17
f Radio show ever Boy who's this?
Pah, into a 12 Governor's assemble name
I, uh, Gerald mutter Tom Clement statement
Governor of party
Hey Tom, it's purple sir Hey Tom I Tam like
Michael's Richard Clark
And well what's inside the two?
Firecrack.
Maurice Kurt?
Horrifying.
Hey, Thomas Bruce.
Tommy!
Who's this?
Genji Vitis.
Yes, they have ranked below me at the wall.
I guess it's what?
I hate you.
It's Peter.
Hey, it's Steinberg.
Mm-hmm.
You are creepy, and I'm hanging upon you, pho-ing.
Roger Depp.
My name is Ollie Fairnock.
I'll say it.
You'll hear it.
You'll do it.
I'll get it.
You'll learn it.
I'll live with it, and you'll die without it.
Smash your trash.
I'm talking to Tom. Good day. What's up, Tom? It's Tristan. Hey, it's Michelle. Yeah, Tom.
This is Jim Riffle. How you doing? When I get to do the toilet talk now.
It's the Bardville of the New Century. My name is Tom Riley. I'm calling from New Zealand.
Hey, man, it's Bryce. Hey, Tom, that's a tent pole. It's a tent pole show. Hey, this is Tedlia.
Whaaaaaat? This is Pete from the Future. Hi, Tom. It's DJ Terry Chase. Hey, from Knoxville.
Super collars off the top my name is Mike's a jack get off my phone. I don't care
Man, I'm going to go to bed now
How are you I was in a band in the early 90s my name is Jerry
Jeffrey Ludell it's a fat disease wilder right
The disenfranchised have a home now. I'm the hero of the disenfranchised
This is the man, ain't it right, yeah?
Is that your man, could've caught through the top, yeah?
I want you to do it, I don't own your way or die.
I want you to do it, I don't own your way or die.
Don't let me to the best show
Don't let me to the best show
Mega
I can't believe it
Is it really Christmas?
He saturated my list
Mommy's catching quite pissed
It's like a dream that it's Christmas again
I can't believe that it's Christmas again
I kissed you and I must admit, I kissed up you and I was dissed, my Santa Claus is
Perilla, a nature within that
presence will be given
presence will be given
present's we'll begin
Do you give it, do you give it
Did you give it.
Did you give it.
Did you.
Did you give it.
Did you give it.
Did you.
Did you give it.
Every unknown wealth and <E.D.>
Now I am wrapped in torture
There are twenty-thirds, forty-fifty dollar guarantee
Make me tell you, give me the thousand dollars I need for this
So more money, more money
Don't want me or the people of the evening
No matter what I am to the world
Now I see my sister, Julia, be the part
Don't want me or the people of the evening
Don't want me or the people of the evening
Don't want me
Everything works if you let it, if you let it in your heart
Everything works if you let it, if you let it in your heart
She is the girl of his dreams
He won't hurt, he thinks forget it
He's got a pain in his heart, he feels like crying
So long so for love, he feels like dying
But don't stop the dream
He can fix it, I know he can
He's the world's world's greatest and the work that he does
When he moves on down the line
Everything works if you let it
Everything works if you let it, everything works if you let it, let it in your heart
She is the girl of his dreams, he won't have, he thinks forget it
He'd love to look inside her heart and see if she agrees
But don't stop the dream, he could fix it, I know he can
It's good, it's great, and the work that it does
And there's magic in the air
Everything will work out if you're letting
Everything will work out if you're letting
Let it in your heart
Good times, bad times
Don't know what to do
Half the time and all the time
Don't know if it's true
Someday, somewhere
He'll know if it's true
She'll look inside her heart
And then decide it's really you
Everything will work out if you let it
Everything will work out if you let it
Everything will work out if you let it, let it in your heart
Everything works if you let it, if you let it in your heart
Everything works if you let it, if you let it in your heart
And everything works if you let it, if you let it in your heart
So
So
You swish is just to love
And I just now
But no, yeah
Only I could
Respect and honor
That is your do, my dear, I know it's been hard, and I can be mean, so cold, but
But, let me try
Forgive me, woman
I knew you so much
Let me be with you
This Christmas time
I love people who have it bad, or some people they don't know what they got, but as long
as I can hold your hand and give you a kiss, my Christmas wish is just to love you, that
Now you will have me from now on
And as we go, let us gain the wisdom
I do understand, by and by
FMU, you're on the air
Hey, this is Tom from Buffalo
Tom from Buffalo.
Yeah, this has to do with music again.
I have no anything about music theory as in playing an instrument
or how to read music or what key or tempo something is in.
But I really pick you when it comes to my music.
But this is something you should know though.
You know what I mean?
It's a select group of people know that stuff.
Yeah.
I feel like a real dummy because my girlfriend is a very major, not a very music theory major.
And then what instrument does she play?
He's vocal.
Okay, what instrument do you play?
I play nothing.
Oh, there you go. That explains it all right there.
Yeah. Is she making you feel stupid?
A little bit.
I think the problem is your relationship.
That's what you're stupid about.
You think so?
Yeah, she sounds like a controlling castrating monster.
he's only 98 pounds like a bench presser
well you don't have to bring a physical threat into it you know i have to call
him sorry yeah exactly now you know you're the bad guy now i just sort of
threat smart guy so she she is you with her emotional bullying and then you
turn right around and make it physical yeah you you're walking on your closed
fist it's like who's afraid of Virginia wolf over there in buffalo it kind of
I don't know. I'm not that much of an intellectual guy. I have to let people know what I'm
doing.
You don't sound like a Stanley Kowalski.
Get off my phone.
The best show, double your weapon
The best show, double your weapon
I've done yet.
Is it over yet?
Let's dig deep and pull this one out.
Let's pull this one out.
Let's do it for Santa Claus. I'm doing this one for Santa Claus. Oh, good heavens.
Everybody, it's the best show on WFMU. My name is Tom Sharpling here with you on
on another Tuesday night three hours of
Mirth music in mayhem the three pronged attack that is the best show in WFM you
each and every Tuesday you count on it and it is here for you my name's Tom
sharpling. I'm the host of tonight's installment. We just heard from John Spencer, a single
he did for the sub-papa singles club way back in 1992. My Christmas wish.
What? Oh that's not good.
Before that, the Manahan Street Band, or Manahan, Manihin, I'm not sure how to say it.
Something that's called Make the Road by Walking, from a collection of their great work.
Before that cheap trick.
works if you let it, an alternate version of the track that appeared on the, that appeared
on the, found all the parts 10 inch record put out by the cheap trick organization. Way
back in I believe like 1980 something like that. The rock of yesterday matched by the
rock of today we heard the brutal nights from their album living by yourself good
stuff we heard support me available on the deranged record label you go to
deranged records for more information on that I'm sorry deranged records dot
com and starting us off wild Billy childish and the musicians of the
British Empire. From their album Christmas 1979 we heard Pete Townsend's Christmas
on the damaged goods label. The phone number 201-209-9368.
That's 201, 209, 9368.
Who's this, Mike?
The usual?
Oh, boy.
Can't get anything else going here, first call.
I'm just going to do this call myself.
WFMU.
Time.
How are you?
Dungin' dungin'
M-A-G-A discipline
Chucky, Stillwap
I hate kids
What about Christmas?
M-A-G-A-L-D-O
Christmas
M-A-G-E-F-O
Let's see if that's how it goes
FM you, you're on the air
Hello Tom
How are you, Spike?
That was a very adequate
Imitation of man
patient of man jeepers thank you
i'm trying
the trying very good yes
oh christmas i can't wait
you can't wait till you like christmas
yes
what do you what do you like about christmas
well i have a little not only having a day off but you know it's changing
present and
eating good food
like uh... like uh... who who did you uh... who do you buy presents for
a family
parole officer
what do you get him
or her sorry not trying to be
another female
parole officers out there
i was not trying to be sexist
i don't have a parole officer
so that's the line you're going to take
all right
so like what what did you ask for this year anything specific
did you ask us santa for
uh... michael soft
as soon
as
one hundred and twenty gigabytes
the soon
i hope not on my recommendation
oh thank god
i want you blaming me
for that uh... hunk of garbage
when you get stuck with that thing
was that because uh... uh... the president elect was seen hanging out with
the zoom
now it has nothing to do with obama
good cuz that was uh... not true
apparently he was not seen with the zoom
i think you might have rather uh... been seen with uh... that uh... that uh...
dude for milanoy
will googavitch
is that his name to googavitch
something like that about the picture pop up a bit or whatever
i don't trouble myself with that guy
as a old-timey thug
right
he's lying
he is
he's miserable for mine
got a nice head of hair though
like that
like that Sean Hannity hair
where did he get to rip off
like that meathead helmet
it's like a helmet
one of those guys all have that
meathead helmet
that's a good question
that's a good question
looks like tim blake nelson
you dropped the uh...
dropped a wall like uh... like eight pounds of hair on his head
yes
now right
uh... i can't wait
there
well how does it how does christmas day start for a spike
uh... you know the usual i get up to take a shower you know the usual stuff
and then
about
and two o'clock three o'clock
you know i go to the family
okay
you mean the home
yeah you go to their home
they're home right well because it was right nearby so i have to
take a subway or bus or anything you're not hallucinating this family are you
now does not a room full of cardboard cutouts
that you got from like movie theater lobbies
No, like you're not talking your family does not consist of Vince Vaughn and Reese Witherspoon
Oh god, no
Like you don't you don't look around your thing and it's not a giant uh meet Dave head
No, right. That's right. No, these are actual human beings
Yes, they will actually know you
Yes, they do and they say welcome spike
Yes, they do will you wear a santa hat perhaps
No. No. No. Not to get in the spirit. I don't like red, red's not my color.
Will you sing Christmas Carols? Only if it's from the Phil Spector Christmas album.
Like what's a good song on that that you would sing?
Oh the Vannette singing Slay Ride.
Slay Ride? I don't know that one.
Okay, did your phone just go off?
No.
I think your phone just rang.
No, it didn't.
That wasn't a ringer?
No, it wasn't.
How's that go again?
Let's keep going.
keep going
What happened?
We got it.
Eve Ho.
I can't keep going with the song.
We're creating Christmas magic.
You get it.
We're inspiring people with that.
New buffoon.
Did you like that, Mike?
Put you in the spirit a little bit, didn't it?
I was finally getting Christmas cheer, and that numbs skull bailed on it.
The brother. Is it over yet?
I'm just getting right to it. I'm putting the topic on the table.
Let's just get this going. First of all, well, before that, I went to a
dinner last night, with my lady friend, Jillian Barbary, we're out eating somewhere, and this
guy at the table next to us. This is a nice place. We're not eating at the, we're not
at the buffet or the Panera bread. It's fancy. Cloth napkins at this place. Metal silverware.
don't get up and get anything at this place. You can't even get up and get your own drinks
at this place. That's how fancy it is. So we're there. It's got the next table. He looked
over. He looked like a, uh, he looked like a poly walnut's uglier brother. Like he'd
be like the guy where it's like, yeah, Paul, he got all the looks in the family.
He's going on and on.
He's talking about shop with this woman who seemed bored out of her mind, this poor woman.
He's going on and on about this conversation every 90 seconds in the conversation.
This guy mentions someone from work named Fernando.
So like then I go back to the office and I tell Fernando, you just tell me the truth
Fernando.
Look, whatever happened happened, but look Fernando, you just got to tell me the truth.
And Fernando said, he's saying Fernando so many times.
He must have said the name Fernando easily one hundred times during this meal
This guy Fernando you know I felt bad for Fernando can only imagine how this guy is working with Fernando
Yeah, Fernando and then then I said Fernando. We can't let this happen again and Fernando looks me right in the eye
I'm okay. I'm not I'm not joking. He looks me right in the eye
And he tells me that he has nothing to do with it.
I mean, look me right in the eye.
He's telling me what to do.
It's a Fernando. Look, we're all working here together,
the same place. We're also all working toward the same goal.
You know, if you see anything like this happen again, Fernando,
you just got to let me know.
No words like that become they don't even become words after a while
Like he said Fernando so many times. He might as well just been going
Fernando
I'm starting to get mad at this guy Fernando even no way with I even know what line of business this guy's in
That's the other thing. It was one of those weird
detail-free conversations
I filled in no blanks this guy might have been a mob boss or he might have been working
at a hardy's for all I know all right let's put a topic on the table enough of this Fernando
business let me just reply here to this thing hold on one second
the
being
generous
bonk bonk
jeepers look at this twitter account
about that
you go to twitter uh... dot com
slash sharpling
That's where it all goes down.
Have you been following my Twitter, Mike?
You know, I started writing a book on Twitter this week.
I started writing my novel on Twitter.
One sentence at a time, it's called fuel dump.
And there I say, it is quite thrilling.
It's like the movie Crunch.
And then hopefully they can make my movie into an Oscar picture also.
Did you see that movie?
I never saw that movie actually.
Crunch did you see that Mike?
You liked it?
With all those actors intersecting in Los Angeles.
Big Oscar movie.
It's called Crash.
You sure it's not called Crunch?
I thought it was Crunch.
Maybe that's why I haven't been able to find it.
I keep going to the video store asking for Crunch.
It's kind of like my crash.
I guess it's Crash.
I'll assume Mike's got it right.
It's called crash.
It's like my crash, but it's like crash on steroids.
You notice it's like steroids on steroids, this thing.
It's like steroids from hell.
All right, let's put a topic on the table.
I'm not ready to abandon this topic from last week.
I feel very disillusioned that a topic was such a, it ran hot
and flamed out after two minutes.
So I'm trying it again.
We're going into a new territory here.
I'm reviving a topic that I believe in.
The topic is who is the dumbest member of Crosby, Stills, Nash and Young, 201, 209, 9368.
Call up now.
Who is the dumbest member of Crosby, Stills, Nash and Young?
This is a winner I refuse to give up on this topic.
201, 209, 9368, David Crosby, Stephen Stills, Graham Nash and Neil Young.
Which one is the dumbest?
And the phones are quiet.
I'm not giving up on it.
I can't weigh in.
I'll tip everything that way.
People will, I'll spike the results.
201-209-9368. Who is the dumbest member of Crosby's Stills Nash and Young?
Got talking about Fernando. You should have heard this guy. I wish I taped it.
It was like a drinking game. It was like a weird drinking game.
if you would have had to have taken a shot every time this guy said Fernando
you would have been you would have been dead literally you would have died of
alcohol poisoning FM you you're on the air hi this is recant going from Vancouver
oh hi how are you tonight good how are you doing okay yeah do you have an
opinion on the topic on the table and I feel bad for being a Canadian voting
way but my vote has to be for Neil Young. Oh, and why is that? Um, Human Highway. Really?
The movie Human Highway. The movie just silly and that epic jam with the only end just didn't
really do it for me. I thought it brought up the worst of both acts. You know what? Your vote has
been counted and I'm picking up where we left off last week just so you know. Count including
your vote we are at six votes for Crosby two for stills one for Nash and
five for young counting your vote one up there yes thank you young man
thanks very much for giving me fm you you're on the air
you know I have to start off by saying Neil Young simply because he has an
offspring I'm good how are you I'm Charlie I'm sorry you don't say hi hi I was a
Little keyed up. What is this thing? What is a c-span? I can't believe I discovered the show
Welcome
Because new young has a developmentally disabled offspring doesn't mean anything. Okay court has the killer that title alone takes matter
The running all right Steven still is it is a tremendous slide guitar player
All right, and he put together
That little acoustic outfit that played their first gig at that farm a little bit north of the city. You might have heard of it
No, no, what are you talking about? It's named after a farm. Yes, girl. I think it was named after a band. Yes
Girl, what is that? Yeah, I don't know what that is
That's that's a little off topic, but it's got to be David Crosby
And why is that? Well, it's not because of the addiction because addiction is a disease
It's a physiological disease that affects all the major systems.
It affects a person psychologically, emotionally and physically.
That's why they can't get help for themselves, but that's also off topic.
That isn't it.
Can I mention a marriage between a female adult oriented rock singer that came around 1990,
a little donation that he made to the union of the union of the union.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I get it. Run away. Okay.
So is that, is that what makes Crosby the dumbest?
Yes, that and the fact that he left Buffalo Springfield to make a solo record.
Yeah, that Crosby did. Remember that?
It's been expunged from the collective memory of the entire generation,
Generation who's failure of imagination. We are now wallowing in by the way. Maybe that's Barack fella
Yeah, can I do something about that when exactly was Crosby in Buffalo Springfield?
Rose you only know this stuff online, huh? I know no I was a joke
Wikipedia
Yeah, I you know something yellow us in the public radio. You know the low-paid
Lara guys, they throw the word wiki around. Let's start a wiki
No, I don't listen to that garbage. I had to ask someone I was embarrassed, but I'm a little older
So I'm not so self-conscious about not knowing the current
Colloquialism yeah, yeah
So where did you how did you find this show by Charlie? I was
In the car in Brooklyn Heights, and you're like you mean like heroin?
No, no, but you know an injectable narcotics nonetheless and I had the radio on low because I needed the light from the dial
You know that Elvis song tuning in the shine in the late night dial
But I wasn't doing anything my radio advice that night because there was a fellow named hammer hit on
Yeah
And freaking casting, I believe that's not one of the seven of it.
Yeah. Hey, somebody else wants to talk to you. Hold on one second.
You've got to write that, but wait, if I'm you, you're on the air.
Hello, Tom. Yeah, Fredrick's here. How's this? You wanted to talk to this guy, Fredrick's?
Yeah, where are you calling?
You're putting down a million. No, no, no, no.
Where are you calling from, Fredrick?
that video
players in the residence wearing the lighted goggles and the hoods
that were left over wardrobe items from
anew hope
the resident
which was never referred to as a new hope it was always just star wars
now it's a new hope
come away uh... when uh... look is going through the valley with the land
speeder to uh... you know
do some stuff to save humanity runs into those little uh... munchkins with the
sackcloth. Where does this come from? Well there's a video and it's a live
concert where Neil Young and Crazy Horse play some selections and the set is
decorated with gigantic amplifiers. This is crazy. And it's to scale so that
Neil and the band appear to be no higher than a German hand grenade bottle of
Budweiser next to a Marshall stack
I got it. I got it kind of like spinal tap and they're and and uh, where was they at the stone and in that case the pebble hinge
Hmm, right. Correct. Correct. Well, who are you? I gotta go. Hey wait a minute. Oh
This is radio. What's up Fredricks? This is weird radio
How does that happen? I don't know the lines got crossed somehow
i don't know i thought i thought you would put him through
now you know one of my crew
guaranteed any ways that are at yet gramnash
is the bad one i was thought that
last week
when you know you was winning
you
what
use you were bumped out when you know you was winning
the dumbest member of the
yeah i am nash only had one vote i want to give them another one
gramney you want to go why do you want to give gramnash another vote
all those guys came from other bands right
well and what did he come from
uh... the hollies and there you go
compared to what
buffalo spring field the birds of birds
right
yeah and uh... and the minor birds
you remember them
you know you don't remember them either you know i wasn't that old no time
No one remembers them. You just know about names and Neil Young in the same band. Yeah, did you do you still listen to that album a lot?
I never even heard it because it didn't come out. It's just
mythological
How did that never come out Mike? How was that in the 40 years not been released?
Because it's a lie
Well, Frederick's has blown my mind.
So that's a good question.
Hey, Frederick's, sir.
Yes, sir.
I wanted to correct you on a couple things
if I ever get a chance.
Please, if the floor is yours.
OK.
Well, one, first, this is kind of a compliment, I think.
But I got your coal-train joke when
you were talking about all being on the John
coal-train MySpace page, that that would not be the tune
that they'd put up there have no idea what you're talking about well yeah it
must have been just a passing idea and you said
all here i go doing jazz jokes well one person got it that's all i wanted to
let you know
pete seeer did not cut the court at the what was it sixty five newport
folk festival
he wanted them to turn it down because he liked the words to maggie's farm so
much
i saw that in the documentary
and you're spreading of false meme
uh...
now he chopped the thing and he got electrocuted
what think about that time
and he talked it with an act like the guy shows up with it with his little
act
well
did you hang up on me no no you're here
some bad happen we got it by lightning
i'm trying to get like to think i got it
that was weird
that was very weird
we're talking about p-seaguer who was that guy who who you was that guy picking
up on an extension in your house
Frederick i thought he was a friend of yours com i don't know who that cat was
the call is coming from inside the house
my house is that mike
who is that guy
who is coming from get out of the house
What are you sakes, get out of here, no!
No, this is Charlotte, I've got it again.
I've got to take issue with you with the Graham.
How did you get back in my house?
They've been mid-britthed up in the house.
Long like bus stops.
Immediately floats up from the bottom.
At the front door?
Now I've got some stuff that I've got to take care of.
Tom?
Yes.
What the hell is going on?
I don't know.
This is the weirdest Christmas I ever had.
So what are you going to ask for for Christmas? A new lighter?
I want that guy out of my life. How does he keep getting out of my phone?
Are you asking for a new Zippo and six cartons of pay moles?
I want a month's supply of American spirits.
Yeah. You're going to stop for 2009?
You're going to stop with the cigarettes?
You know you're not happy. You hate yourself, don't you, Fredricks.
what will you find like my one week boy i mean i you know if i
uh... yeah that does bother me
yeah let's beat it
that's not like michael jackson come on sing for me tommy
let's beat it
i tell you
when one vanishes another one or uh... shows up
i finally get a julie under control
julie from since that he finally calms down enough
And all of a sudden, this guy pops a new podcracks open, and this guy climbs out.
A podcrast?
What are you drinking there, tea?
Yeah, as a matter of fact, I am.
I'm having some green tea.
There's a green tea.
Yeah.
When you put some, uh, you're going to crumble, crumble up a couple of cigarettes, put it in there.
I just, I just break off a chunk and stick it over on the side when I'm talking on the phone.
So I don't have to, uh, pause while I inhale.
It's time for you to stop with the cigarettes.
Ahhh.
Hey, look, Tom, I understand, and I think you're correct.
But I think you're incorrect in that you don't have something you should stop.
And I'll be willing to, uh, put up my cigarette smoking if you're willing to offer me something bad.
I'll tell you what I should stop.
You want to know what I should stop?
What?
I should stop coming here every Tuesday.
That's my problem.
Well, if you stop doing that then I'd stop worrying about my smoking, so maybe I should stop. This might be time
People hate me. I look online all week people ripping me. What do they say?
Yeah, just getting on me
Call me names
Come on what name could they say I'm on the air
There's a family that names. Yes. No good names
That's why I'm all set. Yeah
If somebody calls you Beaver, Cleaver, you'd probably not be happy either.
That almost had poetry in it, but I didn't mean to either.
But anyways, so come on, Tom.
So where are you going to spend Christmas, Fredricks?
I'm spending a home.
In the home?
Yeah.
What have my people come to me?
A halfway house?
Yeah, yep, yep, yep.
And and we get everybody and then everybody they imagine all gets to attend
No, we're gonna have like a regular family thing and burn the burn the Christmas tree from last year in the backyard
Uh-huh. Oh, it does a normal Christmas tradition
Well, what do you do with your Christmas tree? You give it to the garbage guys, right? I don't set it on fire on Christmas day
You weirdo
Hey, it's time for the tradition!
Where's my liner?
You're killing me, Tom.
Tom.
No, I'm not killing you.
The cigarettes are killing you.
Well, how many packs a day you smoke?
A pack and a half, approximately.
Yeah.
Sometimes less.
I cut back for a couple days and then I got a viral infection in my lungs.
Mm-hmm.
You realize that you weaken your body. There's a reason why you're getting viral infections in your lungs
Your lungs are exhausted
Talking to you no from the from the tarry you're you're pulling into them 30 times a day
Okay, all right
Evo
I'm talking to that guy FM you you're on the air hi Tom hi who's this Dave from
Knoxville Dave super caller power caller whatever whatever it is great job
honor to be here I'm glad you called in Dave I hope you and all the ones you
love have the most wonderful holiday season oh that that's sweet of you Dave
You're a generous guy. Hey, I got quick things. Yes
Monterey pop festival
Neil young and Steven stills were fighting another part of belief. Mm-hmm. Neil said I can't I'm not coming
They were booked Buffalo Springfield
Stills invites Crosby to sit in in Young's place. Yeah, but I think it was a one-day thing only
Yeah, he was he was not a full-time member
But I'd like to hear that mess. I bet it would be entertaining to hear that now at Buffalo Springfield their performance was not
Released was it I don't believe it was in the movie
legendary though
Legendarily bad. I'm sure exactly. I think it was supposed to be bad, right? Yeah, they booted it
Of course, I was alive when that happened like many of your audience, but you were not there
I was not at the Monterey Pop Festival.
What's the first show that Dave from Knoxville saw?
It's embarrassing.
Oh, no.
We'll go ahead.
13 years old.
Uh-huh.
It's supposed to be Black Sabbath.
Uh, Ozzy was sick or something.
Mm-hmm.
They came out and said, well, you can get a refund or you can stay for a full-length
concert by the opening act.
Well, I had no way home.
way home I mean my parents have dropped me off they're gonna pick me up two
hours later who was it the Oak Ridge boys two hours of black Oak Arkansas
is cool they actually don't live in Oak Ridge which is confusing they live
over in Nashville which is far away yeah have you ever met any of those guys
No, no, no, I met Dolly and Roy a cuff and some of the old timers when I worked it up really in but not those guys
Hey new feature possible new feature. What's that match widths with spike?
Don't give them any ideas. I think it was you know wouldn't be that tough. Yeah, I do have three quick music things for you
Let's hear it Dave. I'm ready. Have you heard the new Neil Diamond albums? I heard the one
That had some song called, like, Hell Yes on it?
That's the song. God, that's the exact song I wanted to talk about.
That's got to be one of your sub theme songs.
That might have been either one of the greatest songs or one of the worst songs I've ever heard.
I'm still not sure.
It's exactly right. It's got the perfect combination of bluster and heartfelt emotion.
Oh, he's laying his heart out during that thing,
But I think the problem is he's insane at this point.
It's gorgeous though. I just made me think of you when I heard it.
Hey Mike, can you fetch the Neil Diamond album that came out a couple years ago?
The song Hell Yes. It's like his it's his my way.
That's right. Hell yes. You ready for the next topic? I am.
Randy Newman concert I talked to you about.
That's right. You went for your birthday.
Exactly the same as two years ago 16 songs. Mm-hmm a joke about needing to go shoot up
Rake
16 more songs
Gets up and walks away without saying anything eight songs in the in an encore 40 songs
Took about 71 minutes all together. Did he do any of those songs from the cartoons?
He did one which one from Toy Story from Toy Story, right? And did everyone cheer?
They did they were out of control. Did he address like one of the characters? No
As a matter of fact the way he starts his concerts
There's no introduction or anything in the house lights stay on. He's just suddenly sitting at the piano
I
Heard that one time and you can correct me if you're a niele a Randy Newman fan
I heard one time he was doing a show and you know how they put him on the video screens for the for the people on the way back
one time one of the cameras accidentally was filming a frog that was
nearby and it was three songs before anybody realized that that wasn't that
the camera was in the wrong place because the visual for the frog matched up
with the vocals yes the frog and with the with match up with Randy Newman's
face right got it but I did see David Byrne fantastic I don't know if you can
I don't believe that or not.
Oh no, it's not my thing.
But a lot of people who like him still speak highly
of him and where he's at.
Best concert I've seen in years,
I think he's going to Europe,
so Martin should be on the lookout for him.
He can be fabulous.
I know, last thing is.
By the way, I just want to say Martin
is about to initiate a secret project.
We're going to call it a, we're going to call it a best show project project, a best
show secret project number one, we're going to call it 2009, just so you know, is going
to start off with such an explosion of activity, such a flurry, you people are going to be shocked.
You people are not going to be able to believe it.
There are so many best show related things that are coming.
a secret projects gonna be launched there's new things this that the other
thing
get ready i'm just telling people get ready
that's awesome and yet you're making threats of not showing up on tuesday
night spritening
don't know i'll be here don't worry i'm just saying
i'll be here but
maybe maybe i don't know i'll be here what am i saying
i'm working on a uh... piece of fanfiction that i want to submit to the
ongoing uh...
young out yes the uh... on the friends of tom message board over friends of
tom dot com
it's called waiting for fair and hockey
i've been working on it for a while i'll get that out
here's the last thing the dirt bombs were in town
yes
and uh... someone just or not someone just i am to me and said
a guy like a young man named joseter
a friend of the program who also by the let me just say if i can before forget
also david sir interrupt you
no problem i want to thank joseter
last week
for setting up the andy daily interview
he uh... made that happen
and jouster i took my hat to you thank you very much
you're a good dude
so he meant he just i am to be said
ask dave about his dirt bomb story now i'm intrigued
the uh... t d on the radio
performed here yes
and in all the ads
there was no mention of an opening act
And the day before the concert, I was down to local CD shop
where the guy gets me all these great free tickets
to these shows.
And he said, hey, I've heard you mention the dirt bombs.
You know, they're going to open for TV on the radio.
I got to know.
He said, well, it's sold out.
So I thought, well, maybe I know that you love them.
Oh, I do.
I'm assuming your love for them got back to them.
I thought I might try to use a little FOT love
to wiggle my way into that show.
Yeah, good luck with that.
So I took the finest box of wine.
I could find down there, and I went to the Wilkall window
and said, I'm a friend to Tom, and I need this up.
You're clear on it.
I swear this is true.
I said, if you could contact someone with the third bombs
and tell them, Dave from Knoxville, who's
a friend of Tom, is here.
And would love to meet with any one of them.
I think I know where this is going.
OK, keep going.
So she said, if you'll just stand there for a minute,
I'll have somebody come right out.
And I stood there for two, three minutes.
And the two big security guys came out and said,
you'll have to leave the premises with your box of wine, sir.
And that was the end of my dirt box.
That's the end of it.
So I really tried, though.
It's like an inverse Mentos commercial.
It's like, doo doo doo doo doo.
Oh, it's something bad with life.
And you're like sneaking through.
Remember that Mentos commercial where they sneak through?
They pretended they were the road crew?
Yeah.
You now are doing the opposite of that with a box.
It was a box or a bottle.
It was actually a box of wine.
I thought it would be funny if it was a box.
That is hilarious.
And then you're just getting told by security guys,
leave the premises yes there's no one here you can speak to
this sort of how it went well they weren't mean or anything
i have some i i'd be glad to leave the box of wine for my friends the dirt
bomb yeah they would have been they would just like to entertain this
right they wouldn't let me leave it so they just thought i was some nut
threw me out
dave i have to say
to you seriously that was the that story
is fantastic i love it
that sort has already made my night
if big dapper dipper comes up got big plan
all it look if big dapper comes i'll get you into the show
thank you know worry
happy holidays all at the same to you dave seriously you know people should
check out last year was it last year you told your christmas story
dot my dad that was one of the greatest stories people should go to the archives
and and find that story
a great story and you you and your family have a great holiday
thank you sir take it out
good guy
dave from noxil
good guy
heartwarming guy
fm you you're on the air
how are you
uh... brother
i wasn't talking about something is it is it okay
um...
yeah it's something what's up with uh... with your voice uh... bob
Oh, well, I'm trying to, I don't know,
talk like this to say, well, is it a problem with it?
I just want to discuss something philosophical.
I mean, about the concepts of protesting,
while things like Vietnam and Woodstock,
you know what's wrong with that, in my opinion?
When you have a person sitting in his home as parents go,
why don't you go to Woodstock, son?
They're having a war in Vietnam,
you should go protest and you know maybe get your mind expanded so he goes up there
and he practices his duality which is, you understand what I'm saying, I don't.
No, I don't.
Well, I'm saying duality is that, look, there's a war, right, so he's thinking about war
and he's still thinking about war, so how many years later, the people that were at Woodstock
a duality prone, not prone, it's maybe the wrong word, but they're thinking in duality
because they're all the time Vietnamese on the mind and also, oh look how regal and
proud I am to protest this fine war and I'm on LSD, that's currently, currently?
No, I'm talking about the individuals that were there, I'm too young for that.
I'm not young personally, but I'm too young for a woodstock generation.
Uh-huh.
But I'm saying the duality which was practiced by the hippies, or the so-called hippies,
the people that dressed up and went there, they seem to be saying,
my, my, a war, let's go have fun by standing in a, in a field
and consuming all kinds of products that we have, that aren't labeled by the FDA.
you know sir
i do know hey do you have a christmas wish for everybody
why is that it will be christmas wish that
but do not practice
something uh... similar to it anymore great hey you have a great holiday
thanks so much
what's that mike
fm you you're on the air
hi tom this is julie from since nighty i called to say
happy holidays all that sweet of you julie how are you tonight
Good, but I can't get my computer to work.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Yeah, me too, because I can't listen.
So I was hoping to be on hold for like 50 minutes
or something.
You just hear it?
You know what though?
You get it working.
It'll work for you.
Then you listen to the archive.
I know, I know, but.
So what are you doing for Christmas?
Oh boy, that's a long story.
Well, let's get the reader's digest version.
My friend is visiting, and then I'm
I'm going to my family's crazy, can you believe?
Yeah, really?
Really?
Where do you think all my problems came from?
What problems?
Yeah, exactly.
Well, you don't have problems.
You're a good person.
I am pretty much a good person, yeah.
I agree, I like you.
I've gotta go to my mom, look, my mom is,
you know what, she's a good person
but she's really misguided and she's bad,
like in the way like, oh, shoot.
You know, like people,
catch about their families,
like, and then I tell them, like,
things about mine and they think I'm evil
and I'm not gonna tell you why,
but then if I tell them why my mom really is so horrible,
they're like, why do you still talk to her?
Uh-huh.
Yeah, so I'm going to my mom's on Christmas.
That's what I'm doing.
Oh, my friend's coming to visit.
So where does your friend get to town?
Well, he was supposed to get here at 3 AM,
but then there's a hangout at the train station or something
because of the ice and all that.
Yeah, but so I don't know.
What are you doing for Christmas?
Family, friends.
Classic stuff.
You know, we go in the backyard.
burn the Christmas tree. Like do you like garbage cans on fire? We have a new
port Richie Christmas. What's that? What you don't know new port Richie? I know
new port Richie I just don't know what it's Christmas is. Oh Julie. My favorite
person I don't know. You're sweet to say that and you're my favorite person I
I don't know.
Really?
Thank you.
And I wish you nothing but the best this holiday season.
I wish you 100% of the best.
Seriously I hope your 2009 things you get some some some things are going to break your
way.
I hope things go better.
It's like actually not a good holiday season but I don't hope that against the holidays
because the last few years haven't.
You'll get past it, hang in there.
Sure.
I'm hanging.
Good.
You have a great night.
Have a wonderful holiday.
Thank you.
If I'm you, you're on the air.
Hey.
Is that me?
Yes it is.
Oh my goodness.
I am so glad to get a hold of you guys tonight because just like a fraction of an inch to
the left of you is WFUV, which I usually listen to.
Yeah, but they're having a hockey game tonight, so who's playing who knows cares, you know, it's college
You know, we're like even if it was pros, you know, I don't care
It's like I want to hear music and like interesting talk. You don't want to listen to a college hockey game
No, you want it? Is that a crime? No, I'm teasing you. Yeah, I mean, it's like it's like soccer
It's like basketball. It's all the same sport. It's a different thing that they're kicking and you know who taught me that?
My son when he was seven years old. He said they're just kicking the day of course of field
What is that all about and and my son was very smart and he was into
Baseball people coming from me
Where is this anyway?
You know, I go a little bit to the right. You know, uh-huh. Uh-huh. You know, I major move
Stepping to the right name here in the sky talking about duality of hippies, you know, I know he sounded nuts, right?
Yeah, he was could that guy have sounded crazier? I could tell him about duality of hippie them. Oh, so you're gonna
you know you wouldn't know if you know of course it's mine but beyond that
so i could go back like maybe five minutes before that about something
apparently it's been going on for weeks and i so apologize because i was off
you know so she'll play a creed or no without like crispy sauce gnash and
young yeah
okay
definitely
david crossby
you think he's the what you think he's the dumb and why is that
uh... please you know with uh...
you know he couldn't handle the drugs
please at the board truck and he ever did what i never went to rehab hold on a
second
what you're saying is you've abused drugs
i would never guess in a million years
yet some of the middle will be not
actually
yeah i didn't abuse them
tell me tell me that what's the hardest drug you did
with any regularity
heroin okay
going to go and and i'm glad i don't
use a group in your crime i doubt
and come on
you come to a point you stopped doing it you stopped doing it
you don't give you sperm
i gotta move on
where who who was
is this
is this what twitter is getting the show now
i joined twitter
and then a week later
these are my these are the callers
i'll tell you where is the show getting pumped into
because they're all in the same place
these are all the same
the same person basically
calling
fm you you're on the air
yes has been from Wilmington North Carolina
how are you then
i'm doing it okay
okay
uh... well i got one for the topic or let's hear it
uh... well i i sort of hope it's new young
and why is that
uh... i was watching a performance of his uh...
the time harvish came out maybe a little bit before
uh... just uh... for an intimate setting and
and the nakusa guitar and uh... he had this really uh... i guess in a kind of
sheepish quality of autumn and
i think i would i admired that i think i would really kind of check out if he
was the dumbest member
and uh...
you can't keep it in the quality of life i guess
also you think that you're saying dumb in a good way
dot the dumb enough
yeah
yeah like in a child like
yeah away of uh... of untainted innocence
exactly
playful and
you know since you're
all right
you know what
you have put dumb
in a different uh... and uh... and uh... and uh... different context
great
that's really all that bad
thank you so much
thank you you have a good night
you too
who was this mic
god
fm you you're on the air
hello
Hi, yes, this is Jane, Jen Paul from New York City.
Jean Paul from New York City.
No, Jane.
Jane?
Yes.
I'm calling because as a mother, I disagree with that
soccer mother who called in before from bad words.
I can't even.
I thought that that person was cursing.
I already bleeped them.
Can't do the show anymore.
Is this how we go out?
No, can't do it.
Can't do it anymore.
If you're thinking that my life is a hootin' a holler
from the start of the day, you can't do it
the dark of the night.
Can't do it anymore.
And that it's ringin' like a bell and give up.
That you only want to follow.
I got a trust in me when I say, I'm just trying to get it right.
Yeah, I'm just trying to get it right.
Still I think about myself as a lucky old dreamer at me.
And if you're asking me to tell, is it worth what I paid?
You're gonna hear me say, yeah it is.
And I say it loud, I loved it all, and I'm not too proud, I freed my soul, just let it
fly.
Right.
Yeah, this crazy life around me, it confuses and confounds me, but it's all the life I've
God, until I die, hell yeah it is, hell yeah, hell yeah it is.
If you're asking for my time, isn't much left to give you.
No, I know.
Get around a good long while I have.
So I gotta say it fast, time is all we'll ever need.
Yes, but it's got to have a meaning exactly be careful how it's spent
Because it isn't gonna last right. Are you wondering out loud?
Are you ever gonna meet?
Will you ever work it out?
Will you ever take a chance and just believe you can?
And yeah, you will I will
You're gonna be okay. I will be okay, and you might get lost
But then you'll find a way
Thank you
Can't be afraid I can't be afraid and yeah this life is here
It is made for living loves a gift that's made for giving
You give it all away and have it still
I've been living in a bowl, a bowl, alright you lost me there, with a lot of people staring,
oh now I get him, okay, a fish bowl, people staring at him, with my feet on shaky ground.
I had the bowl, she had the bowl, and my head up in the sky, there's some huge bowl.
But it's where I want to be.
You know what? I said.
Life that's made for caring.
Yes.
Got a song to pass the day, not this song.
And a girl to share the night.
So if they ask you when I'm gone, was it everything you wanted to hear this people?
People when he had to travel on when I have to leave did he know he'd be missed
You can tell them there's you animals. Oh, yeah, he did. I did it
All of it
Never had to crawl
He cried a bit
Yes, I think but not for long that I was tough to fight
I found the life that he was after
Filled it up with love and laughter
Finally got it right and made it fair
Hell yeah, he did
Hell yeah, he did
And I'm all fired up
I have no idea what that song was about
That song was the craziest thing I've ever heard
But now I get it. And just you all remember, when I'm gone, when this life, when you look
back, you realize this is what it was all about, this show, when I'm gone. You didn't
even see, you don't know how deep the iceberg went, when the show's gone. FMU, you're on
the air
eureka california
what's your name again
Zeke how are you
i'm fine not to uh... here you
thanks Zeke
hey i just had a quick when it's off your topic but uh...
have you have you seen this new uh... fast food advertising that's going on
with the whopper virgin
yet disturbing
it's so disturbing that basically it's a series of commercials where they find
people around the world who have
who have thankfully been not been exposed
to fast food
and they're polluting them with it exactly what is this like fast food
missionary stuff yeah going on exactly
yeah let's get to them we found people out in the outermost reaches of the
planet
who still
who's who's whose lives have still not been ruined by uh... mcdonald's is
and burger kings is
set up all over the place
mcdonald's with the nug nuts thing to you
It's just gone beyond, man.
Yeah, it's crazy.
Thanks, Steve.
I appreciate the call.
I appreciate it, too.
Thanks.
FMU, you're on the air.
Tom, Julie from Cincinnati here.
What can I do for you?
Nothing.
I forgot to tell you.
I think you're awesome.
Oh, that's sweetie to say.
It is.
Also, I was going to say something else,
and I have to do it, I've forgotten it.
OK, well, we'll get it next week.
But it was nice.
I appreciate it.
next week or the next week
yes thank you thank you julie
fm you're on the air
hello hello
yeah this is going to call from queen
yeah uh... stop doing voices
because i was not doing that voice when he called was he
he was
and you let him through
uh... let's tighten it up over there mike
mike stepma mike's doing the shows if he thinks it's uh... this is uh...
like he's trying to you know and that start doing your job Mike not gonna work
get on you those are the people you're supposed to filter it you do you have
them on your show out there the Mike show you have Gordon from Queens on FM
you're on the air
one of the good time
what's that
what i would have a great day christmas
mary christmas and a reggae new year to you
it's right
that iraq
how are you
reggae christmas who was that by again
brian adam that's right if you can a reggae dummy
uh... you're right i'm not
he's a he's a canadian guy
doing a doing a reggae song
yet back in the early eighties they've played it on mtv all the time i don't
know if it was ever a record though
i don't know if it ever was either it was like it was an mtv video
and call-screen repair
if he remembers it
Mike do you remember a Brian a Brian Adams record called?
reggae Christmas
Mike does not remember it okay. Well, I remember it like it was yesterday when I first saw it, you know
You want to hear the story sure
What was me and wheels and buzzy and we were sitting in our neighbor's row house watching the latest videos, you know by scorpions
Culture Club, autographs, Cindy Lauper. It was all just good music then, right?
Yeah, you're right. That was the golden era for music.
Ice House, Avios, born ultra box. We didn't care what it was. It was all good.
Because it was a video. Yeah.
As long as it was a video, it was okay.
oh yeah and then Brian Adams came on doing reggae Christmas
uh-huh and all and all H.L. would break L.O.S.
because you guys love that song so much?
oh yeah that and what would come after that or during it?
like what would be during it?
oh well strap yourself in.
we break out the smoke and implements
and we celebrate both the birth of Jesus and his dad Jaw
by partaking of the holy sacrament
of hash
yet
hash
yet
so that was how you would spend your uh... that was how you would spend your
uh... holiday season
those were just in the days up up to christmas you know of course you know
we go into our neighbors liquor cabinet
and post job with brandy
oh i can still see that brandy sniffer in my mind's aisle
yeah i don't know if it
you exactly would would use uh... brandy to celebrate jaw
oh yeah
i can still see it in my mind's aye all
your mind's aye all you mean your mind's aye
what's that
it's that i think that's how that's saying goes
what's your mind aye all like it
well but your mind's an island in the middle of the ocean that's your head
mm-hmm
uh... well okay
fair enough
i thought it was mind's aye
i don't i don't know we never did know the name of our neighbor though he seemed
nice if he was driving away every morning
hmm yeah after you and then you would go into his house
we break into his cellar yeah yeah did he ever find out
as far as i know i
not really know i'm sure he noticed that all his alcohol was gone
yeah it was fun though
well that doesn't sound there if i mean it's a little horrible to go and uh...
break into somebody's house. No, we'll define break in. Well, you're going, you said you
went through his basement? Yeah. Yeah, that's breaking in. Well, well, what? Next thing you're
going to accuse us of using bolt counters to get in. Oh, did you? Yeah. That's not good, Roy.
Well, it felt good to get in once I had that brandy in my stomach.
Yeah, but it wasn't yours to have.
No, neither was the hash.
You were stealing his hash?
From another neighbor, why?
From another guy, okay.
Yeah.
At least you were spreading the thievery around the neighborhood.
I was spreading good cheer, speaking of good cheer to get my Christmas card.
I did not.
Wait, what?
I haven't gotten your Christmas card.
I sent it to WFUM. Oh wait. Yeah, that would explain why I didn't get it. Oh, okay. Well, you're going to love it once you get it. It's me and the whole fam, damn.
Rhoda, Roy Jr. Rhoda Jr. in Little Roy. Uh-huh. On the front, we're sitting on an old fashioned missile, you know, like at the, you know, at the, you know, at the park and they got like a can and then it's got like bombs and stuff next to it. Yes, yeah.
You know, and we painted on one of the bombs, next stop, as hit bridge.
You mean because you're moving to New Bridge, because you are the mayor elect?
Yeah.
I love the sound of that, say it again.
You're the mayor elect of New Bridge.
Yeah, say it with more respect
You're the mayor elect of Newbridge, okay, thanks
We're gonna have a great 10 years together, ain't we? That's right. It is 10 years
You're gonna be mayor for 10 years
It's gonna be so awesome and I want to take a moment right now to relay a special Christmas message to the people in Newbridge, okay
I want to fill them in. Things are coming along swimmingly with the changeover of power
from the previous mayor to your new mayor, whose name, of course, is me.
Yes. You are the new mayor.
Yes. And the transition is going to be pretty painless.
And I want to take a moment to thank over my changeover team for all their help.
Mr. Tank, Jess, Aime, Fernando, and Russ Muslim.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Fernando.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I don't know where...
Who is Fernando?
Fernando Bilip.
Everyone's talking about him.
Is that why I overheard when I heard somebody talking with Fernando when I was at a restaurant
last night?
Oh, really?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I guess so.
How many Fernandos can there be in Newbury?
Not many.
I guess that must have been the same Fernando.
i don't know well anyway he's my new tenant in charge of physical fitness
but a lot of you kids up there are chokes
okay
yet they got a drop some pounds
or they're going to be in the stock's getting with
you're going to put kids in the stocks if they don't lose weight
oh yeah
act like what people in for other reasons to you know like you're going to be in
there with call-screener winnifred
uh... so
i'm gonna be in the stocks
yet on what and based on what
oh i'm sure you'll do something that's going to aggravate me
i don't know what it's going to be but i do want everybody to know
okay this comes from the bottom of my heart
i will probably never do what this mike
black ojevic did
the guy in uh... in uh... in uh... illinois
in illinois yeah yeah you're not gonna do what he did
probably not know i want to say corruption will have it's not know
then the smallest possible place in my administration
so corruption you will potentially have a place in your administration
well you know you never say never
i mean you try to avoid it at all costs
saying that we're going to look at this look if king simon said that i'm never
going to go back and get back together with the original guy uh... you know
But he'd never said that and they got back together and they made millions yeah like the hooters
The hooters while the hooters made millions well they got back together, and I'm sure they made if not thousands hundreds
Okay, so they made hundreds. Oh, yeah, okay, and can I say this also?
Yeah, I know everyone's out there's heard the rumors
You know, how things are going to be once the team figure gets positioned in the place.
Mm-hmm.
I want y'all to rest your mind at ease.
Okay.
40% of those rumors are not true.
Like, what type of rumors?
Well, let me take the issue of the death squads.
Death squads?
Oh, yeah.
You... where did this death squad rumor come from?
don't know if getting out there on the plot or whatever they they are
uh-huh
did you say the blobs yet the plot p l o d s kratik computer much
it doesn't seem like you do
okay
well i do and they're called blogs
i don't well we could agree to disagree on that
so please i'm more come much more concerned about
death squads and then blog that's the thing they're not
okay
their peace operative
peace operatives
oh yeah
uh... comprising these peace operatives
well we're so lucky it is headed up by a wonderful man
who has agreed to take the position
who is that
mister ras mussin
ras mussin
what's the spurs
it was a lot of all great
burner
it was a real crew that we got
coo you actually said coo right
of course i did
perhaps i'm shocked you didn't say coop
uh... crack of french diction every month it don't sound like you do
i don't know why god
but what a what a do you are
Okay, there you go now. You're back to normal. You're a douche. You know, you are. Yeah. Do you and see don't it's
Yeah, like his bedrophy of douche. Yeah, well, how do you know that?
Because I read it's a little book by President John F. Kennedy and Peter O'Toole. What a dummy
Wow
Okay, I'll take your word for it
John Kennedy and Peter O'Toole wrote a book yeah
Yeah, it was the best seller. They never wrote a book again. Yeah, it's a shame
Right you need to go to the library. I guess I do please again though none of this matters in the face of
death squads
So tell me what these but they're being run by Verner and his brother Rodegger. Don't forget him
Great so these two guys are running the these peace operatives
Oh, yeah, and what are they based on what like what is their what is their objective if I decide that things are getting out of hand
Maybe there's too many people congregating, you know on the street or something or people are getting too rowdy
Then they go into motion and they keep the peace just like mayor. Good kept the peace in eighty-five
with the new people
Okay, you mean dropping a bomb basically on an entire city block. Oh define bomb
Something that sets everything on fire when it falls off of them. Yeah, okay. Yeah. Great.
And who decides when things are out of control?
I'll give you one guess. You.
His name is me.
Are you not look I and I know you Roy, and I understand
I have a good handle on you
You're really you're really hilarious tonight. I'm written. Yeah, you're you are like Todd Rungan
Did you see him on Letterman last night?
You want to know what? I actually did.
I knew it. You know why? Because you have the TV bug like I do.
I like my TV.
I like MASH. You know that show?
MASH. Yes. I have seen it before.
Oh, that Colonel Clink.
You're a fan of Colonel Clink?
Yeah.
Um...
Alright. Good. It's uh...
It's, you know, I think I might have seen enough mash in my lifetime to last me.
Okay.
Oh, well, okay.
Then we're going to agree to differ.
Mm hmm.
Yeah.
Um, no, please.
People are saying.
Now, I was just saying, I have, I know where you're coming from with stuff.
And for better or worse, I know what, how you would probably implement this piece operative.
Right.
you are uh... what makes you think
that you have control over uh...
over uh...
burner and rudder
uh... i mean that would do they get to make any calls with this piece of this
with this force
well that's how it's going to be at first in the first like two months i'm going to
be calling all the shots and on that level you know
and then they'll get the hang of it by then and then they've got pretty rain
for the next like nine and a half years
Well that doesn't worry you.
Oh, not at all, no.
But these guys who are pretty far out there
are going to have control of some kind of military force.
Oh, they know what they're doing.
See, just like the other day, you know, for training?
We went to a fliers game.
And there was a big crowd outside.
And the crowd was getting kind of unruly.
So I go, you guys know what to do.
And they started whipping these belts around and stuff.
They don't use firearms yet.
Oh, so they were whipping belts around?
Yeah, oh, yeah.
At a flood.
I'm really controlled, everybody.
Yeah.
Of course, the belt had guns at the end of them.
Yeah.
Well, they weren't loaded.
You're really playing with fire on this one.
Oh, no.
It's going to be hot, though.
Hey, speaking of hot.
yeah
you're going to be very happy to know
that from what i'm told the mayor's mansion is almost finished being
redecorated
the mayor of the mayor's mansion which is where i'm assuming you and your
family it will move into
oh yeah it's going to be great
how how are you making a decorating changes to it
well it's got all painted uh...
anew it's so great you know why was that
Because every color of the Philadelphia sports teams is being utilized.
Really?
Oh yeah.
So you're using it so
you're repainting the mansion to reflect what what colors now?
Well you know red and white for the fillies.
Green and silver for nam bagels.
Orange for nam flyers.
Yeah.
And black for the Sixers.
Sixers colors are generally like white and
Red I think no this reflects. They're alternate away Jersey
They're alternate away Jersey. Okay. Yeah. Well, that's it was so each room is gonna have one of those colors in it. Oh
No, each room's gonna have all them colors. Why? Well, that sounds like a disaster like it all mixed together
Well, how can you have that many? It's like black, green, white, red, orange.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't know what that's going to look like.
It's going to be great, you know, because it shows the diversity that's Newbridge.
Uh-huh. That's what's so great about Newbridge. It's a total melon pot.
Okay, yeah. Newbridge is a melon pot. You're not going to tell me you've never heard
of a melon pot
it's it's very exciting that you're looking to keep
new bridge of melon pot
oh yeah
i just don't know what's all over going to keep uh... the rhino on
right what rhino
the rhino we got
uh... a rhino
woof
ok please tell me about the rhino
well it's a proven factoid that all the great mayors have had pet rhinos over
the years
i've never heard that before
and instill confidence in the electorate
if they see you with a rhino
oh yeah
what do you see the rhino
you want to know i have no idea i know nothing about rhinos and neither do you
Yeah, I wasn't being replicant on that.
No, okay, so you have a rhino now?
Yeah, oh yeah.
That you're going to do something with,
I don't really know, do you write it?
Well, they're called a rhino, so I guess you write it.
No, they're called a rhino then.
Yeah. I don't know.
You've got to find the horn and you just swing?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
You're biting off way more than you can chew here.
Or a rhino is a very dangerous animal.
Really?
If you take the teeth out.
The what?
The teeth?
How are you going to take a rhino's teeth out?
I don't know.
Can it be Dennis?
There's got to be Dennis up there, right?
Although I've seen you guys as teeth.
Well, it was great.
So you're judging everybody up here?
No.
I'll do that when I get up there.
Oh, great.
So that's what we have to look forward to a mayor who looks down on everyone.
No, no, no, I don't know, we'll have fun now.
What are you doing for Christmas this year?
You know, let me just back up for one second.
You were saying the second floor of the, you're not sure what floor you're going to keep the
rhino on.
You know that the mayor's mansion is just kind of a, it's not a mansion though.
What do you mean it's not a mansion?
It's not huge.
Wait.
Whoa.
Yeah, it's like a, oh, I'm sorry, I didn't realize you were done.
Okay.
It's like, all right.
It's like a ranch.
It's like a ranch house.
Okay.
It's a ranch house.
Yes.
You're not for you kidding me. No, I'm not. Oh my god
Well, there's got to be like an addition build on right can't be like a plain ranch house now it pretty much is
One story I
Think so. Yeah, what's the basement like?
I've never been in it. I can't imagine it's it's it's a much of a basement though more than than a normal ranch house
not a crawl space I
I don't I would maybe it might be I've never been now I'm bummed
Now I'm not great, okay, you're really weird the people of New Bridge are in great hands. Oh, man
They're gonna have so much fun. I'll be well-rested too. You know why why's that because we're taking Christmas off this year
you're taking Christmas off the chill out you know uh-huh yeah what are you
gonna be doing well I told the family that it's because there's too much stuff
for you to get ready before we move uh-huh the reality is I don't want to buy
no presents for nobody because of the economy and all that yeah I told them
once we're in Newbridge we'll all be doing our business on gold toilets
Well, you know, the Newbridge is a moderately sized town.
Yeah, but we're going to have gold toilets.
I would hope you wouldn't necessarily put all the money into that.
They're already on order.
Okay.
Yeah.
And no arguments, okay, Tom?
No arguments?
Yeah, this one's on use.
So the people of Newbridge are already in the hole because you're spending the money like a maniac.
No, I'm not. I heard you're a bad boy.
What's that?
I heard you were a bad boy this year.
I don't know what you're talking about.
You didn't pay your taxes for 2008?
uh... definitely well i didn't pay them yet
i'm going to
okay
i'm talking about your fun tax
what is a fun tax
you don't pay you don't get to have no fun in two thousand
a fun tax
i've never heard of a fun tax
which has got instituted
basically what you do is you sign your cars over to me
uh-huh
Okay. Oh, you can't wait.
Well, who is responsible for signing their cars over everybody?
Yeah, everybody.
Why?
Well, that's not.
I'm going to have like 50,000 cars.
Well, you know what?
This is a little, this is a little minute.
You're you have no concept of what being a mayor entails.
I guess if you're at home doing it and recreation, recreation, I'm not at home.
Where are you?
I'm in a parent teacher meeting. Why?
Well, I have a problem with that.
Why?
And you as mayor of Newbridge, I'm going to have a real problem with it.
I'm going to be everybody's teacher too.
You are in for a rude awakening when you realize...
I'm going to teach all the classes.
When you realize what Newbridge is about and what being a mayor is about, you are in for a shocker.
You're going to be in for a shocker. Literally.
Because the whip that the warrior's gonna hurt you with yeah, it's kind of electrodes on it. Oh great
Get ready for an electrode weapon
Look out new bridge. I'm coming
Great that's what we have to any hangs up. All right
I don't know what to do anymore.
He's a hootin' a holler from the start of the day to give up to the dark of the night
That it's ringing like a bell, that you only want to follow.
Gotta trust me when I say, I'm just trying to get it right.
Still, I think about myself as a lucky old dreamer.
And if you're asking me to tell, is it worth what I paid?
And you're gonna hear me say,
Hell yeah it is,
And I said loud,
I loved it all,
And I'm not too proud,
I freed my soul,
Just let it fly,
Hell yeah this crazy life around me,
Confuses and confounds me, but it's all the life I've got until I die
Hell yeah
If you're asking for my time
Isn't much left to give you
Been around a good long while
So I got to say it fast
Time is all we'll ever need, but it's gotta have a meaning.
You be careful how it's spent, cause it isn't gonna last.
I hear you wondering out loud.
Are you ever gonna make it?
Alright.
Will you ever work it out?
I gotta do it.
Will you ever take a chance?
Well, I just believe you can, and yeah, you will.
I will.
You're gonna be okay.
I'm gonna be okay, and you might get lost.
I'm lost right now.
But then you'll find a way.
Good.
Don't go long.
Thank you, Neil Diamond.
You're my only friend.
You're my only friend.
You're my friend too, Mike.
If I'm you, you're on the air. Hi, Tom. Hi, who's this? Hey, happy doll holidays. Rather, it's Steven North Hollywood.
How are you, Steve? Pretty good, sir. I'm in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, celebrating.
It's been some year for you, Steve. You've seen the highest of the high and the lowest of the low.
So as far as the best show has gone, you started off as a breakout superstar, then things
turned hard and they turned downwards.
You actually retired for a little bit while you tried to find your footing.
And then you, now, you've kind of clawed your way back to where you are, you're respectable
now.
Well, thank you, sir.
That means a lot coming from you.
Oh, well, it's true.
It's true.
I speak the truth.
So did you get anything from Nate, your buddy Nate, for Christmas?
No, not yet.
He'll probably have something for me when he gets back to town.
What's he up to now?
He's back east as well visiting his family, you know drinking eggnog and
Even turkey, I guess your friend Nate who's the one of the stars of drill bit Taylor
That's correct, and now can be seen in the hit movie role models
Yes, which is great
even with Nate I
Like look I got no problem with Nate. What's his name Nate? Nate Fredricks?
No, uh, uh, hardly.
Nate Hartley?
Yes, sir.
Nate Hartley, young man, young actor, trying to make his mark in show business.
I hung up on him.
Well, he called up.
Please tell him I wish the best for him this holiday season.
I definitely already have, and I will remind him again.
Hey, do you spoke for me?
Well, I mean...
I don't like that.
I don't like that.
What if I didn't wish him the best?
i'll tell him that you wish him the best for the holidays thank you
last time i told him that you know he was off the hook that
that you were giving him some leeway and what does he say
who cares
no he said that's great and said i want to
calling again
but i told him we can't call in unless we're listening to the show live yes
let's not rush it
certainly
let's not rush it
steve and nate
problem
so tell me
young man
what to what to what do i have the pleasure of this call
i just want to call with you happy holidays
but wishes if i remember correctly from that that's sweet i appreciate that
that pretty much it i got one goofy uh... christmas present already
what did you get
uh... friend of mine at work uh... this girl she was you know we did a secret
Santa
and she drew my name out of the hat and frankly to my delight she got me
mama Mia on DVD and CD like a like a like a two for yeah so I was like all
right I'm keeping it no no give back did you sing along with it already not
yet it's still all wrapped up but I like I said I'm gonna crack it open and I'm
not giving it back to it that's for sure I'm not returning it good well why
would you I'm keeping it I love it and I haven't even seen it yet you know what
you're gonna love it you're gonna love you're gonna be dancing all around
this what you're gonna do you're gonna find a doc and you're gonna dance on it
like like the characters in Mamma Mia we're doing it have fun you're gonna buy
a pair of overalls and you're gonna find a doc and you're gonna dance up and
down it like Meryl Streep and sing my heart out to Pierce Broadman yes yes so
what do you want from 2009 Steve from North Hollywood what do I want from
2009 that's a very good question sir probably you know just a little more
success maybe a new car pretty soon and you know to not have to not have to
pick up Nate Hartley's underwear for him to get a car too so that I don't
You have to drive around so much.
You can get a dope car.
So you guys are like a low rent entourage.
Driving around in a beater around LA.
Exactly.
Then I'll send you right to life.
Mmm.
Mmm.
Trying to start it.
Mmm.
It goes like this.
Like my mind.
Mmm.
Whenever it won't start.
Think it's the alternator because you just get that low buzz when your car is dead
Is there anything worse than when the alternator goes on your car and your car is just saying I'm dead
I'm dead. I can't think of what it would be
I can't think of what it would be sir. Oh
Steve from North Hollywood. I salute you for this call. Thank you, sir
You have you have played out the entire arc this year, and you're back on top well not on top
Okay, the middle you're in the back in the middle back in the middle and thank you first
You know, thank you for caring enough to fight your way back into the middle. I
Told you I'm a very first call that show is one of those things
We're fighting for thank you Steve
Ooh, all right, boss, let me get out of here.
Great, okay, thank you.
Have a great night.
You too.
Call me boss.
What are we, the luncheonette?
Hey, boss.
Hey, boss, what do you want, exiled sandwich?
Boss.
Went to Home Depot the other day.
Hey, your girlfriend at the Home Depot.
reference to the best show from four years ago
I went to Home Depot to get
a rock salt yesterday
just because I needed more of it
I'm at the Home Depot looking for rock salt
the guy says, yeah we're out of it
I asked where it is, we're out of it
Great Home Depot out of rock salt the the third week of December. They've already run out of rock salt
Home Depot knows how these
These seasons work don't they do they know?
There'll be a bunch of seasons and then some of them it gets colder and then in one of them
Ice falls from the sky and then we put rock salt on top of it
Yeah, we're out of it. The Home Depot didn't know to order rock salt for the winter.
I hate Home Depot. That is the dumpiest store on earth.
Makes me miss channel.
I hate hardware stores. I gotta say, now that I think about it, hardware stores,
That's the last place I want to be.
When I was a kid, I used to hate furniture stores and hardware stores.
I ended up at a furniture store with my mother
or a hardware store with my father.
Never anything so boring.
At least, and I always, you know, the furniture store, I get tired.
I say, if I go in one now, I start getting tired.
Like I want to lay on the, like there's beds and stuff.
It's like I feel, like I feel so tired in them
that I just, I could fall asleep.
We went to, one time I was looking for a bed
and I tested, I know joke, I was testing a bed out.
I fell asleep in it, in a store.
That feeling, I can feel it now.
I'm actually starting to get sleepy,
thinking about what it's like being in a furniture store.
You know what?
That's the topic!
Let's do this.
I will call this topic,
no, not the most boring stores.
That's what Mike said, the most boring.
Yeah, most boring stores, trust me.
If I say most boring stores,
it's either going to be furniture stores
hardware stores. All the calls we're going to get. What do you think somebody's going
to call? I think Toys R Us is boring. Chinese takeout is boring for Mike. But I want to
talk about the thing that if you think about it now, you literally are transported to that
moment when you're a kid. And you can feed, you can actually, you're hardwired to feel
the emotion again from it. You know what I'm talking about, Mike? Sort of. Right, this
topic's a dud. This topic's DOA. I'm calling this topic, what am I a kid again? 201-209-9368
here on WFMU East Orange WXHD Mount Hope World War One World War Web at WFMU.org it's
the best show on WFMU, my name is Tom Sharpling, the host of tonight's installment and this
topic is called what am I a kid again? When you were in that moment as an adult and all
of a sudden you feel the sense memory come back, it's like it's in your DNA now. FMU
you're on the air
great great topic as soon as you started
uh... this is charlie the addict by the way i'm sorry i had to rush off earlier
uh... it's okay charlie go ahead and put a great well what what's going to be like
for you uh...
first time you've caught an eight ball
that's interesting but no we're talking about
uh... are you and uh...
mine is actually it is a horrible memory but there's a twinge of nostalgia
it's going to the beauty parlor
with
my mother yes
so she could get her hair done yes into that
establishment
the cigarette smoke
and
aerosol fumes
charlie
i never thought i'd say this
you
have just uh... you were just responsible for a great call that you
meant
to be great
i really mean that that i know i agree with you one thousand percent
it's that feeling
i can feel that now you just said beauty parlor i might as well be in one right
now
with my mother
you have no idea
how difficult it is for me
to
get drugs tonight
just the press
this is the panel of all of
the beginning of
aspiration when somebody breaks out an aerosol can for any reason
because it transports me it is a sense memory reminds me of the uh...
the experience i had at the least rusperer theater institute on fifteen
street
we were learning stanislovski part
another go ahead quickly
we were studying stanislovski's method which was a system of
of technique that an actor would use to arrive at an emotion
despite not being in a chronologically ordered play it was
it was connected to the Moscow art theater in in russia so the russia and
there were several theaters and the same actors from the true performed in
different place simultaneously so they had to be in having a sense memory
from one role to the other and stanis flop
since i was just where by you could arrive
at the appropriate of motion necessary for the scene without having had the
chronological continuity of the story to take you there
and it just so happened
that it it had a renaissance when film acting
needed something similar and uh... if you remember uh... brand-o
The act
My god
Not gonna listen to that
Okay, actually was responding. Okay. Okay snatch it
Defeat from the jaws of victory with that call
FM you you're on the air. Hi Tom happy holidays. Oh holidays to you. Who's this?
This is Maggie from Carney. I would have to say the most boring shopping
experience or store is going into a cell phone store because you walk in there
unless you're buying a cell phone for the first time they're able to help you
but if it's anything else they kind of don't know what's going on or they tell
you that you have to go through some sort of third-party to get your phone
fixed. You can also count on it taking one hour at the very least. I agree I
I agree, and I if you're going into some shady store in like Jersey City right on
Journal Square and they're you know they're they're basically like a cell phone
provider store it's just like a bunch of guys like in sweat suits and you're
just like hmm is this facility a questionable establishment where I or
reputable establishment where I can buy a cell phone or is this money going to
This is what I'll say. This is what I'd say about this. I am I am they I am mr.
Small business, okay when it comes down to it you got to get you know you support
the real local retailers you know that's that's who you put your one except when
it comes to cell phones okay stores cell phones I can't and you know it's
like hey my cell phone's not working let me go back to that place and then you
go in
yeah and the guy that it's like they're you know they're they're selling uh...
you know
i don't know they're selling uh... i don't know what they're selling travel
insurance
i don't know
or you're able to pay your key if you need to go at the same place which is
very very sketchy mcveg
um...
it it's just wrong legum
i get to keep that every time i walk in and i'm just like
i hear you mary i hear you
it
following mike's topic
most boring store that's not the topic
mike throws that out
think everybody's like that topic more
then what my kid again
fm you you're on the air
i come it's a mirror in florida some air florida quality call how are you
well thanks for happy December wishes to you and miss barberry
well thank you
i appreciate that
uh... problem
i actually have something for the topic that's not about
terrible shops
let's hear it's a mere
well when i was younger i remember
whenever we'd go out where i'd go out with my parents to their friends
place for dinner especially when i was
i know under twelve
A lot of their friends didn't have kids of my age and so didn't really know what to do to entertain me so much
So it always be like and you can sit in this room and watch TV and we'll call you and dinner's out
So I just remember sitting a lot of time just my sister and I
At all at other people's houses watching their TV. I know that's going to
And it's just kind of you know a little out of place and a bit weird and this week
I'm home with my parents for the holiday
and we've been to a couple of places like that and again
their friends don't have kids
or anyone really my age
and all i'm old enough to actually talk with adults they've still been
you want to go in there and just watch tv for a while
you're always the kids a mere
you're always the kid
i don't like it
let's say that the the die has been cast out
i guess so
you're always the kid
that's what it is
some of that's a quality call and i appreciate it
alright uh... happy holidays
same to you
fm you you're on the air
i don't
this is jack from mark and saw
jack from our concern how are you
good sir how are you doing to do an okay
all right
i would just want to let you know that i think uh... vitamin shop is uh...
a really boring store
the enter
we look at g and c sports center or any of places
absolutely
why did you change why did you change the name of that place to muscle powder
shop
call it is
there's like a small shelf with anything that's not
like protein shakes
and he needs to get some uh...
need to get some uh... acid awful is the vitamin c uh... capital
yet going back there over there behind uh...
if there's eight aisles of uh... of a muscle powder and then i think we have
them i think it's behind
some protein powder
10 pounds of protein powder, please, and those jugs. What are those guys doing with those things? What are those?
How much powder is in that thing?
These things are like these things are like barrels
I worked with a guy who was into that stuff and it would like he would literally eat like five scoops at every meal
Yeah
Yeah, you know that is that's trembling eagle so that is
that dimwit that's the one who's using that stuff guys gonna tell me I don't
I'm not living my life I'm not living my life out of a barrel full of powder
email but guys busy he's listening to uh listening to a natural born killer
soundtrack while I'm making some protein shake as he's at the gym yes yeah anyone
goes to the look anybody at a gym has bad taste in music
it's probably learning it with the stuff he likes over the p a
thank you what jack your equality caller also inequality
poster also i notice your posts over at friends of tom dot com slash forum
thank you tom
i'm glad i found they are
you're showing in the font and everything i'm glad you're here also you
have a happy happy holidays
thank you sir you too
fm you you're on the air
hi tom stan and hoboken
dan and hoboken o seven o three out
you got it
we're going over to uh... benny to dino's tonight
you know not tonight slice
not tonight stop by max wells
you'll attend it
on it may be those
i would like it to be impossible to get tickets
it is it's hard to sell out right away
So I didn't get to go.
Anyway, I got something from the topic.
Let's hear it, Dan.
So when I was a kid, I guess we didn't go out to eat much.
So we'd always eat at home.
And I was kind of hardwired to get up from the table
when I was done and clear my things.
So when we would go out to eat, I used to hate
when my parents would pay with a card.
Because I wanted to eat and then get up and leave.
So when they left cash, we could just leave.
But with the card, it's like wait for the waiter to come over
and then run it and then come back and find it and you should drive me nuts
and still to this day
they i have to like suppress that urge
of like wanting to get up as soon as as soon as it's over and like if someone
paying by the
like i always have cash with me but if i'm with someone that's paying with
cards just like oh i want to get up i want to go
yeah you just say that's it so even now you feel that
that rush of
i want to go i'm done eating
and i know it's obnoxious because some people want to know have coffee and
enjoy their dinner and i'm just like and feel like
you know like
like jacket half on one arm
but uh... yeah that that's my child like that
oh dan i hear you on that one
say it now we gotta start so in in in interjecting the uh
title of this topic into its sake
waiting for the waiting for the bill to get paid what am i a kid again
waiting for the bill to get paid what am i a kid again
thank you dan
the phone number two oh one two oh nine nine three six eight
the topic is
what am i a kid again it's not boring
stores
not the topic
maybe
all right you know we'll do
let some of your topics the list of your people through
that's for the mic show out there
there are there is a mic show by the way people think i'm exaggerating
he's on the phone
i think i can hear
him out there
he is doing a show out there
i must are calling his show
fm you you're on the air
yeah hi tom uh... i know you're against hardware stores
well who's this what's your name madam
uh... my name is caroline and i'm from orange new jersey
was a quality uh... qualities uh... town
yes it is because i live here anyway
you were talking about hardware stores being a boring
uh... store i would like to uh...
counter that by saying that
the hardware stores in orange and west orange
absolutely fabulous
okay
well i know who who who owns it you
No, I don't. I just patronize them. For instance, Schneider Brothers on Main Street in West
Orange is an old, old, old hardware store where you go in there. If you happen to have
an old house where you need a part for an old thing that you have, they have that.
Do you know their phone number? No. Do you want to give that out too for this commercial
you're doing? I'm not doing a commercial. I just patronize
them i don't have their phone number of brothers on main street in orange
now it's west orange west orange will they say you have a lot of
now it doesn't matter if you get a five percent discount they mentioned you
no no no no
it's just an old old store and there's two brothers that that own it and it's
just like this
are they tonight or brothers
here they are
And they have all the appliances, they have all, like, you know, mixers and if you need
a little wheel that goes on something that's in your house, they have it.
It's just an old freaky hardware store.
Do they let you smoke in there?
I don't think so.
When you go in smoking, you put your cigarette out first?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
How many parts we smoke in there, moms?
How many...
How many packs a day?
Me?
Yeah.
I probably spoke half a pack a day.
Okay, it's time to stop.
Why do you ask?
It's time to stop.
Excuse me?
It's time to stop smoking.
Oh, I realize that.
It's just very difficult.
I have people telling me that all the time, but thank you very much.
This is what you do.
You want to stop smoking?
I'll tell you how you do it.
Every time you want to smoke a cigarette,
you splash some cold water on your face.
No, I don't think that would work.
Have you tried it?
No.
Okay.
Then how do you know it won't work?
I just have a feeling.
Okay.
What other store do you want to promote?
Hurry up, please.
Okay.
Orange Valley Hardware, if you go in there,
that's on Freeman Street in Orange.
If they don't have what you want, they will direct you to other hardware stores in the area.
How much hardware are you buying, by the way?
I have a 100-year-old house, so you know, I do occasionally need hardware.
Does it want...
No.
It isn't.
No, it's not haunted.
There's no ghosts.
No.
No ghouls.
No, no, no.
No goblins.
Do you ever see any weird dude with his head turned backwards walking down the hall at you?
Absolutely not.
Like walking like a spider?
Nope.
No.
And then there's also...
There's not weird kids with little lines.
No.
There's also Main Street Hardwear.
Help me!
Help me!
Main Street Hardwear in West Orange where if you have a bunch of old broken down plumbing supplies,
you go in there with the bag of the old stuff handed to him
and he just goes up and down the ladder and hand it to you
i'm going to let you know
pregnant do they perform exorcisms
do they clear your house of ghosts
it's not necessary
it's not
it's not enough
brothers to revenge
not necessary i'm just letting it out there's a whole network of fabulous
i can say that i can say this
all of those stores sound completely boring heave hoe
fm you you're on my air you're on my air
i thought i'm spoonie brook i know i'm doing okay spoon equality caller
are you
thank you i was just thinking that if i had a hardware store
i don't want to employ the people who's had turned to be under sixty degrees
yet so that when they turned with the one browner shoulder there
you avoid those three to two scenarios where they're
clobbering all your customers in the forehead and you prevent shoplifting
that's right
go on to give it a shot
it might be more terrifying you have something for the topic spony
i do uh... when i was uh...
let's hear it
or let's do it
uh... when i was eighteen
Rochester Museum of Science
and learning uh... had a special expo on pro comics
and sort of promote that they put this giant label spider-man
uh... radio tower
headed jennedy river
what i did i did not know about this road driven by and i thought of the
core of my eye for split second
i thought that spider-man on the tower
more appropriately
not only was i ten-year-old that were in that moment but
my first thought was
what he doing in a Rochester this is
this must be a big deal
now was it say this spider-man was larger than scale i'm assuming it was
gigantic
but for a split-second
that twenty-foot salt spider-man
what spider-man
this has to be this has to be bad if he's in rochester
of course i snapped out of it a heartbeat later but
yeah drove on and offer a couple yards on i just really thought that was
spider-man but now every time you see spider-man
did do you all of a sudden feel that memory rush back
i was so depressed a heartbeat afterwards because i knew that i would never
believe like that ever again
look at the
with the stony water studios i got that giant spider-man hanging in the lobby
there
that thing
always brought about a little bit of melancholy to my day
so spider-man so let's hear say spider-man what am i a kid again
what am i a kid again
spoonie i hope you i wish to you nothing but happy
holidays
i want you to have the best two thousand nine time thank you
uh... goodness
twitter dot com that's where it's going down
twitter dot com slash
sharpling
that's my twitter account you go over there
you catch my updates
take a little look into my life
a hundred forty characters are less at a time
i also uh... am writing a novel
on twitter
it is the uh... the novel
that i've uh... been
born to write it's called fuel dump
and it's very exciting
people are thrilling to it
and also have a series of jokes i put up every day called sharplings twitter
tidders
jokes guaranteed to make you the life of any party
fm you you're on the air
Hi who's this? Emma from Toronto. Emma from Toronto. You are a quality. You are a high quality
caller. Not just a quality caller. Top notch. What are you doing tonight? I'm all right.
I'm freezing actually. Is it cold up there? It's cold and there's a terrifying apocalyptic
snowstorm happening. Really? It feels like we're all going to be buried by the end of
the night. So it's snowing right now? It is. It's snowing right now even as we speak.
how many inches have fallen so far
i have no idea
do you know how many they say would go by the time it's done how many will have
fallen
um... people were not really
saying
like people really measuring it people were just complaining about it on the
radio
the last time i listened
so you but that's how it is in toronto that it's nose
you take your lumps
you shovel out
exactly wait till april
We got the power shovel already.
Now, do you do that?
Or is it a power shovel?
Are you in charge of the power shovel?
I am not, as a matter of fact.
I used to shovel the walk, but then my dad got this thing,
and he's all excited about it.
So do you make the hot chocolate inside
while he's doing the power shovel?
Exactly.
It's a nice, cozy, domestic thing.
It's a good setup.
You've got it all figured out, Emma.
I think so.
Thank you, Tom.
I have something for the topic.
Let's hear it.
When I was about six, I ran in front of like a swing set while there was a guy swinging on it
And he kicked out my two front teeth
How old were you?
I was like six
Six
Yeah
And this is a full grown adult
I didn't really, I mean he seemed like a full grown adult to me
But like he's probably like 12 or something
So he's swinging on this thing
And I was running forward and I was like, this is like my baby teeth and he just like,
I, he just connected because he couldn't stop himself in time.
And so my two front teeth, like I had no two front teeth for like three years before my
adult teeth grew in.
And so I was like super self-conscious about it and I like never, you know, like in pictures
I wouldn't open my mouth when I was smiling or whatever.
And every single Christmas, every adult saw me, even like a stranger on the street, friends
of my grandparents, friends of my parents, would go, I know what you want for Christmas.
Oh brother.
All you want for Christmas is your two front teeth, right, right?
And they'd be all like, you know, smiling and I would have to be like, ah, ah, ah, yes.
And still, to this very day, this is like, you know, 12 years later, I still, you know,
like I meet people who are friends with my parents or whatever, and they still say to me, so for Christmas.
So you might as well be six again, as far as there is.
Exactly, and I totally, I get that flashback, like I feel about no feet tall.
Yes.
I get all embarrassed and I have no idea what to say, I just kind of mumble.
It's awesome, it's a good feeling.
Well Emma, that is a fantastic call from a fantastic caller.
Well thank you very much, Tom.
I thank you for it, and I say to you, nothing but the happiest.
happiest of holidays for you and
and the same to you sir thank you
thank you have a great night
you too
fm you you're on the air
okay tom it's a roy from new york how are you roy from new york what part of
new york are you and roy
uh... manhattan
what part of manhattan roy
washington heights
fancy out
yet
and now i i i'm not
the way of fun appear
what kind of fun do you have up in washington heights
uh... well i'm uh... currently sitting in my bedroom listening to the best show
and that's fun enough for me
you want to know what thank you for that royal appreciate that
you got it you're an alright guy
i'm starting to tease you a little bit i'm gonna back off
well thanks man i like you roy
well thank you thank you
That means a lot actually, I'm a huge fan of the show.
Oh, thank you.
I appreciate you being on board.
Yeah.
So did you have anything for the topic?
I do.
Are you familiar with a store called Spencer's Gifts?
Yes, it's really a gag gift shop.
It's like they're in malls a lot of the time.
And they're like gifts that are either dirty or goofy
Or just, it's just garbage.
It's a kind of junk that you get as a gift.
And then you just like, you're like, ah, ha, ha, ha.
And then you're like, then you're cleaning your house
a year later, and you see this thing collecting dust
on a shelf, you're like, well, that was fun for one night.
Yeah, exactly.
Exactly.
It's something like you get like at an office party
or something, like a bank, like a bank where the,
it's a bank of a guy and his pants fall down
something stupid like that
well that yeah it would be like a gag gift and then like it would
randomly that they felt like lava lamps and strobe lights
it was kind of a mishmash of
of junk yeah
uh...
uh... yeah i mean
i'm sorry a lot of posters expensive
yeah i got a lot of posters a lot of
lot of raunchy poster that like dirty posters like uh...
like all these women in bikinis holding like giant uh...
mugs of beer
yeah
this is the life
here
right
oh man
um...
i i i hate to admit this but i'd used to go into those shops when i was a
little kid just because
i was kind of
because to me it was just sort of like a raunchy
you know it was exciting at the time that it was the kind of thing you were
allowed to do you got a look at adulthood
yeah exactly kid
yeah
but but for some reason these days when i whenever i walk into like uh...
like a ricki's and why see or something like that it just reminds me of those
places uh-huh or like any like how we know that
which is like how we know that there's a fine shop don't get me wrong but like
any time
i walk into any of those places i just think of Spencer's gifts and it
kind of makes me sad a little bit so uh... but it's a you know one thing
Spencer's get Spencer gifts had a lot of
was uh... smells
Oh, oh my god, yeah.
They were all like weird candles and all kinds of junk there
that had sense to it.
Sometimes if I smell something, it
will remind me of a place like that.
Some weird, like, I think, you know, like the incense.
There's a lot of incense that spends their gifts.
That's true, actually, yeah.
and then uh... yeah it was a mission is a mishmash of junk and is like the
incense next to like the fake vomit and uh... cowbell or whatever it was for
everybody
and that's right
was garbage for all ages
uh... really
yet is a good call i appreciate it
thank you tom you have a lovely evening all thanks and you have a great uh...
great holiday season
you too sir thank you
the phone numbers two oh one two oh nine
9368th, the topic is, what am I a kid again?
Mike said this topic wouldn't work.
He wanted us to do boring stores.
His first of all, that call would not have applied
because Spencer gifts was anything but boring.
Maybe I'll open a Spencer gifts.
Maybe that's what I need to do.
Open a store.
I'll open a store with Mike.
Just selling stuff like that.
Let Mike run his corner of the store, his weird merchandise, little strotosec action
and figures with his little Lars Von Trier banks.
I saw this movie the other day called Heckled.
It's called Heckled. It's a starring documentary starring Jamie Kennedy made by Jamie Kennedy
all about the phenomena of Hecklers and what the mentality is behind that and he was like
basically this movie is watching him have a nervous breakdown because he made the movie
Son of the Mask and it boils down the first half of the movie has a lot of comedians talking
But hey, when you're doing stand-up and somebody heckles you, this is what it's like. This is what I think the psychology behind that is
It's fine. That's the first third of the movie
The other two-thirds of the movie is basically
Jamie Kennedy
Talking to people from film review sites on the internet
Hectoring them to admit why they didn't like the movie son of the mask that he did. Well, you mean you didn't like it
What do you mean?
You're saying I stink.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Did this guy see Son of the Mask?
It's not very good.
At all.
But see, you're putting me down in this.
Yeah.
What do you want everybody to admit to some conspiracy
where it's like, all right, Jamie, I'll admit this.
Like they want to show some guy with the black, like blacked out in silhouette with his voice.
I write for a film review site and my editor told me that I had to give a bad review to
son of the mask.
I really enjoyed the movie.
I thought it was very funny.
I thought you were especially good in it.
But there's a larger conspiracy here, Jamie.
You might want to stay away from it.
It goes deeper than you can even imagine.
So you're saying that you like some of the masks?
I love some of the masks.
But you're playing with fire here, Jamie Kennedy.
Stay away.
There's something at work here.
You're going to get in trouble if you go any deeper.
These people do not mess around.
really is you're watching this guy have a nervous breakdown
why don't you like some of the mask
if I'm you you're on the air
hi this is Rick and Bernersville
Rick and where Bernersville New Jersey Berners the home of
most famous person of Bernersville is Meryl Streep right
I'm going to go into my grandparent's house when I must have been 11, 12 years old.
We're in the station wagon and I'll be a little stinker to my father.
A little stinker.
What are you doing?
A little rascals.
A little lysenheimer that day.
I can remember it.
How old are you?
80?
Stinker.
Wysenheimer.
What were you doing, dip in someone's pigtails in the inkwell?
I think I might have all the six kids, probably.
I'm not going to interfere with your story, please go ahead.
My father says you wise off one more time, I'm going to get out of the car and hit you, beat you or whatever.
I do high-wise-off. He pulls the car over on a regular city street
And he gets out to to come around to the backside to get me and two double-room ventures come running at him
They go crazy at him
He has to run back into the driver's seat and jump in the door and close it. What do you I'm in the way back of a station wagon?
What do you Damien?
All the kids are laughing my mother's laughing and he starts laughing and then
and uh...
levity breaks around the car it was fantastic
well that the thing is that what i was watching at magnum p.i. reruns
when he's using a polo and i can run across the
hickens' lawn
i think back finally that memory
every time
all right
that ended in a different way than i thought so because
the magnum p.i. is twenty-five years old
that's why i want to rerun now
but that story that initial story
your dad's like well i'm going to show you something i'm going to teach you
i'm pulling over
i've had it
and any any steps out of the car now i'm going to teach you a lesson
whoa
yeah you get a steam in his eyes
that is hilarious
i love it thanks for that
fm you you're on the air
uh... yeah i can my name is charlie
charlie who are we're going to do for you charlie
well i've got to talk about spent to get reminded me of uh... something to
happen to me when i was just the same charlie who's been calling all night
now what's that mike
the different charlie
yeah i'm not sure idiotic
charlie
anyway so i have that is your answering machine message
i mean it's your cell phone ringer
from a popa grandage village
take up a lot of time off jolly
i've heard that before
uh...
all right so get down to it
when i was i was like twelve years old i used to go to a little bit more all the
time
and the right next door which i used to walk to it
and uh...
uh... it's meant to get that just like the other guy that he said
like to look at the stuff and
how old are you at this point
paint the picture twelve-year-old
what what are we talking the eighties
talking to seventy sevenies you're going into a spencer gift
i'm going out there i'm by myself
does this mall have a subaros yet
now this is about fifteen years before subaros came along
what what would want to eat at this mall
let's see they had a hot shops cafeteria they had uh...
a chick-fil-a
friendly ice cream friend
no there
what did you like to get it friendlies
i got the fribble
you like it
jim dandy was uh... uh... an annual tree
but uh...
yeah
this is before i was making my way friend is actually but
so i'm in spanish i'm looking at this stuff
and it's all man comes up to me
and he wants to take me to the movies
now at the time the little bit more you should show porno movies
right in the mall
yet the little cinema
and i was thinking why i never saw skin flick i kind of
kind of interested
so
the guy takes me actually did take me to this place i don't remember it
and he bought me something to eat
and i
let me hold on to hold on
is this going to end
good or bad i think i can and badly it's not going to
okay
but it could end badly
yes all clear all my
clearly it could have i think we can all see where it could have gone
always terrible but so you buy some of them to let her know that i was going to
be late coming home for dinner
and i told her why i said
well because i was in spencer gifts and i i saw so many what's it take me to the
movie she says don't go anywhere and she came down she picked me up and it
wasn't until years later that thought about what could have been but yeah
some old prevert patrolling them all patrolling Spencer gifts I don't want
and about the time she got there that guy was long gone to yeah look yeah yeah
I never saw skin flick before figured I go check one out exactly that that's
was my friend of mine but uh...
mom didn't see it out of the same way
thankfully
yes thankfully
but that's my uh... that's my uh... that's your christmas story thank you so
much for a wonderful my heartwarming christmas story and i hope i get up
yeah exactly
the best of the season to you also
evo
nightmare
yeah i then the guy comes up to who goes ready to if his mother didn't tell
him know he was gonna go into the theater with this old man like any of these
stories sick skin flick yeah I never saw a skin flick before sure y'all go yeah
let's do it hey he's gonna buy the ticket he took
We've something to eat
He's taking them for a phrase that he liked fribbles. Yeah, I got a Jim Dandy
Gonna get a Jim Dandy
Hey, would you like to get a Jim Dandy little boy?
You want to reach this piece of Sunday
Hey, disgusting.
It's a disgusting world we live in.
201, 209, 9368 is the number.
The topic is, what am I, a kid again?
It's when you have those memories.
I even know what memory that guy was talking.
Wait a minute.
I just realized that guy had nothing to do
with the topic it is one of the tellers creepy story yeah this is not this is
we're not looking for the topic is not tales of Spencer gifts is it Spencer
gifts or Spencer's gifts I'm not even sure now who's this per this creep
Spencer isn't my dream I'm gonna open his door it's gonna sell every piece of
dirty merchandise out there. I wanted all dirty posters, sleazy black lights,
bongs, everything. Softcore pornographic banks will sell all of it and it will be in every mall.
This will never happen, Spencer. You're a dreamer, Spencer. You'll never make it happen.
Do you want it to meet with me? I don't want to meet with the head of the bank.
Yes, what is your idea, Mr. Spencer? I want to open the chain. It's going to be amazing.
Every sleazy merch every piece of sleazy merchandise available. I will sell under one roof
Pet rocks
Everything it will be it will be a clearinghouse for garbage
We're going to deny your requests for a loan
should make this movie. They should make it like that if they could make that movie
about Greg Keneer inventing windshield wipers or whatever that thing was, which
I finally saw in an IMAX theater. That was a great movie in an IMAX.
There was an amazing scene when he told his family he was thinking about
quitting at their dining room table that really leapt off the screen in IMAX.
It was great to see that three stories high.
I'm going to go see that movie, Nothing But The Truth in IMAX.
It's very exciting.
Kate Beckinsdale as a reporter.
That'll be another great IMAX movie.
Mike said he's going to see doubt in IMAX.
What is, who scheduled these movies on Christmas by the way?
What monster is coming up with?
Hey, let's put the movie about the priest, the perverted priest, on there, the good Nazi.
We'll put that one out there.
And we'll also have this spirit open.
creepy like super violent like vaguely retro superhero thing what there's one
other one oh Marley and me with a dog which I'm not gonna ruin the ending of
that thing but oh brother I won't see that thing on Christmas you couldn't pay
Marley and me you would have to pay me I'm not kidding on this seven thousand
dollars to see that movie Marley and me. Plus you'd have to buy my ticket. FMU you're on the air.
Hi Tom, my name is Jia. I'm a first time caller. Where are you calling from Jia?
Sunset Park Brooklyn. How are things in Sunset Park? They're pretty good. They're good. I love it.
Do you have something for the topic? How are you? I'm doing oh thank you for asking. I'm doing fine.
Thank you.
Good.
I thought I would be a first time caller before the first of the new year instead of
starting off the new year as a first time caller.
That's a smart movie.
You got it under your belt now.
I'd finished the new year or finished the old year as a first time caller.
Indeed.
Indeed.
So I do have a story for the topic.
It's about my brother.
Yes.
I don't know if you have any siblings, but I used to fight like hell with my brother.
Is he older or younger than you? He's older, but that didn't seem to stop him or me. How much older was he? How much older?
He's about a year and a half two years almost
Close pretty close. What did he like but taller?
Not punching more like you know pinning me down and and tormenting me a lot of tormenting
Anyway, so in our older age, not that we're that much older, but you know, we went to
college and kind of post-college when we found ourselves on a plane together for the first
time in, I don't know, maybe 10 years or something.
So we're walking down the aisle and I'm thinking, I'm in front of him, I'm thinking I'm going
to get the window seat and you know it was just that feeling that came over me
like like ha ha you know I'm gonna get the good seat and we get to the aisle
and I throw my bag down I throw my stuff on the seat claiming the window seat as
mine and I sort of turn around to throw something in the overhead
compartment. And by the time I turn around, he's in the window seat. So, of course, we
start bickering and yelling at each other and fighting, and the poor guy in the aisle
seat looks at us as if we're completely mad. And I turn to him and, you know, I say, he's
my brother. But it was just that feeling of walking down the aisle and being in front
of him knowing that I got that seat, you know, after all those years of not being, you know,
in each other's presence so much or fighting at least.
That was it.
That's a nice story.
That's a nice family-oriented story.
A sibling rivalry at an adult age.
Yes, it still comes back, right?
It still came back with full of vengeance.
i mean there is no tormenting but there is definitely that like no that's my
seat
that's my seat you know what i like you better than your brother
well thank you
will you have a great uh... holiday season
and he was calling in two thousand eight
also appreciated
okay
fm you you're on the air
hi tom it's not in virginia mat in virginia how are you tonight
i'm doing great how are you doing tom doing all right
well i had a couple of things for the topic
i can't wait to hear it
i uh... i was back home i grew up in missouri and i was back home last year
zara
uh... i'll never recognize missouri
you don't say that zara
didn't know either one is good but i always say missouri
that did you have spencer gifts out there spencers gifts
you know we did have shopping malls yes and they they did have spinters
gift there
to them looking at their website
right now
and there's one thing who's brock lezner
brock lezner yeah
he uh... he was a professional wrestler
and now he's an ultimate fighter
all that said garbage ultimate fighting
that that guy trembling eagle at caller likes
yeah he uh...
he has this about the size of ham hogs and he makes
he makes a living trying to cripple people
yeah cuz there's a there's a thing on their Spencer's gift site
get Brock Lesnar's walkout tea exclusively at Spencer's
then it says win a chance to train with Brock Lesnar
a chance to
train with this guy well what's that in tell walking over to
gnc
and buy some kegs of uh... protein powder
probably more like me and connect
yeah exactly
in andro
but not using this guy i have no idea if this guy
i look at him he looks like he is that he'd like he uh... is muscular or by his
own steam like he has gotten there
he doesn't have that weird flabby
uh... bloated quality that people who do steroids have at all
i wouldn't say that
you know he should get a neck at some point though he should look into that
maybe some point someone can buy him a neck
christmas miracle
and says congratulations on the wind broke
like they put on the site
so Spencer's gifts apparently
it is entering into uh... merchandise for a mixed martial arts
so pretty much i can picture a day at the mall with trembling eagle
Let's go over to Spitzer's gifts.
I'm gonna get the new Brook Lesnar walkout tee.
It's the only place you can get it.
Hey, I'll swing over to GNC,
pick up a couple cags of protein powder.
That'll go over to,
yeah, then I'll stop into FYE
and pick up some new CDs.
Maybe they got the new nine inch nail CD.
And hey, maybe we can go beat up some kids at the hot topic.
All right, that was going too far.
You just crossed the line.
I'm kidding.
So, I'm sorry to interrupt your story, let's, let's, you go back to it, set the, set the
mood now.
And Missouri, we're in Missouri, one of the country's finest states.
Yeah, at least it's in the top 50.
Stanley, Stan Musial, all the greats who come out of Missouri, Stan Musial, Nellie, who
else?
Count Basie.
Count Basie.
Harriet Truman.
Okay.
Boy, this is a reach, Tom Behringer.
Wow.
We were on that list.
That list, you went from Harriet Truman to Tom Behringer, the star of the principal
for
or whatever it was the substitute
anyway let's go on with your story
so i'm right
uh... we're back in in the little town i grew up in about two thousand people
okay
right in my my mom's minivan
and uh...
i think we're headed north and uh... dialed to do some shopping
and she had to break hard
and she like whips a straight arm around in my chest like she can stop me
and uh...
you know i'm i'm kind of a big guy i i just look at her like
you know if if
if i weren't wearing my seat belt i'd just be a missile going out out of the
out of the window
but it's like i'm a kid again and she's gonna
she's gonna protect me she's gonna hold me back
so that feeling
of when you're a kid does that tie you have something to tie it in as an adult
well that happened i mean this happened when i was an adult all this just
happen i'm so sorry so it's happened your whole life
right if i'm i'm thirty four and i think i'm going out the car so i'm i
i miss i'm so i'm still thinking of brock lezner i'm sorry
my mind wandered i was thinking of brock lezner
so you as an adult are in the car with your mother all of a sudden she stops
short puts her arm in front of you
and your mother is a little older and you're a full grown adult
her arm will do nothing to stop you
No, it would snap like a twig as I shot out like a putty cannonball.
But it's her, but it is her following her instinct.
Yeah, yeah, just an instinct.
Hey, I do have one more that's just like a scent memory.
Sure.
If you ever come across a smell that's enough like a funnel cake,
you're instantly thinking about carnival rides and...
And shore trash.
i think if you're trash
me being on the boardwalk
looking at these weird uh...
the shore trash
chain to their booth
they'll live down the shore they go uh... run their their uh... sleazy uh...
booths on the boardwalk
making their funnel cake
zeppolis
pizza
heart disease
exactly
well they all team up to make heart disease
seeing Fredricks from Newport Richie trying to win cigarettes
at the wheel
yeah get my own capacity
is that a game
you got me on that one
so what is so what is so sent memory
i think that's a real common one yeah it triggers it triggers it for the final
where does the center funnel cake bring you back to
uh...
little independent promotion carnivals that come around to these small towns
yes
and they're all like death trap right yeah
there's my rule of thumb
if the ride if you can see the outlet for the ride
you don't go on it
like if you can see the the cord that the ride is plugged into
do not get on it
you're not supposed to see that
you are why
i am trying
thank you young man and you have a great holiday season
into you to think about
fun here best show style
disease commercial for
the doctor pepper commercial with the kelsey grammar
it's like him uh...
reprising his role as freezer basically
like he's hosting a radio show
then it's all that the doctor is in
this guy
pushing doctor pepper
then this guy have like heart surgery this year
like late
great message there
sky with sky was uh... on a death's door
and then now set six months later he's shoving soda down everybody's throats
that's great
thank thanks kelsey
star of an american carol which i plan on watching with my family on christmas
day
we can all reflect
talk about patriotic uh... actors in show business
a Robert Davy, John Voigt, Kelsey Grammer, Kevin Farley, I read a thing with Kevin Farley
when they were talking about that movie where he's like, I auditioned for it and then I
realized it's like, yeah, they're never going to want me because I'm a, I'm a conservative.
I can't wait.
It's like, yeah, you're a conservative.
Now, you wanted a job.
This guy would have done a movie, the Lyndon LaRouche story,
if they would have hired him.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, Tom, it's Martin from Edison.
How are you?
Martin from Edison, quality caller.
Thanks.
Just wanted, I don't have one for the topic.
I just wanted to thank you for making me laugh all year.
And I wanted to wish you a happy, haughty season.
Oh, that's sweet of you to say, Martin.
You're a good guy.
The truth.
You are a top notch gentleman.
And I hope that you have a fantastic holiday season
and an even better 2009.
Me too.
Thank you, Martin.
All right, have a good one.
You too.
Good call.
We got so much planned for 2009 for the best show.
So much planned.
but then there's these days where I don't know if I can do it
I don't know if I got what it takes to keep doing this show
all these great ideas all might be for not
it doesn't pan out
He's a hootin' of holler, from the start of the day to the dark of the night, and that
it's ringin' like a bill, if I'm you, you're on the air, that you only want to find.
Yeah, I found St. Studio City, how are ya?
Sean, from Studio City, is this a show business, Sean?
I'm just tryin' it.
I know, this isn't St. Sean, I've heard Sean on the air, but this is a different Sean.
How are you tonight, Sean?
Excellent. How are you doing Tom? How are things in studio city?
A little cold for California standards, but you know 75 degrees
Exactly exactly a sunny sunny 60 frigid out here. You go new killer shrimp tonight?
I know killer shrimp actually I think it closed down
Really? Yeah
I'm sorry in century city
No, there was one in studio city right at the street from my house, but it's like the
Colfax Lounge or something now changed.
I think they ended their shrimp career.
I have a friend who is a huge fan, or I guess I have to say now, was a huge fan of killer
shrimp.
Yeah, I never really got into it.
It had the goth waiting staff who was really rude and bothered by your presence, and they
had three items on the menu, so it really wasn't my scene.
So what can I do for you, Sean?
You got something for the topic?
Yeah, I was racking my brain.
And I came up with co-workers that act like children.
I work with a lot of guys, and there's
not a lot of supervisors around.
And they're just really vulgar and immature
and get into screaming matches in the middle of the workplace
and just behave like children.
It reminds me of when I was a kid
and just wondering why this is a marvel
that how rude and crude and abusive sometimes
other people can be and childlike.
And that's...
People are, you know what it is?
Sometimes people don't grow up.
They go right back to those same ways.
They fight like they were at nine.
yet and they just did they're they're doing it about more adult topics
but they still just do the same way
yet it's very mature but i just wanted to call and say thanks uh... like the
earlier callers
uh... you brought so many uh... last and and good times to me this year in the
past years and it's one of the things and thanks for turning on the so much
good music
thank you for that i you're a sweet
you're sweet to call and to say that
thanks, Tom. You have a great night, Sean, and have a happy holiday season.
You do the same, and if you get a chance, I'm sorry to
butt in, but if you get a chance, the worst mirror scene
is called Bottoms Up with Jason Hughes and Paris Hilton. I don't know if you've seen it, but...
I'm gonna check it out.
I gotta do real fast. Somebody sent me
something to open on the air, Christmas present,
to open on the air.
A lot of stuff, actually.
Heaven doesn't mind.
It's in a box for a game called Twixt.
That's here is a CD called The Sims 2.
I have a bonus DVD of The Sims 2.
Great.
I sent the soundtrack to the Bride of Chucky.
A book called Red Tape holds up New Bridge, feels like a DVD, a movie starring the insane
in clown posse called big money hustlers
starring look at this
smoothie
insane clown posse co-star nik fault mik foley the wrestler
jerky boys creator johnny brennan
fred rerun berry
there's another thing wrapped in a hoo
poster, which I'm going to try to open carefully, as carefully as I can, posters worth a lot
of money.
I don't know if this guy is sending it as a wrapping paper, waiting for something horrible
to jump out of one.
There's multiple packages in here, multiple presents.
paint the 90s. A painting kit. So it's paint Hannibal Lecter, Marion Barry,
Olsen Twins, Tonya Harding. One more thing. It's wrapped in ancient newspaper
too. Smells very nice. The final present is, wait one of these is gonna explode.
A Daredevil comic book, a sad sack comic book, a sad sack laugh special, a Sergeant Pepper's
only Hearts Club banned scrapbook for the movie, and an article from a magazine
National Vanguard on Fight Club.
Holy moly. It's a lot of stuff. The guy's name was, I think it was Putch is what he
said not Dutch that I have thank you so much punch for this box of garbage that
I will leave here on the counter for Evan hey Evan I got you a Christmas
present you like Sergeant Pepper Sergeant Pepper's only hearts club band the
movie right so much there's a book you can reminisce about it your huge
Robert Stigwood fan. Are you in one of these CD players? Are you on turntable
one? Everybody should get ready. Evan Funk Davis has an exciting show coming up
for you tonight. It's going to be one of a kind shows. This one he's very proud
of. He's going to be talking about the movie Valkyrie in depth and he has an
author of a book called Good Nazis. He's going to be going deep into the concept
of that on good Nazis.
You guys who, you know, yeah, Crystal Knocked was all right.
Sure, we did that.
Sudetenland, OK, that's all right.
Enough's enough.
This is going too far, this thing.
We've got to get control, trying to bring the people of England
to their knees.
All right, that was OK.
But this, this is a horror.
What's going on here?
i'm sick to my stomach by this
i'm sickened
hope hope
since you're on the topic i just mentioned i was reading the uh... review
actually read the review but the headline
or the review of alcary in the star ledger today yes
cruise not convincing as killer of hitler
but that that that that
it's a stop the process that solar sites
i forget i might have been steven witty
you're big i know you're a big star ledger fan
I'm going to, I'll be always, uh, asbury park press till the day I die.
Well, yeah, that's how you roll.
You're, you're down the shore like that.
What is the worst newspaper?
What's worse?
The courier news or the asbury park press?
Uh, I would have to give it to the courier news.
Yeah, it's a low rent paper.
My, Mike is saying the Jersey journal and I'm going to say, yes, that takes the cake.
Well, everybody can stay tuned.
Evan Funk Davis has an exciting show coming up.
It's going to be great.
everybody keep enjoying Hanukkah
you're a couple few days in three days in enjoy the rest of Hanukkah
happy Hanukkah Merry Christmas coming up on Thursday and
we will be back next week for the final show of 2008
this WFM U.S. Orange WXH team at help worldwide by WFMU.org stay tuned for
Evan Funk Davies now