?!
THE..!
F- Radio Show Ever.
Hey, who's this?
Well, I am by the trail of Governor Valvin.
Hi, it's, uh, Gerald Carl Munter.
Tom Sharpling, Governor of Party.
Hey Tom, it's Purple Sir!
Hey Tom, it's Mark Michael.
This is Richard Carl, Richard Carl.
What's your name?
Barron.
Barring.
And well, what's inside the two?
fire cry. Maurice Kurt? Horrifying. Hey, Thomas Bruce. Johnny! Who's this?
Genji Vitis. Genji Vitis. Yes, they have Rick Bologna at the wall. I guess who's what? I hate you. It's Peter. Hey, it's Steinberg.
Mm-hmm. Do all creepy and I'm hanging upon you. Boing. Roger Depp. My name is Ollie Fairnock.
I'll say it. You'll hear it. You'll do it. I'll get it. You'll learn it. I'll live with it and you'll die without it.
masher trash good day what's up Tom it's Tristan hey it's Michelle yeah Tom
this is Jim Riffle how you doing when I get to do the toilet talk now the
vaudeville of the new century my name is Tom Riley I'm calling from New Zealand
hey man it's right that's a tent pole it's a tent pole show hey this is Tedlia
what this is Pete from the future hi Tom it's DJ Terry Chase hey from
Supercooler, my name is Mike say Jack get off my phone. I don't care
Man I'm going to go to bed now
How are you I was in a band in the early 90s my name is Jerry Page
Jeffrey Ludell it's a fat disease wilder right
The disenfranchised have a home now. I'm the hero of the disenfranchised
It's been a minute, eight o'clock, yeah
It's just your act, cause it's time to talk, yeah
are dumb and bad family's to the best show
are dumb and bad family's to show
are dumb and bad family's to show
we got a boyfriend and a Cutting- ways and rules
yeah
yeah
hey
all the ball
let's.
not back back back
where you gotta go
yeah
I'm da
play it now
gosh i don't have any
gosh i don't have any
I'm telling you that man, you're the best show
I'm telling you that man, you're the best show
I
Get it, it's great!
I want you to...
Oh, don't you dare to quit
Oh, don't you dare to quit
Standing alone, no company
Wiping a tear over your eyes
So broken up, where can he be?
Oh, I knew that he would leave you in the air
So I hung around and acted like a friend
Oh, I can't bear to see you standing there
Alone and crying, no one cares
Cause I love his dying heart for you
Run, run, baby, run to me
Now is not the time to be strong
Run, run, run, baby, run to me
Just let it happen
Run, baby, run
Oh how it hurts
Nothing but pain
What a surprise, now that he's gone, you always thought his love was real.
But I knew that he would leave you in the end.
So I hung around and acted like a friend.
You mean so much to me that I can't bear to see you crying.
Try it, stand in a world that's dying and hard for you
Run, run, baby, run to me
Now is not the time to be strong
Run, run, run, baby, run to me
Just let it come back
Run, baby, run
Run, run, baby, run to me
Run run run baby, run to me
Run run baby, run to me
Run run run baby, run to me
Run run baby, run to me
I sing so many things that make me wonder
But sometimes it's hard to tell
I said to you, I said to you, to you, to you
I ain't but no one was listening, I walked away from you
They told me that I never would have recovered
Still some say they knew you were
I said,
Scary
Up by my side
I
But no
One said nothing
I walked
In the night
And I said,
I'm the one who loves you
Turn the time down
I belong once and nothing
I walk if you lie
I'm going to show you how to do it.
I'm going to show you how to do it.
And I said,
Hey, don't you want me wrong
One takes time
I'm blind
But no one was listening
I'll walk if you lie
And then I close the door
And until I am cold
It's time I come home
I'll chill with the cold
To find a wild
To find a wild
I'm on my own knees
Let's go
Let's go
I don't care
I don't care
I Rights Foundation
F.M.E. You're on the Air
Hi, I just tuned in and I hear you talking about the honeymooners and your flintstones.
Yes.
And you said that the flintstones were for the honeymooners?
Yes.
I just looked, that's not true.
I just looked at two websites and it said it was true.
It said Jackie Gleeson was a fan of the Flintstones and wanted to do a live action version
of the Flintstones, but it was too costly, so they sat it in modern times and called
it the honeymooners.
That's wrong.
The honeymooners were in 1956.
The TV shows.
The classic 39 shows were in 1956.
Well, I'm telling you what I read.
I didn't read that one.
I just went to other websites.
Well, I went to two also.
uh... we're even but but i actually remember
when the point on came on and i don't remember
and i remember that the honeymoon is wrong before that
you say you do you remember when the honeymoon is on
no i i would so that how do you know it was before
you get on
matter on
for shame
i banish you to a red state
i send you
The South Dakota!
Ouch.
From now on, bad calls get banished to red states.
We're in a region for the top show
There isn't any debate
So we're in a region for the top show
Double U F and U
The best show
Double U F and U
The best show
Double U F and U
The best show
Oh, yeah.
Oh, no.
Oh no, no.
No, yes!
Best show in WFMU back for another Tuesday non-extravaganza, my name is Tom Sharpling.
I'm the host of the Best Show in WFMU. Three hours of Murth Music in Mayhem. Here.
With you on this very exciting evening. Tonight,
we're locking it down we're racking it up we're watching the while we do a normal
show sure I'm gonna do a normal show I'll talk about the Kevin Smith movie I saw
yesterday I'll talk about all the things there the fun trials and tribulations
it go on, but in the meantime, if you didn't know, man, there's an election going on.
That's right.
The election for mayor of Newbridge is happening tonight.
The winner will be announced at 9 p.m.
That's right.
Only 40 minutes.
And the mayor of the the winner of the Mayoubin tutorial election is going to be announced
for all to hear
so tell me
all that's right there's another election going on for president
all brother who's on these lines mike
jeepers creepers
let me just back announce the music we heard we just heard the replacements
uh... we heard a song called election day which is a bonus track
on the re newly uh... uh... reissued pleased to meet me cd
why did i play that for two reasons because today's election day obviously
adure
and secondly because
it was a request
by associate producer mike
that you're saying
Earth would you play a request that that Mike makes you know what any other day
of the week any other day of the year I'd agree with you the stuff this guy tries
to push on me to play he was trying to play the original the soundtrack to
Schnell he was asking me if I would play his his big vocal turn what kind of
monster amir
which i thought you know was dramatic apparently it's
got songs in it also
but because i have why did i play replacements election day for mike
this birthday
that tells me to hold on
that tell me to hold on
mike
happy birthday
to you
happy birthday to you
but a lot of tony randal uh...
the vote you know uh... inflection in there for you
Happy birthday, dear associate producer Mike.
Happy birthday to you.
I played that song for you, Mike.
Before that, we heard from Fleetwood Mac.
walk a thin line from the tusk album
and who's going to
where's the best map site for me to be tracking online here
with these results coming in
who's got the best one, the best one
I was set up over at the Burger King website
website where they have an electoral map set up
but apparently it wasn't an electoral map
it was a list of locations
of Burger Kings around the country
i was wondering why because
they had that king
the Burger King
little versions of his head
anytime i would click on a state
i thought they were counties or something it was all versions of his
head all over the place.
Who out there knows the best electoral map that I can monitor online?
Did you watch the results come in?
I go over this Huffington Post thing?
That's a train wreck.
I can't see anything on that dump of a site.
and i'm looking at this uh... cnn site
i don't know about that
back to the music tom what do we else did we hear tommy james in the chandeles
uh... run run baby run the b side of the uh... mirage single
And starting us off, as always, not as always, starting us off to this week, hit it and quit it by the Funkadelic from the Maggot Brain album.
Let's go to the phones. Mike says, some good callers, some not good callers in this batch. We will find out.
fm. You're on the air. Hey Tom. Hey, this is Michael K. from Pittsburgh from the cynics. Hey, how are you?
Pretty darn good. You know, I'm calling here from the heart of our racist
ignorant Western PA. That's true. That's true. That is it's very racist out there
I actually really called to talk about the real election the may open editorial new bridge election
But just as two quick sides before we get to that let's talk about this other little election that's going on
what's you mentioned the CNN now I understand I okay I totally understand
that CNN hasn't really been doing any news since Judy Woodruff left but I
saw it the other afternoon and on the crawl you know in the crawl on the
bottom where they used to have like news headlines they had like this they had
people like talking saying things from Twitter and from my space and I don't
of this bonehead Rick Sanchez was on or something or you know without one of
those afternoon boneheads but yeah it's like they've completely like just we've
given up so much we can't even write headlines anymore you know I know we're
just gonna have a constant stream of like just idiot idiotic nonsense look
here Michael K I agree with you Michael K from the cynics this is what I says
about this you'd like the interactive don't yeah no no I don't I was watching
watching CNN yesterday. Right? Yeah. I'm watching this thing. Somebody sent me some link. I'm
asking where I could watch the map. They sent me something the second life, which is a it's
like the same as we'll watch it. It's like some that fake world in a fake computer world.
Wait, you're getting this through CNN? How are you getting this? No, let me let me finish
my point I got a little sidetrack somebody just sent me a link while I said hey where
do I get a good electoral map they just sent me a thing saying hey there's a map in second
life which is something where you get to live your your fantasy oh okay I'm gonna go check
it on there they see yeah I guess who the leader is the zork on the elder is our our
are overlord some of science fiction thing
uh... what i'm going to vote for the fact that i would vote for him
is my show
i'm on the floor there's people of people want uh... want uh... kid jersey to do
his thing here
you roll with me you're you're at mcmann right now
you're at mcmann i'm johnny karson right now okay
because i'm i'm checking the sale of who who's gonna who's gonna win on this
second life electoral map Neo Morpheus sick thanks Ed so anyway watching the
CNN yesterday this is the cable news network I watched for two hours I didn't
see one bit of news somehow there was that they couldn't have avoided the news
more it was all they would just go talk to some dummies like let's talk to a
undecided people and they didn't have David Cassidy on task okay you really you
burnt it heave-ho this guy's a chime in in on that he's doing his own show where
I'm his sidekick
FM you you're on the air hello Spike how are you I'm I'm very pleased are you
fired up for the election yes what was it one problem what's that I didn't see
Any results for mayor of Newbridge?
I was looking for a site where I can look up that information.
It's coming up, buddy.
It's coming up.
It's coming up.
So tell me here, did you vote today?
Yes, I did.
And you legally can vote now?
I thought there was a thing where your voting rights
get taken away.
No, my rights have never been taken away.
okay
you know what i says to you
good job voting
spike good job who did you vote for mccain
of course not i'm just i'm just i'm just i'm i'm tzong
i'm teasing
i i voted the american white
think he's going to win you think obama can win this
oh god i hope so
he already won uh...
pennsylvania he did
seriously
yes i'm not kidding
you're not pulling uh... fast one on
Now, you're not teasing me with this.
Now, where's the best electoral map?
I'm trying to check this thing out.
They go to 538.com.
I'm looking at these graphs.
What I've got to work at Kinko's to navigate
through this thing.
I just want a simple map up on the thing
that I can look at.
Oh, I want.
So I really called about with Debbie's wedding.
You were at the, wait, hold on a second.
Now this is a little bone of contention that I have with you.
I was at the WFMU record fair a week and a half ago,
which was spectacular, by the way.
It was a lot of fun.
And one of the events that went down at the wedding
was the wedding of DJ Debbie at WFMU, it got married.
Yes.
Were you were in attendance?
Yes, I was.
Now can I ask you something?
Yes.
I was in attendance.
Yeah.
Why on earth wouldn't you find me?
Why would you?
I thought you there.
Why did you introduce yourself?
Because I was waiting on the side with a whole pack of people in front of me.
So you wait.
You wait five minutes.
You wait till the pack clears out.
Then you come up and you say, hello Tom.
Oh, but that would have ruined the mistake.
The mistake of what?
No, that mistake, mistake.
The mistake of what?
Of men.
Trust me, there ain't that much mystique.
You know, I mean I could have yelled out with Debbie, like some people have pointed out.
Yes.
But I didn't do that.
No, I was very respectful.
Well, yeah, you should have come up and said hi.
I just wanted to meet you.
I know.
i think we could be friends
you don't think we can be friends you don't think we have that
i know i think we could be friends but uh...
uh... i was planning on the thought i was i was standing like where the entrance
to the restroom for this was not grand central station
where there was a ten people between us you push your way through
no it was more than ten people i don't care if there's a hundred people
you say excuse me pardon me excuse me pardon me
then you come up to me
and you say
how i don't know
all but i would have interrupted the wedding because this was there in the
wedding i wasn't going anywhere
i was in the whole day and i didn't want to run the wedding all spike
you'd find i wanted to meet you
i know a lot of people wanted to meet me
that were at the record fair you want to know what this you know this is a
testament to
this conversation
how distracted i am by this election
the fact that
i'm having this conversation
where i were uh... i'm i'm i'm i'm just tired of you you got a you've got the
upper hand right now
you're saying i know i know a lot of people want to meet me and i'm like
how come you didn't say hi to me
i'm talking like one of uh... andrew dice clays uh...
like when he does the wimpy guy character
when he's like uh...
when it's like uh... and saree honey
i just wanted
so did you buy a thing at the record fair
or i'd like to do it
uh... what what kind of dvd's uh... rock music
or you want to go to johnny go
go johnny go
it was a movie alan free
okay now and free movie
and what uh... what else
I think something about the 60s
Something about the 60s. Yeah, I haven't watched them yet, but it has to do, you know 60s music
I mean, did you get it from the table that had all those cool DVDs on it? Yeah, that's a good table that guy's one of the best
Yeah, the guy with the ponytail
man a lot of ponytails with that thing no but the person I brought the DVDs from
had a ponytail uh-huh you know what I say to you Spike mm-hmm what are we gonna
do when Obama if Obama wins what are we gonna do oh I'm gonna pop open some
champagne uh-huh what if he loses though what if he loses oh I'm gonna pack my
back and got a canada
really
and i think that the thought of that
mccain and that
woman
that
pay one woman
i know
uh... just a thought the thought of them winning its gross
and i think it's
parking do you think that new jersey just did the right thing new jersey went to
uh... obama
that's how we do it in new jersey
right mike
i know new york uh... voted for
new york actually that are mine for two hours new york they're saying sixty five
percent mccain
thirty three percent obama right now
with ninety nine percent of the priest is reporting
not easy i'm teasing
but i don't want to work
you did
did you have a snack with you
hmm
i thought i didn't have any food
you didn't have a granola bar with you
now
right now i was going to be there
for two hours i would have
brought something
come on states
we can do this right
we can do this can't wait
well i thought that obama has eighty three
excuse me electoral vote
and uh... the old man has uh... thirty three thirty four
how many does obama have
eighty-three
the last i saw
it's like
thanks for the call bunnies
i'll call me back later
call me this is a different show you're allowed to call more than once
call me back later
okay
and also going to make this clear right now
if you are someone
from a state that is supposed to win for obama
but goes to mccain
three-month ban
you're not allowed to call
three-month ban
i just got a lay out to seventy to win i got a thing for smabs is blank as can
be
fm you you're on the air
i don't know who's this
glory from
miami
is is uh... is uh... is uh... what's gonna happen with florida
Well I'm looking right now actually on CNN and 36% of the precincts have reported and
Obama is in the lead a second ago is 53% now it's 52% Obama 47% McCain oh I feel like
Campbell Brown here.
So what it was so what it was so we're at how many percent 52% in favor of Obama and
you know i
i'm hoping
i'm hoping for the best
i'm so scared i'm more nervous than i thought i would be
i've been sick all day
i think i've been crying i i thought obama and michelle cast their vote with other kids
by their side
i started crying i don't know why
it was emotional on another thing i got to tell you
what
you call seven second delay you never fulfilled all four of the uh...
You were supposed to mention in my show four times.
No, he said three times.
And did you mention it three times? No.
How many times did you mention it?
No, I'm pretty sure I did mention it three times.
I don't think you did.
Well, one more. You got one more.
Okay, I will next time I call.
Three month ban for any body from a state that should go to Obama that doesn't go to Obama.
Well, we're a swing state.
uh... you're supposed to go supposed to
well hopefully
uh... i was telling telling mike by the way happy birthday mike yes happy
birthday to mike
that i met a dog at laguaria airport a little brussels were found that named
her talk
you met a dog
i spoke with the owner and the owner told me that
the dog's name was her dog
really
Yes, I asked and he clarified. Yes, because apparently his friend is really into her song
I don't know that's creepy. I asked ice the guy if the dog can do a little chicken dance guy naming his dog
Werner Herzog
Guys you get his dog taken away from her it's probably a dog I petted the dog
You petted, is it pet? You pet the dog. You didn't pet you. I pet the dog. You didn't petted the dog. I'm a little drunk actually this one time.
Are you drunk right now? You had a little bit to drink? Well, you know, I'm nervous. You're nervous?
Do we have a little gold shlogger? No. No. Mike is out there drinking. Like weird stuff though. I'm scared for him. What's going on?
weird stuff it's in a Snapple bottle more oh he's drinking what is he putting in
a Snapple bottle vodka might just be Snapple I think it might be Snapple but
it's blue there isn't blue Snapple I don't know Mike's drinking it call back
later Lorie I'm appointing you tonight one of you are one of my one of my
My reporters for this evening call back with updates uh okay FM you're on the air hello
hello hey this is Nick from Milwaukee Nick from Milwaukee Wisconsin that's right you're
supposed to go uh you're supposed to go blue that's from here and that's what I'm hoping
for what's going on where are we at where we are um it looks like it's a 102 to 34 right
now so
holdin strong right now
holdin strong
mmm-hmm tell you virginia virginia doesn't go to obama
roll out
i want to hear from anyone from virginia
you mean
yeah i hear you on that one
where's virginia right now
um... let me check really quick
you know my computer is freezing up on me so i can't really check out worry
uh... actually is looking like it's going to gain right now fifty four to
forty five
sick at sick
i know i know what's the world coming to come on hillbillies
do the right thing
you weird mountain people
i've already uh... i've already scolded my brother because he was in
tennessee and they went mccain already so
he lives in tenet yet
so i mean everyone saw that one coming i think yeah i don't think tennessee was
i think we've got another four hundred years to go
before uh... obama could win in tennessee
yeah well my brother did his part so i mean it is all we can ask for
what was his part
uh... he voted for obama
okay
yeah couldn't help
thanks money
fm you're on the air
hey time for charlie in seattle charlie in seattle how are you tonight charlie
i'm all right i'm standing up by the hope it's not too loud that's okay
i don't know if you heard uh...
mike sub-transessor today
i heard a little bit of it
i heard about the election all
all election coverage and i had to shut it off because apparently
ninety-eight percent of people who listens to sports radio or are hardcore
mccain people
there are like pervert conservative to the within the glutton back or something
yeah it is this crowd
these dimwits
don't have to have two nickels to rub together
worried about uh... or worried about uh...
as if they think these guys did look these these these mutants listening to
what w f a n
people talking about it is if uh... is if uh... they're going to get all the
all the cool stuff they've got taken away from them somehow
yeah
exactly like
aqueduct and uh...
box for a long evening like that exactly
almost what i actually linked uh... mccain performance that iraq in the
post-season
mccain you do you would compare mccain's performance a rod in the post
season
yeah you think it is disappointing to do something
well look at this thing there's a thing about mccain did you watch
saturday night live the other night
uh... on saturday or last night
no with mccain on it
oh yeah like from from the weekend when he was doing the qvc thing
you think this guy
wanted to be on saturday night live
uh... on satitude two days before the election
this guy standing on this stage
he's saying to himself
i'm here
next to an actress
doing a fake version of my running mate
and i'm acting in a sketch
that pretty much
i'm acting in a sketch that pretty much
i uh...
it's like
i i i'm in a sketch that they could have a darryl hammond do
better
but no but they would have checked that's this humiliating sketchies don't
this guy's up there
standing two feet away from
This guy's this guy's standing two feet away from from Tina Fey as she's going rogue holding up the yeah, the panel in 2012
This is the real guy
The real guy standing there doing a skit that should have been done by somebody doing a McCain impression
leader the free world
Exactly. That's what this guy's doing. This guy, this guy knows it's over.
Well, you know, this is the thing about McCain. He doesn't want to be president.
Yeah. He doesn't. He's just running because he doesn't know what else to do.
Yeah. This is what he's been doing for 30 years. So he's just doing it.
I collapsed. If he would, if he won tonight, God forbid this guy won,
He would cry. He would start crying like bad crying. Not happy crying. Sad crying.
He would go, I can't do this. I'm tired. I'm so tired. I don't want to be
He was he would weep, weep, thank you. Fm you you're on the air. Hello Tom. Yes. Hi this
is Jack from Portland. Jack from Portland. How are you? Portland main or Oregon? Portland
Oregon. What was that? Portland main. What do you think? Portland main is not blue. Is
I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. You electoral dummy. Is it? Yeah, it's up
in New England. I want to check it out one of these days. 201-209-936-8. We are
ten minutes away
from me
going through
and announcing the winner of the
made new bridge may even at our election
fm you're on the air
eight com it's like a minute i do it at night mike in manhattan
what part of the manhattan are you in
on uh...
west midtown
west midtown
mike health kitchen okay sure cut in the border i hear you
and if you want to ask if you got one of those uh...
uh... pamphlet that your doorstep today saying that the
the uh... election for democrats with tomorrow
i did not
you hear about that i heard about those though
they happen
what a creep does that
pennsylvania
what kind of creep can look themselves in the mirror and do that
europe republicans i guess
republican should
you've got to be a great a animal
you've got to know you're going to hell when you do that
just know you're going to hell
but you know what's worse tom what's that in the in the same state that the
same group actually went around i don't know if it was the same group but
similar
they put uh... in more impoverished areas they put uh...
sheet on people's doors saying that you had any outstanding parking ticket or
things like that
but they would uh... arrest you at the uh... polling place
What's wrong with these monsters?
I know.
Crazy.
You know, seriously.
Again, I said it, you know you're going to hell when you do that.
I hope they do so that I can laugh from above, man.
I played it, I played it clean and cool.
That's what I can do.
I can start playing it cool.
I'm playing it too much like McCain, like Krabby.
Yeah.
I'm yelling too much.
Deep breaths, calm blue.
Deep breaths.
I can start running this thing like Obama.
And I'm telling you playing basketball at seven in the morning. Exactly. I
Should have been out there playing air hockey at seven in the morning. Oh, yeah
Keep in it Jersey. Look I play air hockey with all these guys at work
Right. Yeah, I clobber them these guys can't even come close to me. I've been on this hot streak for two weeks
Leveling I'm telling you
They stand up, I sit them down.
They stand up, I sit them down.
Quick hair hockey question.
I play with a couple of guys from New York.
Let me finish my point before you get your question.
I wouldn't touch the mallet today.
You know why?
Why that?
This is bad luck.
Think about it.
The guy who's been hot for two weeks
loses on November 4.
No, that ain't going to happen.
Not on my watch.
now stupid out of their level
i wasn't going to jinx obama
wasn't going to jinx obama
demand
and quick air hockey question
dot
do you do you lift
do you do you lift your uh... your hand when you're uh... when you're playing
or you gotta say you you gotta have that you gotta have your hand down the
whole time
what do you mean lift the mallet off the table you got it never
right thank you
let's say you don't play there's no topping
uh... i thank you i play with guys if it's not that i think that because it
looks so cool when you do it i'm like an idiot
uh...
as an idiot has no idea what he's talking is it is a boardwalk air hockey player
thank you
it's trash that's boardwalk trash
yeah
no class
it got a guy's probably to continue to get like that should focus more on the
a fried Oreos in the funnel cake. It's Cora's ice cream. Is it Cora's or Coles?
What is it? Coles. Yeah, he's too worried about that. Go down there play air hockey.
Get a lift in there. I watch these slobs play air hockey on the boardwalk. I do
everything I can not to toss my funnel cake. Yeah. When I'm watching that.
They're lifting the mallet they're they're touching the table they reach out they touch the puck with their hand
You know they're re going over the line
They're topping they're great. They slapped the the mallet on top of the puck and drag it
can't do any of that stuff no unbelievable sick sick sick sick but you
have a good night Tom you have a great night FM you you're on the air hi Tom
is Julie from Cincinnati mmm Mike said it's his birthday and it's okay yeah
um anyway I think Ohio's going to win for Obama what's that oh Ohio look we'll
be for obama
tell me right now
if ohio goes for obama
they are
if
there's only uh... i know two people
not including the crazy people i know who are voting for obama sure so i mean
who are not
so that proves it
no why why why don't they just call it right now
based on the on your on your uh...
you're looking at
they ought to write yeah they ought to
What's up with Virginia?
Look at this.
Hey, that's insane.
That made me sick.
I was walking my dog and I saw a TV at someplace that said that and I was like, yuck.
I got to go home now.
I should drop a bomb.
I'm telling you right now, Virginia.
I'm done with Virginia.
I don't want to hear nothing from Virginia.
No, I'll play no on a roll.
Nope.
Nothing.
Nothing.
But no while I swear, like on my whole street, there it is.
I live in Cincinnati and that's like always read and there's like, I think, I'm not going to offend anyone anyway, there's one sign on my street.
For what, for Obama?
No, for the other side.
You can say his name.
McCain and Palin, but it's not bad.
The bad things I was about to say weren't about McCain and Palin.
impalance good let's let's let's keep everyone's already said those let's keep
it let's keep it balanced i'm already letting you call in earlier than your
ban because tonight's a special uh... shell
i know in no one from ohio has called yet to represent
the
worst republican state well this is it julie it is your responsibility to
call up and track
oh hi i'm tracking it okay but you keep calling
oh really oh yes
you might be sorry
but that's okay
you have a good night
fm you you're on the air
it's all what's going on it's right from we harking frank from we harken
how are things in we harken tonight
uh... good i'm just getting back from working
how i'm sort of thrown out because i wasn't expecting to follow julie from
Cincinnati but let me forge ahead anyway how is your off week the past week
i was very good very good a little story tell about that
I'm just trying to avoid too much electrical coverage because I've been out of the mix today.
I've been on a job site all day.
I just got my voting in the morning and I've been following it.
I don't like spoilers.
It's like here in the ending of the movie and stuff.
I read about the Black Panthers that have been out at some of the plays.
I can shout out the mic to Manhattan from Manhattan about talking about the different corruption going on.
I read about Black Panthers over at some pole site intimidating people
and all that crazy stuff that's going on.
It's sort of nuts.
How was it over in your area?
i don't know if you address it yet i mean over me it was just a long line
there's a beauty of living in new jersey in the suburbs i'll tell you right now
people waiting on these lines waiting a half hour hour two hours three hours
four hours
you live in the new jersey suburbs
they got nine voting districts they got nine schools with uh... voting booths
set up
all over the all over the the town
that you go to
that you know set up
they got you covered up down left-right every which way
you're covered
so i had no problem
i had no problem
that's excellent yet no one would be a pretty soon so
and
europeptor safe distance around kept it clean kept a respectable
so far from my end my voting experience of all right i've been out of the voting
gift
will last year at last
election i know i'm set to admit i didn't vote because i was just real
you're not happy with either choice but this year i figured
I'm not really happy with either choice, but I better make make a stand while I like why you still can vote
I mean who knows what's gonna happen
Exactly
They're taking the vote away
Brother I gotta get out of here
Fm you you're on the air. Hey Tom. This is David from Virginia David from Virginia. How are you doing sir?
uh... doing all right uh... look forward to this might be your final call
until february
well that that's exactly why i call that i wanted to
to let the way of assuring myself that that it's going to turn around
but you know i'm certain
you think virginia's gonna come out for obama
definitely i'm looking at the uh...
uh... totals from like the different counties and all the southern red
counties they're reporting like ninety ninety five percent
but all the all the big blue counties up north are only reporting like nine
ten percent so they're not done yet is what you're saying
lots lots of folks to be counted especially in areas that should be
going for a bomb
so you think you think this uh... you think this could happen
i certainly also
certainly all right
we'll see
you better you better make it happen
or you don't
are going to do not have any any
bands from Virginia that would be said no discord
no honor roll
no guar
but i played nothing from virginia
with this discord town
you know the discord houses technically
in arlington for china
i know
discord is done
on my goodness
will see allington's gonna
gonna help win
win uh...
virginia for obama tonight
well you you better you better across your toes and fingers on that one
he's up sixty seven to thirty two percent in arlington
with ten percent reporting
c
don't drop the ball virginia
how embarrassed would you be of north carolina uh... came through
for a bomb in virgin and virginia didn't
oh my goodness
you imagine that
that would be really bizarre be sick
it would
and i might have to move to charlotte or something else
all right david thank you
FMU you're on the air
Tom?
Yes
There's Adam from Ohio
Adam from Ohio
Yeah, what's going on?
What's going to happen in Ohio tonight Adam?
I don't know, I'm hoping it's going to go blue, I think
I live in Athens and I think this is definitely a blue area
Do you think it's a blue area, do you think it's going to happen?
I think so, I think we can do it, I think we can pull it out
Well, I hope so
I actually called up because I wanted to see if I could, I wanted to replace Julie from Cincinnati as your Ohio correspondent.
Really?
Yeah.
You want to replace Julie from Cincinnati?
Yeah, I don't think she's going to do a good enough job. I want to step in and see if I can replace her.
I think I'm made enough for the job, Tom.
I love it. I love this guy's taking a stand.
I can't find one map that cuts it for me.
These maps are all terrible.
Yeah, I've been bouncing around all night trying to find which one to go with.
These maps are all a disgrace.
The CNN, when you can, you can just, I don't like it.
Could you can, you click on it once and you accidentally, it's like, yeah.
Oh, so now I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm pretending I'm, I'm running the map.
Yeah, it's like fantasy, uh, fantasy elections.
I'm not looking to play fantasy election tonight.
Thank you.
I just did that. I accidentally gave Florida to McCain.
Thanks, Tom.
Thank you.
Oh, it's that time.
It is time.
The polls have been open for months for the Mayoubin tutorial race.
Here on the Best Show on WFMU, WFMU East Orange, WXHD, Manhope, World Wide Web at WFMU.org.
The Mayubinatorial Race, the voting is done, the polls are closed.
15 candidates stand, 15 candidates tall.
And now, without further ado, I read to you the results
of the New Bridge Mayubinatorial Race.
At number 15, Dead Last, Joe the Plumber,
with 357 votes.
Number 14, Paul from Consolidated Cardboard
with 442 votes.
Number 13, Thor from Newbridge with 452 votes.
Number 12, Chief Ray Ploppelton with 530 votes.
Number 11, Thor Halversom with 609 total votes.
Number 10, Dr. Fred Myers with 801 votes.
votes. At number 9 Bob with 847 votes. Number 8 Bishop Pablo Fontana with 996 votes. At
number 7 here's a shocker a guy who joined the race late jumped all the way to number
Number seven, Todd Palin, 1250 votes.
Number six, now it gets, now the numbers jump up, with 1766 votes.
Number six, Zachary Broomstead Esquire.
At number 5, with 1837 votes Hammerhead, the top 4.
At number four, with 2,207 votes, pudge.
Number three.
With 2,927 votes, Marky Ramone.
Two candidates remain.
2 is the mayor of New Bridge.
With 3,005 votes, here are the numbers.
The number 2 person got 3,005.
Number 1 was 3,136.
close, 3,005, 3,136. And by the way, 6,224 voters voted over the course of the election.
with three thousand and five votes coming in second associate producer Mike which
makes the new mayor of New Bridge with three thousand one hundred and thirty
six votes Philly boy Roy Ziegler I think we're gonna go to the phones right now
I think we may have him FM you in the air
I'm your mayor now. Don't be scared now. Going to rule with the holly made iron
congratulations, thank you, I won, you did win, yeah, oh my god, well it wasn't for lack of
the campaign
for lack of i'm sorry campaigning
campaigning yet yeah well you did a lot of campaigning and you pulled it out you
filly boy royse eagler
hehehehehe
the new mayor
hehehehehehehe the next ten years for the next ten years that's right least
i might even make it more than that
hehahaha how would you make it more than that
uh... it's called executive privilege
executive privilege
you're going to you're going to somehow make a ruling on that
i don't know we'll see
but i think i just want to
get all up with this not the greatest week ever
the field in the world theory
that's true
probably the greatest night of my life
that was pretty exciting
i got to go to the game i got to whip batteries at players
For both teams.
Really?
Oh, yeah.
You've got to have both teams?
Oh, yeah.
Why would you do that?
A couple of our players didn't deliver.
I had to whip nine bolts at her.
But they won the World Series.
I know, but it was in question for a little bit.
But that doesn't mean you throw things at them.
Oh, it's like whipping a horse.
You've got to make it go faster.
so you actually think that that's what you did
i know i did
you would claim and i'm claiming some credit for it
you're taking credit for
for
jeez for throw for you're taking credit for their victory because you threw
things at them
absolutely it made him work harder
well
congratulations i guess you you won the you won the world series i know and it
was also halloween
my favorite holiday
Okay, that's your favorite one.
Why is that?
I get to whip batteries at trick or treaters.
Really?
Yeah.
Well, that's not, that's horrible.
Well, it ain't.
You know, if it's a costume I don't like
or if I find it inappropriate.
Yeah.
If they're walking down the street, whip a nine volt.
And what makes a costume inappropriate?
Oh, I don't know.
If it lacks originality, it's totally store bought.
So you don't like store-bought costumes?
Oh, no.
Hahaha, well, okay.
You know what the best part of Halloween was, though?
What's that?
I got to fire up the nightmare machine for Little Roy-da.
Well, what is a nightmare machine?
You didn't have a nightmare machine as a kid?
No, I did not have a nightmare machine as a kid.
Well, they used to make them back in the 70s.
Yeah?
And basically, it's this thing.
It had like an 8-track tape player.
You know, some headphones, and these goggles that you wear, you know, remember that thing
you would do?
You put like a disc into like a view, it was called a viewfinder, right?
Yeah.
Yeah, one of them sort of things.
And so the A track tape, you put it in, and it plays all these horrific sounds.
Car crashes people scream, and dogs bark, and people die, and stuff.
People dying.
Oh, yeah, yeah, and then and then you watch these images of like monsters and stuff. Yeah, Frank and Stein, the Wolfman
Vampires. The Wolfman. Yeah Wolfman. There was more than one Wolfman. I think there was like a whole clan of them
Wasn't there? Well, that's news to me. My mom used to always say you better get back by 10 because that's when the Wolfman come out
That's news to I thought it was just one wolf man. I think it was at least four
Really? I don't know. It's that sounds plausible down it. So wolf man wolf man
And who what other kind of monsters van pliers?
Vampires and van pliers. What do you call them?
Vampires. What do you what do you call them van pliers?
I don't, I guess it's like a pair of pliers that use on a van, but it's got like a widow's
peak.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
I know nothing about van pliers.
Okay.
Well, anyway, you watch the horrific scenes and listen to the horrific, you know, sounds
for as long as you can take it before you go to sleep.
Yeah.
And then when you wake up in the middle of the night screaming, you write down what your nightmare was and your parents showed you had the best one.
I've never heard of this thing.
Oh, it's great. Yeah. I think it was Milton Bradley made it.
They don't make no more for some reason.
I wonder why.
I wonder why.
So it helped you as a kid.
How did it help you as a child?
Oh, it didn't help me at all. It's scared to be Jesus out of me.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
What I want to pick is a zigler tradition.
A zigler tradition, the horrifying nightmare machine.
Yeah.
Little Rhoda and Roy Jr.
They didn't sleep for like seven years in a row after we played that the first time.
Really?
Yeah.
That's horrifying.
That's horrifying.
And then three, I got elected the mayor of the city.
Yeah, that's true.
You are now the mayor of Newbridge.
Absolutely, yeah.
And when do you move up here for this?
Oh, I forgot something else.
Rode a gay birth to a new kid yesterday, too.
What?
Yeah.
How come you think that that would get mentioned maybe
before some of the other stuff you just mentioned?
Why?
because it's uh... like the birth of a child
i'll take care of it
the
that i would think that that might have some
some a little bit of uh... precedence in your
on your list
uh... that
the president
is george w bush
no the that's the
i'm so i'm sorry the president
is going to be drawn the king
Oh, I hope not.
Why?
Why?
Yeah.
Because he's awful.
Oh, I didn't vote anyway, so it don't matter.
It doesn't matter, so you didn't vote.
I was too busy arguing with Rhoda.
I'm never going to call this kid.
What do you want to call the kid?
Well, she wants to call it Michael after her father.
Yeah.
i want to call misterly fanatic jr
well though it sounds like the two of your maybe not on the same page or
doctor julius erving the second
you want to name your kid doctor julius erving the second
yeah like a little doctor jay
uh... yet well either the second
okay
sure but then but she wants to name him michael
yeah i don't like it
i'll tell you what
i was actually a little nervous
before i found out that i won the election
because i i heard that there were some black panthers calls and trouble with
the polls
black panthers
i didn't hear about that
yeah you don't want to mess with them
then close the sharp
you mean the the
Well, they're people though.
No, they're not.
Black Panthers are people.
No, they're not.
Well, from what I heard, they gather down
a distinct pit or something,
and they feed on the garbage.
They're real panthers.
No, they're not real panthers.
Well, that's gonna be one of my first orders of business,
getting rid of those distinct pits.
Well, I actually, I would agree-
You live one.
What's that?
You live in one.
I don't live in a distinct pit.
You do.
Now, it's like you do, the times I've met you.
Stop. Oh, you had those those aroma lines coming off your armpits. Mm-hmm. Yeah, well that that is not true
You know who all that smells good who Campbell Brown
She's gonna interview me tomorrow probably don't you think?
Because you're mayor of New Bridge. Yeah
Well, we will see I'll come right out and say it
Okay, I'm interested in her
you just had a child do that the lover I figured that's what you were getting at
okay I didn't know if you got my trip or not yeah I did oh what okay check this
out I don't want any youth people up there thinking that things are instantly
gonna change okay I don't want you get scared of the Ziglar administration
okay it's gonna be a gradual process a gradual process yeah you mean you you
kind of you you you it's less this is kind of sliding into into a power yeah
the stockades and the shackled depose aren't going to start showing up for a
month or so that's horrible why you're gonna have well you can't go back to
Having stockades? Sure I can. I don't know. It's for people who don't follow the Ziggler Act.
I don't know. This sounds terrible. Yeah, the Ziggler Act. It's going to replace the New Bridge Constitution or whatever that's called.
The Ziggler Act. Yeah, Lloyd Jr. helped me draft it. It goes like this. I mesmerized it. Okay.
Pledge allegiance to Roy, the king of the city of Newbridge, and to the Wawa, which now
stands, where Cumberland Farms used to. One city under Roy, invisible, with peanut
shoes and yinglings for all.
Well, that's kind of nice.
Isn't it?
Yeah.
I like that.
You got to follow that.
Sounds.
And the dress code.
the dress code yeah you'll never ever ever ever ever guess what it is the dress
code in what new bridge is going to have for its new dress code what what is the
dress code going to be for these uniforms so everyone everyone in new bridge
yeah is gonna wear a fillies uniform oh yeah the men will the women were
equals uniform why that's crazy why because it's a different state well it's
it's gonna feel just like Philly though once we we pulled those all them
Cumberland farm to put wah wah's up mm-hmm yeah yeah yeah go ahead no you're
gonna try to just turn Philly into I mean new bridge into some extension of
Philly I will yeah yeah well I don't know if that's gonna fly you know what's
gonna help me do that what's that my vice mayor your vice mayor yeah I've
already hand picked him who is your vice mayor well I'll introduce you to
you'll meet right here hang on
uh... i'm sorry what was that
rocky belboa
you're talking about you have
you have rocky belboa and next to you
I sure do yeah he's got his fingerless gloves and everything really oh yeah and
he's gonna be your vice mayor absolutely what was that rock we don't need to
fight no more rock we won you so he's you're he's gonna fight with you I mean
he's gonna run he's gonna like support you and everything he's gonna make that
town up their filly new filly ten that's what you're going to call new bridge
oh yeah new filly ten
all of those sort of distance
what was that rock
all of those sort of distance
we did go the distance rock out you'd worry
can i talk to rocky belboa
oh sure
uh...
is the iraqi
uh... hierarchy
okay how are you uh... sir
uh...
what's that
i'm not as strong
you're not as strong
i'm not as dumb as you think i am
to you people up there all think that we're dummy
but we're not
you're the dummy
i don't think i don't think he's dumb
what uh...
what else do you want to ask him
uh... well how how did you meet uh... roy
well he's walking away at the bathroom
he'll be back
is he back yet
now he's he's pretty far off how did you meet uh... well you rocky first of all
Rocky Balboa, it's Sylvester Stallone. It's a character. It's a character.
Oh, he's quite a character all right here, but he's real.
No, you've dealt. I look. You've dealt with this guy in the...
Here he comes.
Go on to chat. It's me, Rocky.
Hey, Rocky, how are you?
I want those good things.
He keeps saying all he wants to do is go to...
not here this is like what do you have like a tape or something how come he
can't answer most every question what did he even just say there nobody but
nobody what he said nobody knows nobody nothing you know yourself it's right
and not gonna be on the on the license plate this guy this is a tape no it's not
what is it called Rocky in your pocket Rocky in your pocket yeah what and what
on earth is that I bought it wah wah and what is it a little iris me on my all
my big noise well why did you have to claim that Sylvester still on that
I'm sorry, Rocky was there.
Because I want to seem like even a bigger deal.
You want to seem like a bigger deal, like you don't feel like enough of a big deal?
I don't know.
Well, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to rain on your parade.
Well, you did.
Well, I was not trying to rain on your parade, Roy.
Okay, well, let's get back to business, okay?
Sure.
want to tell all you that i'm going to work hand-in-hand
with the letter slayship branch
i'm going to work hand-in-hand with the letter slayship branch
uh... the letter letter
are you trying to say legislative
you know all of the i don't know what it is what you're told me to say it
it's probably let a legislative not lettuce
what did you say lettuce
well i've arrived at like that let us leave ship branch yeah that
that's not what it is
okay
what is it
it's not the latest slave ship
okay
it's the legislative branch
i still don't know what that is
maybe roger you could help me with that
you know he's going to be a big help for me
he is
oh yeah he's going to be going to be my carl rose
your carl rose and my lawn chaney
okay you mean dick cheney
that
let him be your lawn cheney
you know all that week he was saying he hoped we wouldn't buy enough of a
margin that there would be a feeling buster
which is a yeah i guess that's out look i'm just going to pretend that you're
saying these things right
saying what right i feel it i guess a feeling buster is when these two dudes
do something
that keeps you from being able to go home and watch tv yeah when when two
dudes
interfere with you from doing something you're right will fill and buster
roid jr also said he was worried i wouldn't get the white even jello co-op
odors
i'd just your
you are
just mangling this stuff left and right on you
what do you mean
it's just the the language there you're you're kind of
if you not think i'd get the white even jello co-op odors
I didn't... I never thought of your even...
...Jello...
I'm not even sure what those are. It sounds to me like an Indian chief, and that guy from the dead Kennedy.
Yeah, it sounds something. Look.
You know, I once took him around Philly and in my cab.
Jello Biafra?
Yeah, it was the plastic surgery disaster store.
Aha.
83.
You took them all around around Philly
Wow, that's uh
That's pretty it's pretty exciting. You had you had a good
Good little story there, and you've had a great week. I have yeah, and now I want us all to bow our heads and pray for a safe transition, okay?
Okay, that's a nice gesture. Okay. All right. I have a I have a prayer here. You're gonna say a prayer. Yeah. Oh
Oh, Mayor Rizzo, up there on your heavenly throne, grant me the strength and the patience
to understand and deal with them shortcomings of them people of Newbridge.
Help me to understand their non-filly ways and let them see the error of these ways.
Help me to ascend the steps at mayoral news mansion as gracefully as them hooters ascended
the stairs leading up to the tower theater stage back in 1985 when they filmed the
and we danced video. Help me help me to defeat my detractors as NEM fillies
defeated the Rays last week and as NEM Sixers will defeat who member they're
going to play in the championships next year. Could be NEM Lakers although you
talk looking pretty good too
anyway
help me a great mayor rizzo to you know in one word
keep it really
a man
that's
that you didn't say a man
amen
and needed to call screener rick
i think he's a little upset
about um...
losing the election he became pretty close to became very close
i'm only sorry that you know what came uh... between him and women
what's that
the bottle
you think that's what it was
i think it was that you
i mean you guys were separated by a hundred thirty-one votes
wow
yeah
that's wild
it is isn't it
you you played that thing
just uh... just right roy
i did uh... and and
when i shake
president mccain's hand on the inauguration day on january twenty
uh...
oh man look out
when you shake his hand on a not at all what they
inoculations day
what's it called
inauguration
okay yeah well roy i have to tell you
yet congratulations
on winning the uh... the election i hope
I wish you nothing but the best of luck with New Bridge.
Thank you.
And I just hope you will appreciate the New Bridge
as its own place.
Oh, yeah.
It'll be my own place soon.
But I hope you appreciate it.
I don't even know what the little.
But I hope you appreciate that it's
got its own unique qualities that are not just Philadelphia,
like a northern version of Philadelphia.
Like I said, I'll work hand in hand with that latest slave ship branch, yeah, to really make the place
Okay, Roy, I you know, I wish you the best of luck with this with your your your upcoming
the task that is in front of you. Thank you, and I I want to thank them voters up there and
I hope you will work hand in hand with the guillotine.
I don't know what what you mean by that. Yeah, you'll find out.
Okay, good night, rock. Wow, that is exciting. But not as exciting as the fact that NBC
see is saying that Obama wins Ohio. Did you see that, Mike? You didn't see that yet, did
you? You're on CNN. I got to get more results here. Let's see an insight to dump. I'm telling
I watched that that channel yesterday for two hours. I
Want to know what kind of moron is undecided just? I'm not sure I can't tell the difference between these two guys
You know what guy is?
You know is new, but he's kind of inexperienced and
Can I help you oh I have a man thank you Evan Funk Davies with a cameo appearance so you are
just so people know there's a secondary stream going on the people it's like an
election thing right and who's up there mack wow it's like it's like the it's
like the wow that's a that's a pretty diverse lineup up there those are good
people I like all those people so people can listen there's two different shows
you could listen to on WFM you what do you think who do you think is going to
win the election tonight Evan this one I have to say Obama you'd say Obama because
did you see that that Ohio just went to Obama what about Florida
Florida no not yet Virginia is narrowing
Pennsylvania and Ohio I don't see how McCain can forge 270 votes I don't
think he can they just gave California to McCain
Well, that's it, it's all over.
Mike voted, he was bragging to me, just to give you an idea of what Mike is about.
He was bragging, he voted six times today.
But get this, he voted six times, he voted three times for McCain, three times for Obama.
He said, why are you even voting?
FMU, you're on the air.
Tom, I'm here to spike again.
Spike?
I wanted to ask some questions.
I'm sorry he had to go.
We missed the window of opportunity, closed.
No, I wanted to know what this dress code was going to be.
What the what was going to be?
The dress code.
He said something about a dress code.
He said there's a dress code and it's going to be that man have to wear was it Philly?
these stuff and women have to wear eagles so he's got he's got a dress code along those
lines.
Oh, that's all right.
Spike do we have any reports from the campaign?
One of my correspondents, Spike covering New York City.
Oh, Obama won New York has predicted.
What does the feel like in New York City?
In your basement apartment?
basement apartment one that they have a basement apartment but uh... people
are cheering
people are going crazy in your basement apartment
celebrating
obama claiming new york city
uh... all new york yes
new york state as well
and new york c claimed all of new york state
indiana is close
with sixty eight percent of the uh... region reporting
it shows uh... john mccain with uh...
fifty one to forty eight
well that that that's not good
that that's not good we don't need indiana
that's a dive state
that's it you know it is
these people are talking about like that like that's the hard land
uh... it's the hard land you know what
strapped on our back
well what about that uh... that uh... patsy palin said that the real americans
live in the midwest
baloney
now the real americans live in big cities
yes
yes
thank you spike
over again
fm you you're on the air
hello com
it's julie from since nadi julie from since nadi
ohio
that's right
ohio does the right thing ohio does the right thing how about that
well i think so but uh... source i have
there's only thirteen percent of the three things have reported yes no
obama is like that
close to sixty percent
but that will narrow obviously
but they're calling it might narrow but it it it's a huge thing for this date
yes
it has been called
finally
i'm calling i called it yesterday
well people had not
the election had not happened yesterday
i voted two weeks ago
you did
i did
but yet
yet he's going to win
obama's going to win
yeah that's right
i'm calling it right now for the country
from ohio
and also by the way if people are still in states uh... it has not closed in
California, right? Mike, California is open, right? People still got a vote.
People still got a vote. Wait, Tom? Yes? I question how you counted these votes
though for the mayor. I tried to vote today. As soon as I went to the website,
it was too late. Well, the polls closed. Hey, they closed at a very odd time. I
I want to, you know what, Eve Ho, what do you think, what, what, what am I, it's me!
The polls closed at a weird time, yeah, you know why, because it's me, it's me doing
it and I just said, you know what, let's close it.
Yeah, the polls closed at a weird time, yeah, because I closed them.
Well, well, what does a lady think I'm doing here, what do you think I ran in front of
electoral board
i'm getting a report
coming in
something about new mexico
are you hearing this yet mike
mike you've got a dump that cnn site nbc has called new mexico
for obama
you feel it yet mike
you won't feel it's over
well and right now
and that nbc
on their map
they have obama with two hundred electoral votes
and then you add on the fifty five from california
then you add on seven
from or again what's that equal
that's what
fifty five
that's two hundred fifty five
then you add on the eleven from washington
That's 266, then Oregon puts it over the top.
This is gonna be over.
You see that, Mike?
You see it?
What did I tell you, Mike?
Before the show, Mike is his nervous wreck.
Stammer, that was actually me.
Mike was telling me to calm down.
Mike actually helped me a lot before the show.
I was a disaster.
I was starting to hyperventilate.
let's just call this uh... and when they went to the call the election
through the mercy rule on this one
fm you you're on the air
tom hi there it's uh... paul f tomkin's calling from new york new york
famous comedian paul f tomkin's
wait i thought i'd comedian
i said famous comedian paul f tomkin's
I did a little bit I appreciate you admitting that they grown up so how are you doing tonight
Paul F. Tomkins host by the way yeah of best week ever with Paul F. Tomkins that is true
which is seen every Friday night on VH1 at 11 p.m. and I have to say you've logged two
two weeks now
we're doing
i don't like the show
i love it
let's turn around i know as i got you on that one
you did i was going to quit seriously though
it's really it's it's a really funny show
are you very sweet for that you've got it you've got it it's if people
people like this guy paul of tompkins you might you might know this guy from uh...
where would somebody where would they a uh... a paul of tompkins uh...
Uh, like a, like a, you know, somebody who's not up to speed on a, on a Paul F. Tomkins.
Where would they recognize you most from from, uh, you were in a, you were in, um, a movie
called, uh, Living Will or something like that.
What?
We're in you and what was the movie that you were, somebody the other day, my late, my
lady friends said to me the other day, I saw a movie on cable with Paul F. Tomkins in
And I think she said it was called living will that does not not ring any kind of
bell for me at all maybe it was like bowfinger maybe they filmed you and didn't
tell you
that would be a waste of everyone's time because of the part of both of you
got this huge star and filmed him without his knowledge right yeah not a
guy that on the radio is struggling to come up with something that people would
So you would have gladly done living will if they would have just said, hey dude we're filming this thing.
Yeah, yeah. It's not a project of film to be filmed because I'd be happy to be in it.
Now this is filmed with cameras, right? I'll do it.
Leaving will.
I forget what it was called.
It sounds like a fun picture though.
Do you think it's like a suspense thriller?
I'm gonna pitch it. I'm gonna pitch it.
Yeah.
you and i am not where we're not supposed to talk about to show this stuff on the
air
like the uh... stuff you're not supposed to talk about stuff that's
in production
in development
you and i are taking around the movie
we're going to start uh... hopefully filming next year called phantom of the
i-max
that's correct
this is uh... this is like like uh... many great films
many good ideas i would say
uh... came about uh... over a couple of deli sandwiches
I'm just a couple guys
Sitting around a couple guys just gnashing. Yeah, just out of a notch. We we brainstorm some ideas
Over over some gigantic food. Yes
That was too big and certainly
Not food you should eat before going to an amusement park, which is what we did. We went the other fun thing we did is we went
To fight fast. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah at great adventure. Yeah, truly
This is what I will say about Frightfest.
We went there.
They sure have a lot of dry ice at Frightfest.
This is what they do, because look, you go to the thing in Los Angeles, the Universal
Studios, there's 800 monsters walking around this thing.
You go to this Frightfest at Great Adventure in New Jersey.
It's almost at the point where you're like, you have to ask somebody who works there,
where's uh...
where's anything scary in this place
other than the other uh... troglodytes
who who
who came to this thing looking for scary stuff yet who who are immediately
terrifying yes they were much scarier than anything
i don't know if if if the people who run six flags over a great adventure
uh... taking that into account
you know when they when they put it on the exorbitant ticket price
when i think that you have some uh... drug college kids
uh... walking home with uh...
uh... change i was with no shame in them
and you know that's like you know startling
but then for the real scares we have the the rest of the patrons
uh... in the place so we'll factor that in
when we do it
not to pay up to fifty dollars
that was every third
ever i would say
two out of every three of the monsters or ghouls
had a chainsaw that had no blade in it
yeah so it literally was like you're walking along in all sense like
uh...
and they don't even run at you they i guess they must be told
don't run at these people cuz some of my trip
so they're so they're just like
drift toward them slowly with your chainsaw going
uh...
i think you're going to have a lot of credit by uh... the imagining they've
been told not to run
Because then who did they not run?
Didn't even rock towards anyone.
They waited for you to just commit them.
This is the worst part of it for me.
We went, first of all, you drop way too much money
to get into this thing.
Then you're like, oh, where are the monsters?
Oh, they're in this thing.
They cost an additional five bucks
to get into the demented forest.
Yeah, demented forest.
So you go into this thing, the demented forest,
after you pay another five bucks
and then
they they send you through in groups so our our little group went through but
there was a group about thirty feet ahead of us twenty thirty feet ahead of us
so this is the experience this is my experience and i think all of our
experience
at uh...
at uh... in the demented farce we would watch
the monsters jump out of the group twenty feet ahead of us
and then watch them we would watch them reset
and so we just know where every monster was
well we would see them scamper back yeah we see them how they hold and it's
just like oh there's gonna be a guy on the right up here
yeah because we saw them all reset yet and then they come back and you're like
i know where all of you are
the worst example of that was when we went through the uh... there's sort of a
black light tunnel
yes um... where you could see
okay some of those it seems like there's a bunch of scary masks hidden on the
wall
a hang on the wall
and then uh...
uh... you you you could see a lot
people would step out from the wall people that would just all in black that
had a mask
on their head
you know and then you can walk back into the wall and then
when you got in there
so we're expecting that to happen you know that's going to happen
then you see all that the
the guy
you've got a mask of head uh... that's that's catching the blacklight
But then, uh, he was just holding a couple of masks in his hands.
Yeah, yeah, because he was trying, I guess he thought he was in the art of deception that
you'd be like, which one's going to be his head?
It doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter which one is his head, because it's only going to be at most two feet on
the left or right of his head on his hand.
Oh my God, is this some sort of Cerberus coming at me?
one's is real head
matter
before you go in
don't touch any of the ghouls yeah because the ghouls will not touch you
yeah there was this warning just they just like
because you know it's some point some guy
must have hauled off
and knocked a ghoul out cold yeah yeah
uh... i was not going to touch him but i can't know that yeah uh...
oh no
there are many youtube videos i saw one the other day
of uh... of people being scared by people in costumes
and then the people punching the person in the costume out
and i saw one where the guy
just as a scarecrow
uh...
sitting on his porch for Halloween have you seen this one
i have not seen that one he's got the bulk of candy on his lap so the idea is
that the kids come up
reach of the candy
how do you get a
one goes to get some candy
and uh...
uh...
difference riders have to run away
which is where i was in the moment to fight a monster exactly exactly that's a
very brave person boy oh boy it's not me i am
my favorite of all those videos is a uh... is one
that takes place in a school
i've watched this i've watched this
inner i watched this probably no joke
sixty times uh... in a row
I just kept reloading it, it's a thing where there's a kid in a school, it's like in a
high school or middle school pretending to do an interview with students and he's like
he says to this kid it's like so are you gonna be going out for Halloween or something like
that are you gonna go trick-or-treating and the kid goes nah and then out of the garbage
can that's like next to like this kid goes the lid goes up it's like one of
those garbage cans where the lid is attached yes the bigger cycle he
jumps up he goes and the kid hauls off socks the kid in the werewolf costume
straight in the face you see the kids slump down back into the garbage and
the lid falls back over him again and yeah it's one of the funniest things
It's like a whack-a-mole.
It was like whack-a-mole.
It's so, it's so lightning fast.
Yeah.
It's so lightning fast.
It's so lightning fast.
And what's really, cause I watched it again a little bit today to get myself in the spirit
of Halloween, I guess, but uh, the kid, all the kid in the trash can does is stand up.
Yeah.
That's it.
He doesn't make anything.
So it's attacking the other guy, or even holding the other hand, and just saying just
stands up in this trash can
with t-shirt a dumb mask and a top hat
stands up
ladies i can't even make some noise
and i'll tell you
and we got a laser mount immediately
this kid connects
that morning when that dude jumps out of the garbage can
got to punch him right in the face yeah like as if it was on his mind all day
as if he'd be like as if he would practice for that moment
but we're gonna have you about your home with a monster drawing on it
because he has to stay after school for like monster punching practice
and then that was the game and then that was the game
and then he um he's fighting him he punched that kid
and this is the unfortunate part about it
is that the name of the clip,
which is the problem with YouTube, YouTube,
people, the YouTube community,
is, I'm gonna say on the evolutionary scale,
is probably below bear and dog.
Oh, sure.
And just like,
I'm gonna do generous.
Yeah, exactly, but it's just like,
they put, it's like, well, it said like,
black kid scared or something like black kid,
Like the kid who punched the monster happened to be a black kid, happened to me, had nothing
to do with the clip.
Which then, which by the way opened up a thing where I started watching these clips on YouTube
tracking things down, the names that these racist jerks give things on YouTube are horrible.
There's like a clip of a kid falling, getting pushed into like a little stream.
Yeah, he's crossing that, there's like a log way across the stream.
And then his jerk brother, like, starts kicking the log away.
He's like, yeah, he's like, stop it, stop it.
It can fall as in, they laugh.
And the name of the clip is like, stupid Mexican.
It's like, it has, it's, it's children.
The ethnicity does not factor in here.
Yeah, you can do it first of all, because that's stupid. You do the thing. You've done to him.
I don't know how that makes him stupid.
Yeah.
I mean, one of these ways you have to do it, I think it's everything about it.
It's a horrible clip, and it's wildly named.
Yeah.
Stupid Mexican.
So...
That's neither here nor there. That's fun.
Those are fun. Those are trifles.
Yeah.
These are baguetels.
Yeah, me baguetel.
over one of the great thing that happened at six bucks
well uh... there was a band to remember the name of the band
um... diablo uh...
all
what was it
it was diablo
surprise or something like that
and double royale diablo royale your great adventure
they'll pay a hot gig it's a flag to find hot gig it's it's like on
one of those stages
that are completely artificial where
it's it's it's it's the sound is amazing because they have this stage built
for
for for anybody to play on it
and that they will they will
it's a it's just amazing sound system for this for this uh... little stage
the drummer is playing up in a little
he's playing ten feet off the stage in like a little window because it's so
it's just it's made to sound
that kind of like controlled loudness
where it's like we're rocking and you're like wow the guitars are
present and there but there's no there's no kind of
feedback on them or anything
so this band Diablo
double royale
they're playing we're walking through the after the great adventure and then
all of a sudden
we start hearing this singer
start cursing
Like, you bleep, and let's get some bleep, and, like, I think...
Let's get some bloopin' noise!
Yeah, exactly, it's like, and I'm tellin' ya,
I am going to do this.
I'm going to write a letter to Great Adventure
and see if I can get some free tickets out of it.
Sure, absolutely.
Because...
Oh, yeah, you should be a rush to go back there.
But meanwhile, this was the...
It was the...
I was not offended at all. I thought it was maybe the highlight of our trip. Oh, but I was out of great adventure
But I still have the leeway
To justify that I was offended by that and see if I could squeeze some free passes out of it. Yes
Yeah, because if you let's see you there with your with your wife, you could say
Well, I was I was on a trip to Six Flags with my family with my family and I heard this and we were shocked
And I wouldn't be lying because we were shocked in a hilarious way
absolutely i was shocked in a way like
this is the greatest thing i've heard
i'm shocked at how hilarious that is
and uh...
so it was it was so great that was the highlight
and now and now just so you know
tonight i don't know if you're aware of this election that's going on yes
yes
right now they have uh... oh uh... barack obama
and uh... and uh... let me see what is told that
tells it
three electoral votes for him right now
don't
wait what they have him at three and john mccain is that uh...
four hundred forty eight
i don't want
oh no that's the wrong with that that news max
yeah i think
news man
you ever see that site news max
not a long time
i think that's always with you
you showed it to me
they have obama two hundred
and mccain at ninety so basically though when you add the west coast
uh... you take your fifty five from california
you take your uh... your uh... eleven
from uh... washington state
right there that sixty six
i put them to sixty six
then you take your seven
from oragon
and i think this thing's gonna happen
i think so
i think so i think this is he's up in florida
virginia is neck and neck he's up in in north carolina
indiana is neck and neck
colorado he's up big has yet to come in
navada is is is you know
say i think this thing's gonna happen
i think so
it's it's scary though it's it's it's nerve-racking to watch this and i'm
talking to you now i'm sort of relieved to have a break but also i'm i'm kind of
going crazy to not be watching every second and earlier today
I was thinking, well, what's it gonna be?
Like, she's just gonna sit there
and just watch that for hours and hours?
And then that's immediately,
like the moment I turned on the TV,
I realized that is exactly what's going to happen.
I'm going to be watching this.
Oh, I'm really watching this, like it's a fun show.
You know, like it's an exciting drama,
like it's an episode of 24 or something.
Yeah, I know.
what it was
if you watch the hologram on cn and mike wants to know
i thought a little bit of that it was very impressive as they made it out to
me but i i didn't see me holographic people which they had promised which i
saw
when i went over i saw mike and i were over at a uh... pizza parlor
before the show
and uh...
local pizzeria
we're over there
mike's eating uh...
He eats a full pizza before every show.
Oh, that's heavy.
It's this weird pizza.
It's like weird sausage and pineapple.
Oh, that's, well, teach it home, I guess.
Who am I a judge?
So he's there loading up on his pizza.
And we're watching on the flat screen TV in this pizza parlor.
We're watching the, we're watching the thing go down.
And they show Wolf Blitzer as all of a sudden talking.
Also, I thought he was talking to Princess Leia being beamed in out of R2-D2.
That's what everybody said it was going to be like.
But it was dumb.
It's like, hey everybody, guess what?
The election.
It's like, yeah, this boring thing to see who the next leader of the free world is.
We're going to soup it up.
Yeah.
We know this thing's a snooze.
Of all the elections that did not need a bunch of bells and whistles.
Exactly.
you know how the most important election of your life
uh... is about to go down
well guess what we're gonna we're gonna juice it up
make sure we hold your attention with this uh...
with this news fest
we're gonna be minutes we're gonna make it look like uh... are too deep to is on
the cn and floor
beaming in different correspondence talking to wolf blitzer
and this guy wolf blitzer has to stand there
and talk
and image being beamed in
and pretend
that this is
anything that's and you know
this is the thing with this election that has gone on
i will say
it is it's been very exciting by the way brocco bomb and now is in the lead in
virginia he is now fifty to forty nine over mccain
fantastic and um...
there's this weird kind of sense of
between the debate the you tube debate where these guys are standing there
talking to a snowman
got about that
this is my prediction for the two thousand twelve debate
i'm not kidding there will be
it may not be a presidential debate but one of the party debates
will be conducted
by saturday night live
they will
conduct a uh... debate where it'll be like uh...
lorin michaels will uh... moderated
and he will say uh... the next question uh...
about uh...
about uh... uh... clean air but uh...
who clean fuel up
comes from uh... any pollers alinda
the very
the very idea of that is so repellent and that but you can see it happening
can't you
uh... i i can certainly happening and it's the idea that that the
but the characters would order to be asking real question but there's a
thing like they didn't be
they'd be doing the voices but they'd be asking actual serious questions
just remember this this has already happened
a snowman already asked these guys a question
that has that is behind us that has happened
there has been a debate
in which a snowman
ask the question and these guys had
they should have all walked off the stage at once
and said
they should have all looked at each other
and not it
and said
we all we all are at each other's throats
with this election
but there's one thing we have in common
with two things in common
we love america
and this is the most debasing thing we have ever been subjected to yet to
have to talk to a snowman
yes
the idea of these guys have to actually stand there and put up with that's why
say
might even be mad tv
they might even have mad tv do it
i got to ask a question to uh... to uh...
michael mcdonald
the little kid character at stuart
just to work right
he's like the alternate universe uh... will ferrule
well i never thought of it that way
where he's a lot of food
where it's like
except um...
except nobody's exactly exactly making the movies
well you know he he why why should he do the good thing
it you're a fair enough
the one up
efficient a small pond you know who am i who am i to get on a uh...
who might have get on a uh... michael mcdonald this is doing this thing
after i
that's a picture of it but my bad that's my bad
that one of you
now i would like to did you uh... by the way you know they had all the free
stuff today
all uh... yeah i heard about that
and i will say that
i was furious
that i did not get a sticker
because that denied you free stuff although i'm not not not because i mean
freestuff i didn't find out about the freestuff until later
but i just wanted that this is like a big
uh... you know i think i i kind of consider this election a big deal
and uh... i want to have my whole sticker
that that there are many opportunities
as an adult
to uh... indulge in uh... in in
this you're having a pride of of of of uh... are earning a sticker
you know what you mean
me proud and vote and that's it
yeah you mean being a part of the most historical election in our life
yeah i think that's what made me want the sticker kind of
yeah they maybe could have thrown you the sticker
yeah
Yeah, oh, it's bad enough that the voting machine broke down when I was three away from
going into the booth and then the voting machine breaks.
And I had a wave of panic of, is this what happens now, is this actually not, am I actually
not going to get to vote in the election?
And then they started handing out paper ballots and then I wasn't sure, is this better or
worse?
Maybe this is actually better because it's a physical, tangible thing.
And so I filled it out, wrote it, and then I was walking out, and I was looking around
like, where's the sticker dispensary, you know, how it worked, and I heard that I was
walking out, I was walking up to the door, and I heard a guy, he was already having the
conversation with one of the people that worked there.
And I heard her say, we just don't have them.
It's rather than running out or anything, they just didn't have them.
Then I got to work, got to the office.
There's all these other people same things voted in all different precincts and everything
They just went out giving out stickers in New York City
So it's kind of like the sticker thing was kind of like a participating McDonald's
So you may be next time you have to find out which maybe you have to move
Maybe I do you might have to figure out you might have to relocate. Maybe they haven't been Brooklyn. I don't know
Yeah, I bet you they did have the stickers in Brooklyn have the weirdos out there. They're weird stickers
They probably do have weird stickers. So anyway, it probably have a curse word like I haven't voted. Yeah, exactly
I was that I was worried because I like to before my show. This is I've been in this mode today
I'm a super so I'm super sick. Like I know that's ridiculous a superstition
I know me losing an air hockey game is not going to tip the election to John McCain.
I know that, but you know what?
Just didn't want to rock the boat.
I was not out to rock the boat.
I needed some sort of stability in my mind to not have that be a component of it.
Do not have to think about that for the next five hours that I lost two games of air hockey.
and and also that would be like that would just be on me
i didn't need that
uh...
i didn't because i'm like the john
i am the uh... the brock obama
of of uh... air hockey
they just said aila goes for obama
as it should
as it should
and that
my friend
all of thompkins
that that that's that's a that's a corker because uh... i will was uh...
uh... was uh... read last time that's right that's right
is that the way and the way i had to go
and where it has to go
is that mccain had to run the table yes in such a way
that uh... he already is not
it is not not done
um... this impossible
uh... this and it is that he uh... ohio and pennsylvania
right off the top right there
ding and dong
yet that had to go uh... that had to go to uh... to uh... mccain straight up
joe the plumber on a job the plumbers doing that i thought about that
it today
don't like t-shirts i'm so glad he's over
with his dumb tight t-shirts
and moron
there was i saw
some rally where
he's on the stage
and another guy's asking him questions yeah like he's anybody
they have a word or a bonus soda
you think about it was really good he was to kill israel right
and i don't know what i don't know uh...
you know uh... i don't know if you don't have far but uh... you know you got a
wonder and that that was a thing i kept hearing a lot in this
in the in the waning days of this campaign was
that that republican thing
where they were saying or not saying that uh...
you know he hates uh... you know he hates america but you got a wonder
what what what what you got a wonder i don't have to wonder if you don't know
there's no ground for one day wonder yeah
especially this is this uh...
troglodite
who uh... who you know
who who who has no problem like
he's like i'm ready to check out of this thing
and then he's just like can't get off the stage
but he's a guy who's like basically said
he's kind of you know he's like a little bit
he's not right talk about leaving i gotta get out of here
i can't take it anymore
still show up every week
i know where the door is
i want to get out i should get out
but this joe the plumber this this uh...
he's he is as i can't wait it what do you think joe the plumber's final
thing is does joe the plumber do a
an adult feature
yeah i think so i bet you he doesn't adult feature with like somebody looks
like Sarah Palin yeah because his name already sounds like a a porno character
yeah joe the plumber this guy and he said this this moron's talking about
look about how though the talking of plumbers as if they're uh as if
they're uh the salt of the earth let me tell you
i just got gouged by a plumber two weeks ago on at home
yeah
these plumbers
this is this guy is this
this guy is did a day's work
and uh... and uh...
is living pretty uh... pretty high on the hog
for for what he did for a day and a half
yeah to to my house
it's like the humble mechanic
the humble mechanic
who charges you fourteen hundred dollars
For two and a half hours work. Yeah, yeah
Joe the plumber
What a creep he looks like he should have a like a
Like a tranquilizer dart shot in him like like he needs to be like subdued
Like he escaped from a lab and then shaved himself so that he could blend in with other
people.
Like in the movie The Fugitive, Harrison Ford got his hands on some hair dye and shaved
his beard off.
Joe the plumber looks like he jumped into a vat of nair and then, uh, and then stole
some clothes off a clothesline.
He does sort of look like, uh, uh, uh, like a strong man from a circus movie.
He just looks like a bully.
Like, you know that this guy's a bully.
Yeah.
Oh, he's just so gross.
Joe the plumber.
And then he's people.
Joe the pli- I see these signs.
Joe the plumber.
Like, I'm like, on somebody's lawn.
going to be out of your marbles uh... so it did to in any way think
that that's that that's aspirational
yet them people really felt for that
they were all felt they felt for Sarah Palin you know
that she was this great
like that
think that they were talking about her like she was a great person yeah
when she was like the meanest
worst monster
she means she had a jerk yeah
does a mean bullying jerk yeah
the way she talked about
well like the whole uh... everything like the community organizer thing that
was disgusting
uh...
well they were horrible when they win
which it looks like things are pointing that way
like i i was here in two thousand i sat up here
and watch that uh... debacle go down
two thousand four i sat here and then it got even worse i left here where did i
go
up to the air america celebration party
all my god
i'd left here i drove into the city
to work to party down
with the air america people
as we as we welcomed in president carry
and i can i got to watch
i got to watch the light go out in the eyes of uh... sam cedar i think i
watch him die a little bit
that night
and
and i was going to call him today but he's a nice guy like i love sam cedar
i was going to call him to say hey what what what's your take on stuff as i was
freaking out
but then also i was like you know what
that's the guy who last time i talked to him he's like
this is over
he's like carry has got this thing in the bag
he was one of the guys who
took the bait on those exit polls
four years ago i think they should have put his face up on the thing
and let it goes on more
more and more sweat appears on the
on the picture
yet he was
more power to me is doing a thing tonight i think with the mark marin so i
people can probably check that
and i checked that they're here
yeah it sounds like a lot of fun
uh...
i want what i
voted with two thousand four election i was in london i was working on uh...
it's a little show called kelsey grammar presents the sketch show
that was on uh... the fox network
was indeed
uh... for a couple weeks
and uh...
i was there in in the november two thousand for a vote absentee ballot and
it was me and three other americans that were there were in the cast and
we were watching the the earliest
earliest returns because of the time difference
and everything looks great
and we went to bed and then we woke up and it was like a reverse christmas
morning
uh...
when you wake up like uh... uh... it's going to be great and where i was
talking and then
what i'm going to do like that there must be some of you
this is
this is impossible god oh no no no
it's like it's like every bad sitcom where uh... like different strokes
where they come downstairs on christmas morning the trees gone
yes yes
exactly and that weird dude uh stole it
who were the who uh... willess that made friends with
yeah and they've realized what was really important
uh... was not present but uh... having somewhere to be on christmas whereas
what we realized the rule of the really important thing was
that george bush not only election
but uh... but he did
yes he did
so how about the timing of uh... w the office don't you know i'm going to see
that's what i'm going to see it's what i can see it now
i can go see it now and i'll laugh and i'll laugh
now because it's
because it happened
out the sweat anymore
but it's it's so
it's uh... i i know you mean but it's like
uh... that guy is
uh... cool so far in the in the rear of the mirror at this point
but there's such a rush like no get on i don't ever want to talk about that
guy ever again i will i am looking forward to
the the will-feral stage play though
i'm serious i will see that
that is actually gonna be a thing yes he's gonna do he's going to do but it
starts on uh... inauguration day for like a month and a half
it's a george w bush one-man show
when it where they can be in new york
let's go together i will gladly see that
i will go to see that too
so uh... so paul if tomkins
yet i'm nate silver over at five thirty eight dot com
has said
he says uh... obama to become next president
nate silver at uh... five-third you know what i'm going to do that
i can arrive this out
nate silver
may have called it
look we see what's going to happen here
so we can live in this and let the things be a little surprises it's like
when we were at the demented forest
exactly
we could be so we could be in quote
quote surprised
close quote by the ghouls jumping up
and tom has in this whole election that's a long election been one
demented forest
let's call back
so people
just know that paul tompkins is the host of
best week ever with paul tompkins and uh...
on uh... the uh... vh1
cable uh... channel on
friday nights eleven p-m i think it reruns on the weekend
yes it does you can keep online i think they've posted on the website and it's
available for podcast couple days after it airs
it's a good show it's uh... we go off to a good start i think with the new
format we're still figuring some stuff out but it's been a lot of fun to do
it's really i i i think it's a it's a great show in all seriousness
it's really funny and it's uh... it for people who are fans of you
it is it is uh...
it is an ideal home for you
all that is nice for you to say i appreciate the endorsement you have a
great night
time you have a great election night thank you
it's gonna happen mike
i told you
mike was why you should have seen mike watching me freak out mike was like
calm down tom
he just said straight calm down
he just got you mike was like
mike saw it going down mike
saw me losing my marbles. Thank you, Mike, for keeping me on
target. Right now we got Obama 207, McCain at 135. So you, we're
talking about the free stuff early. By the way, people can call
201-209-9368, talk about the election, the results coming in, give a call, 201-209-9368.
What's that, Mike?
Oh, we're getting to that.
We're getting to that.
Mike wants the Kevin Smith talk.
yet. Last week I went to a concert. That's why I was not here last week and I want to
thank Mike Lupica for filling in. I appreciate that. What concert was I at? I was at the
jz concert at the uh... at the uh...
eyes on center
it was uh... it was the bill was uh...
jz
little wane
nio
and uh... a a group called debloc
so we got get there
D-block come out, they do their set,
and it is exactly what everybody is scared
that live hip hop is gonna be like,
it was, you know, at one point,
there were 15 guys on stage,
each, you know, most of them with microphones,
and you kind of just can't hear anything.
So, it's kind of just messy and sloppy,
sloppy, and I'm saying, oh, good heavens.
I hope this is not the sound quality for the evening tonight.
Please do not let this be the sound for tonight.
Then, Neo comes up.
He's doing his thing.
He's more of, as he called himself, an R&B cat
on the hip-hop bill.
Doing all his dancing, the Michael Jackson dancing.
It was fun.
I think I put his energy into it more power to him then little Wayne comes out and
The crowd loves this guy. He's little Wayne is like a yeah, it's like a hero a little bit
You know, he's got a huge album this year
The Carter 3 which I'm not a fan of his his when it comes to just straight
Flow for lack of a better word
little Wayne, he's up at the top there.
He's as good as it gets.
He can just go and go and go.
And he freestyles, it's truly something special.
So that's going on.
So he comes out and the crowd's loving it.
Yay, they're just cheering, cheering everybody.
Then he goes out, he does this thing.
He's got a band behind him, like a rock group behind him.
and they're playing and then at a point and you know he's doing these songs
they're kind of those dead junky hip-hop that the Lil Wayne does it's like the
you know crummy beats dumb pop hooks this guy on this you know I'll take this
guys at a mixtapes any day over his album. So, then he reaches over, he picks up his
guitar. The Lil Wayne puts on his green guitar and now he goes from being one of
the best rappers going to being the front man for maybe the worst group rock
group I've ever seen live. He's playing guitar. I kid you not. He's playing guitar like you
play guitar hero guitar with this thumb. He's using his thumb on the strings. He doesn't
have a pick. He's not strumming it with his hands. He's hitting one string with his thumb
as if he's playing guitar hero but he's chained to this dumb guitar now for song
after song for like 40% of the show it's him with this guitar it's all it was
almost like the the child emperor like where he says like I want I want a guitar
when I'm on stage yes Lil Wayne I want to front a rock group yes Lil Wayne
Nobody going. You know what? No. That's the dumbest thing I ever heard.
It starts to lose the audience, this guy.
This guy starts losing the audience. People start sitting down now.
And there's a packed arena.
It's a packed arena.
it's going to start to lose the crowd. Then, get some back a little bit, ends the set.
And now I'm like, oh please don't let this Jay-Z thing go down the turtlet the way the,
I don't want that go down the turtlet the way that Lil Wayne set just did.
But you know what? No fears. I got no fears with that.
Jay-Z comes out.
It's guys like Elvis, telling you.
He comes out, he's got the crowd in the palm of his hand from the get-go.
go
kills it
full band behind them sounds great like it sounds great
just
cranking it out hit after hit
he's got the crowd in the palm of his head like a patrolling the stage like
Elvis
people can't get enough of it
then he's doing the song uh... blue magic
from uh... from the uh... american gangster
soundtrack
people by the way in california or again and washington keep voting
stay on those lines
then
he does the song and there's a line in the song where it's like blank
bush you know president bush
bad word
president bush
and on the video screens is a great video screen is going all the images
it's fantastic
stops on a picture of bush
freezes it
huge huge thing of george w bush on the screen
boo
for a minute jacie stops song leaves that thing on the screen
then uh...
on by the way during little Wayne said he had one point
during it
he brought out a guitar a a like a keyboard throne
and and leaned over on it and did a prayer
and prayed for that america would elect the with the right president
next week
why
got one named names
well what what's he worried about
like
he's got uh...
well when it's no problem getting uh... tattoo on his face
but apparently
is concerned that he's going to lose fans if he all of a sudden
dried uh... drops uh... you know
is going to lose mccain supporters
like what
So then JZ stops with the picture of Bush on the screen.
Then he goes and does this thing by the song Minority Report.
Like an acapella version of it, which is all about Katrina.
There's a really bad version on one of his,
an album from a couple years ago.
So acapella thing's great.
Fantastic.
Then he puts Bush's picture back on the screen.
Boo, everybody giving him the one gun salute.
And then, Jay-Z says, let's change it up on the screen.
Obama goes up on the screen.
And you know what?
I ate it up.
I'll admit it.
I was moved by it.
You know why?
I'm in this.
I'm suffering.
I'm in hell.
I've been in hell with this election for months.
I have way too much invested in this election emotionally.
It's time this stupid country actually took a step forward.
I got way too much on it.
I'll admit it.
Come on, Virginia, keep going.
Keep going.
That way, David can keep calling.
like a keep playing uh... records on this court
but with this on before the before jz came out on stage
he played this cold place song
like through on the sound system and it's like
why do these like hip-hop uh... artists all
they'll love uh... uh... cold play
like they think that guy's good that guy's awful
chris martin
then again a guy like uh... trembling eagle
would tell you
the jz is is is the is the hit it in the end of the others are the
they're the cold play of hip hop
but he would be wrong of course
Oh, FMU, you're on the air?
Hello, I buy on the air or are you talking to somebody else?
No, no, you're on the air.
I am calling from Maine, Tom, this is Sarah.
Hey, Sarah, how are you doing?
I'm doing okay, just figured I'd let you know that Maine is doing the right thing, doing the right thing.
right thing is made now completely locked in all the all the
his main goes it it district
how does main work main is not a solid
straight-up win when you win when you uh... with with main
that's right that's right it's it split according to the two districts and in
fact my county is still on the cnn map
red
but i have
i'm pretty sure that it will end up blue
and msnbc nbc's map
has main straight-up blue all for uh...
all for uh... of the uh... the votes going to uh... obama
i i'm i fully expect that i just
lubeck strangely enough hasn't uh... reported in yet to uh... to cnn i guess
now is loop that is where you live is that a is that a uh...
is that a kind of a liberal enclave
within uh...
that the district you're in
it's a weird it's it's a lot of
monies end up here i being an example
uh...
but a lot of a lot of the fishermen are democrats so you know
it's pretty reliable it's pretty reliable
now what has been the most
stressful part of this uh... this uh... election for you i know i saw you
had posted over at the on the uh... friends at home message board that you were
you were kind of feeling the heat
my problem has been that i have allowed myself to have some hope
for it for for the country i mean it's the first time in my life
that i've actually had hope
for the country
i feel sort of you know i'm i'm i'm gonna get yelled at by those people who
got mad at michelle obama for saying that for the first time you know she was
proud to be an american
and uh... you know i i i don't have a hope you know i don't like to be
disappointed and so
you know i'm leery of it
and uh...
i mean my sister had to go to bed
because she just was being too anxious at seven thirty
really yeah yeah she'll wake she gets up normally about one in the morning so
you know you know
she'll let about the right time to check but she'll wake up to a pleasant
surprise
yes that yes and i probably will be calling her to to let her know she's
prepared to to receive that call
but it's uh... and i had to be very careful i went out today i had to be
very careful not talk to anyone just in case anyone said anything that got me
depressed
you know i know i was i was in some this is kind of
weird uh... this weird state today where i was just holding
to a to a normal day i didn't want anything to go out of out of the ordinary
today
it was i was in various it was weirdly superstitious which i am not
i i know i know i know me too i i ended up watching a repeat of uh... i think
i don't know the first or second
series of top chef
because that was something you know
yes
does things like that you were you were
i hear you
loud and clear
you know what
you think that maybe we can have a from hope it's gonna happen
i would be at it it would be
it would be a remarkable thing
i mean to think that the the rest of the world
all those people who are talking about all of a terror i mean it's silly
joe biden talking about
all there's going to be some big test i think the rest of the world i think
terrorist
are going to sit back and say
let's give this guy a chance
it's awesome
it really is it really is
you know what
did you ever think that you were going to see that this country take a step
forward
we're actually you know letting someone of of of color
actually
into a position of power good lord
no no no and ever since nineteen eighty when reagan was elected in nineteen
eighty
i just i watched those returns and i was just i was devastated
when he won
and ever since then especially i've just been
grim
about it all
no this is i mean it's it's and it's going to be a really strange and how do
you deal with being hopeful
i don't know i don't know i don't know if i can handle it um... you can handle it
you will
if these red socks fans learned how to win
they learned how to accept the fact that the red socks actually won
that's it you know that i thought i thought the people in in uh... in uh...
in in massachusetts weren't going to know today i thought they were going to
be jumping out of windows because they didn't know what to do with actual
success
oh i know i know i i thought that they would they'd all just they would have
nothing to nothing to get up for yeah the next day they would know what to do
i know i know i was worried to an instead i mean they were they turned into
jerks yeah they exactly they got very accustomed
very quickly oh yeah the idea of being winners
let's hope that doesn't happen to us
you know what it won't because we we are are
perennial second-guessers
and
and uh... over thinkers
yet yet that anyone who who thought that that obama supporters were going to
become complacent
no
i think that i was watching msnbc earlier and Rachel Maddow was looking
so
just
worried
worried
although i don't know where she was at that air america thing i was at
four years ago because she was on the station at that point
I watched all those people just suffer through having to read these horrifying things when
it's all of a sudden they're watching states just kind of slip away and they thought they
had it in the bag, you know, it was something else to see that and now so everybody's been
beaten into that role of just assuming that it's going to go bad and assuming that it
can't work out and you just assume that everybody was going to like
secretly just vote against obama
like when they got in i had some perverse
nightmare that literally he was going to get fifty votes
for all of america
there was going to be some insane thing
where it be just like all the way and everybody's a creepy racist
here i forgot
and then it's like
no it it
and and
i would be a one of the things i was doing i was walking around i'm not a
prayer
you know
but i was walking around young people young people you know all of them were
saying all you know that you know those young folk
they always say they're gonna they're gonna vote a certain way and then they
don't show up at the polls because they're all too busy you know getting
higher yes you know
fornicating or something yes
but i i was sitting there just come on come on
i i am i am really i'm flabbergasted i'm flabbergasted
i i uh...
i might actually be happy for a moment
you will
and i will i will
our condition indeed
you will enjoy this sarah
i will i plan to favor it
and you have a great night
you too
but sorry
if i'm you're on the air
a comic fairman you brought with
it's a man who brought with sarah men who brought with
how are you tonight
putative quality caller
how are you
i'm i'm in good spirit
are people partying in new Brunswick
i think people are more good to their television think they're going to be
partying and probably an hour self
they're not going to turn the grease trucks over are they
hopefully not no no you know guys have something common with obama
those guys are rooting for him too i think
well what's that supposed to mean
well no those guys they all like
those guys have something in common with obama
it would have a you know like a simple you know what they could like the name
barak for instance
now do it so now i want to hear you explain this
i'm not letting you off the hook on this one
nobody brought nobody brought it up the entire election
barak is the name of the horse that mohammed road
to smash the rock and don't
all right you're you're troubling me i don't want to hear this tonight
this guy with his uh...
krypto
and those guys in the truck
and they got something to celebrate too
they got on common with him
yeah cuz i remember uh...
one of my favorite places to eat when i was in chicago was that uh...
brocco bomber sandwich truck
you racist
fm you you're on the air
Thomas Bryan in Orlando Bryan in Orlando, Florida looking to do the right thing. What do you think? I don't know
There and they're not working too well with that game marriage, man
In Florida. Yeah, we have you know proposition eight in California. Mm-hmm. We have something that's basically the same
Not looking too well. Yeah, well
Well, still let's keep our fingers crossed.
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, let's keep our fingers crossed.
This might happen.
It's gonna happen.
You think it's gonna happen?
It's gonna happen, Tom.
I can't say it yet.
I can't.
Say it, say it, Tom.
You say it.
Heave ho.
Let me tell me what to say.
So they had all this free stuff that you could get today like the like Starbucks, you could
get a free cup of coffee and like I was so trapped in this ritual.
I was like, I was saying to myself, please, please Lord.
The last thing I wanted was to go to Starbucks and have this line out the door of all these
driftwood trying to get their free coffee and it was nuts by the way the
coffee was like a free tall regular cup of coffee which is like if you know
anything about Starbucks that's one of the most disgusting things there's a
reason why the secret to Starbucks is when you go there and they have that
it's kind of like the Phantom of the Opera's organ pipes filled with like it's like the thing
of all the different serums against the wall it's like they're like organ pipes in in the
Phantom of the Opera going off the wall that's the only thing that makes that stuff palatable
is them putting a couple a couple hits from those things in there you can't drink that stuff straight
that's a nasty bitter coffee. Thankfully, I thought it was going to be a zoo. People
lined up trying to get their free coffee. Thank goodness it wasn't. I was able to get
in there and get my drink before the show. That way I could be ready to do what I got
to do here
to be ready
kids got to do it is got to do kid jersey
holding it down
fm you you're on the air
i think i'm a camera guy
how are you tonight sara i want to apologize maybe i've made a bit of an
overstatement
yeah i think you might have
well good brock obama does give the guys working to the restructure but you
know their children one day two could be president yes now you're trying to
now you're trying to be like
everybody's got hope that they can be present in two
that's not what you said before
i'd i don't have all of the president i could not i'm getting ready to have
things that would totally
negate my candidacy yeah
your candidate
i don't don't worry not none of us
or none of us are are are uh... disillusioned and now that you're you're
making it clear that you will not be seeking higher office
but silly boy though
Later in Ubridge. Philly boy Roy just showed that it's possible. You're right and it literally if
Philly boy Roy can win anybody can win. Yeah
Anybody can I'm more shocked right now about because you know Philly boy
I was watching the results every day he was getting a lot of votes
So it's kind of expecting something but but the little the little Wayne playing guitar
You kidding me?
No, I'm not kidding you he have like a band
yes he had a band what what what what we think what kind of music were they
playing it was like a rock band they were like rocking they're playing rock
versions of the of their of his songs yes that's despicable despicable that
little way would you know that you could spend all this money to go through a
lane and actually it all for you don't worry I was there to see Jay Z yeah I
didn't spend a nickel for a little Wayne I really am positive like you said
What is Coldplay thing? Why are they all of Coldplay?
Yeah, why they all love him.
You racist.
On this night of all nights.
They.
You ghoul.
Whew!
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi, Tom. It's Matthew from Green Point.
Matthew from Green Point. How are you tonight?
I'm doing well.
You excited about the election?
You betcha I uh went to my polling place at six in the morning. You betcha. What are you Sarah Palin?
My golly. She's gonna be gone soon. How's that feel? What she's gonna be gone put her on the scrap heap next to John Wayne
Bobbit and and
all these other
Colorful characters who can who can it came through they kind of they kind of cycle through America the kid who caught the
uh... jeffrey my mayor
who caught the you'd the
the home run ball
the Yankee game
uh...
what do you think of uh... pailin 2012
she's gonna be doing a judge program like a genie piero
you see that judge judge genie piero you know do you see that
remember her running for uh...
against hillary clinton where she's like hillary clinton's a carpet bagger
she's not she's not real
and meanwhile three years later
this geney piro's hosting a judge program
i've got to see you really made a uh...
hardline commitment to serving the public
i could see you're doing a talk shown on like uh...
regi lake
where do you think these people end up now let's uh...
where are they now's for this uh... for this election
uh... to the plumber
open to the plumbing business
and it fails within four months
so he finally gets to open his plumbing business
right and he just runs it right to the ground
you think
uh... john
mcclayne goes back to john mcclayne
so it was back to die hard
became a private movie.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi Tom.
Hi, who's this?
It was Lori, I was off and happened to claim things.
How are you doing?
I'm doing very well.
I started out like you very nervous and now I'm like nodding and clapping my hands,
angry, and I'm just happy.
I have a question though.
Yes.
North Carolina is very close right now.
Are you just playing anything off of merge records if it goes red?
No. Nope.
Not for four years.
No big dipper?
Nope. Oh dear.
Well, even though Obama's winning
Nope. And is going to win.
Nope. Aww. Well, Florida is still
uh... leaning obama by uh... small margins but i'm happy to say my county
is definitely leaning uh... obama by a
wider margin is with it with eighty percent reporting is fifty one forty eight
yep
and it it looks
like it's definitely going to go blue finally
and then will when florida goes that's twenty seven right there that way right
right right and then it's just like insurmountable
yet that exactly i mean look this is this is this uh... guy needed a uh...
he needed a a a a like a
a miracle a miracle that's a perfect way for that to happen
uh... and so i i am sad though like that other colors that about
uh... proposition to
i mean it's the most ridiculous thing game marriage is already illegal in
florida
why do we have to have this
homophobic redundant
thing on our ballot if it's already illegal in Florida. It makes no sense.
I mean, it's just awful. What was that put on there as a way to try to just, I guess
diminished California and, well, I guess Massachusetts too. But also as a way to just
get people to come out and vote
you mean
close-minded big it
i i guess though
uh...
i don't know i mean that there were
like a handful of other states that had it on their
ballot to and i just don't get it
virginia
virginia's a positive let's keep a posy obama
virginia with fifty
it's at uh... fifty to forty nine with ninety one percent of the precincts
reported
i know
and and for a fit
also fifty one forty nine with eighty
what i
let me reflect eighty
eighty percent reporting
yeah
eighty percent
that's what it looks like
so what do you drink it tonight laura
uh...
you said you're drinking
all you know why
keeping you keeping your company
yeah
best friend
No. I am a special occasion drinker.
It's just you and me. Can I have one?
It's just me flirting my words.
A little bit. A little bit.
Okay. All right. Thank you, Lauren. Thank you.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi, Tom.
Hi, who's this?
This is Brian.
In?
I'm in Columbus, Ohio.
That's right.
Great planes now.
Now they can get played all the time.
Thomas Jefferson's slave apartments.
I am glad to hear that all of my favorite rock acts
will continue to be played.
Perubu, Devo, everybody's home free now in Ohio.
James Gang.
James Gang.
Everybody.
Florida better come through, get Tom Petty.
Otherwise, I'll smash my Tom Petty records.
On the air.
on the air i will smash my tom petty records
a letter to enter
yes
so so uh... well what's going on with you brian
i'm just uh...
glad to be on the right side for one
it's excited it's exciting isn't it
it is exciting since we've embarrassed the country the last couple times
yes
Nice that I can walk around without hiding my head.
Yeah, yeah.
Exactly.
You take a little pride in yourself and others.
You can look at each other and go, you know what?
We're all right.
Maybe this place isn't a walking toilet.
Hahaha, maybe.
I'm not sure I'd go that far, but.
Thank you, Brian.
Sure.
Have a good night.
You too.
them you're on the air
hello how you doing com
i'm doing all right who's this
all from indiana
all from indiana
you're hanging in there buddy
we have ninety percent reporting that it's like point three percent
indiana by the way
will not
be subjected to any band because indiana
is a brave fight these people are putting up
i tell you
it's phenomenal for a republican to get less than fifty percent
of the vote at this point
it's like a fourteen percent change
so wait till these uh... wait till you see right now it's fifty one forty eight
in terms of obama versus uh... mccain
wait till these california numbers start pouring in
and then and uh...
most democratic counties like lake county
uh... monroe they haven't reported in all yet you're talking about in indiana
indian like lake county they only reported three fourths
of their votes
and lake county always
way to the better and in this state
away from the night
for the release of like five percent
but i think i think that point of pride if it is close to be the last
county last precinct i mean there's five thousand votes in in indiana right now
separating
it's a five you know there's five thousand votes separating uh... mccain in
obama
you think do you think indiana could swing
yeah i think they can
you think it's you think it could be a squeaker within the and i'll give you
an example of the
he won by a squeaker but there's a county called stark county
uh... and obama one that
and
let me try to describe star county
like trying to mention a place in new jersey okay where
if they drop the people from deliverance
play the banjo state fit right in
that star county and i was a bob a can win in star county
I think he could carry the state.
All right.
I love it.
Let's see.
Let's hang in there, buddy.
Oh, yeah.
Thanks for the call.
Good, thanks.
201, 209, 936.
I'm not going to do the Kevin Smith thing tonight.
What are you moaning about?
Mike's like, ah.
Yeah.
Something else going on tonight, Mike.
Yeah.
Something else took my kind of derailed us
from doing a normal show tonight
if i'm you're on the air
i thought
it's julie from since nadi yes how are you julie
but i just heard that other person from ohio and i'm still excited
because ohio's still winning
ohio's done
for the book put it in the books
yeah it
never happened that i can remember when i voted
it in the books. It's there. Anyway it's Mike's birthday you should do what he
says. And besides you lost. Is that Yetta in the background? Yeah Yetta and Harvey.
What's here? Why don't you put Yetta and Harvey on the air? Yetta? Yetta come. Yetta.
Celebrate. Celebrate with your dogs. Okay now what? Get your dog to go bananas on
the air.
Can the bark like a little dick.
Get a...
Get a...
What's that squirrel?
What's that?
Get a who's that?
Do you like that?
Keep going.
What's that squirrel?
What's the squirrel?
Now get Harvey.
Get Harvey in the mix.
Here I go with the go get me, kitty.
Umm...
Get where's Harvey?
Where's Harvey?
Umm...
Why do people help me?
He's smarter, I think.
He'll only have a little bit of somebody walking by.
I'm sorry, Yada's the dumb one. I like Yada. I do too. She's special. Julie from Cincinnati?
I am blue. This is what I say to you, Julie. Can I ever call back?
You know what I'm doing right now? Nope. Get ready for this.
want there's no ban on you not you know what I like your show best of all shows
ever good well thank you for that you but you call whenever you want the door
wide open you know why why what's the difference between 2004 and 2008
Julie's Cincinnati is the difference.
Uh, top of Reno, Reno.
You're free, and thank you, Julie. You have a good night.
Uh, okay, thanks. Bye, Tom.
I'm ready to do something crazy.
I might let everybody out of the hate pit.
Like, open the doors to the hate pit.
Well, not that crazy.
I'm about to throw Joe the plumber in the hate pit.
What do you think, Mike?
Throw Joe the plumber in the hate pit.
Somebody just said that Fox has declared that Virginia goes to Obama.
Is that true?
we get some backup on that what are they doing at Fox are they just trying to get
this over with just declaring stuff they could just go home yeah whatever we'll
gear up we're gearing up for 2010
let's see I like how they have a headline on Fox News it says
is Obama wins Ohio, Pennsylvania delivering damaging blow to McCain hopes for upset.
You know, we can kind of say it's a little more than a damaging blow to his hopes for
an upset at this point.
How is the show upstairs, Evan?
It's, I've been down here the whole time, actually, listening alternately.
Was it fun?
They're, they're going all out, they're, they're cursing up a blue streak up there.
So we do a family program up here exactly family show
Is this true Omar Omar saying McCain is conceding in the next 10 minutes really
That is true about Fox by the way Fox declared Virginia to McCain
Did you get Mike for his birthday anything a new president a new prayer he doesn't want that he voted for McCain
Mike actually voted for Bob Barr.
Like I told you, he voted six times today, three times for Obama, three times for McCain,
and then he wrote in Bob Barr, but he wrote on the men's room wall.
Speaking of Bob Barr, I have one thing in common with Mr. Barr
that we were both duped by Borat in his motion picture a couple years ago.
And an exciting thing.
I am going to be appearing.
There's a Blu-ray edition of Borat coming out in two weeks.
I was not on camera, really, except for one small moment you can catch me.
They drove an RV with a bunch of my younger frat brothers, we were driving around the
country, and we picked this guy up who apparently was a character, like somebody doing a persona
of a foreign dude, Borat.
So we, so basically there's going to be a bonus feature on this Borat Blu-ray
thing called burned by Borat, the victims speak up. And I'm on it. The car dealer is
on it, the women's lib women are on it. And Bob Barr would not appear on camera, but there's
audio of him. He will be appearing on it. Burned by Borat, the victims speak up. Come on, give
me some, give me Virginia before my show's over. Give me Virginia. 201, 209, 9368. Where
Where do I go tonight, Mike?
Where do I go?
I got a party.
I got a party Jersey City style.
The what?
The sandbar.
What's that?
I'm, dude, I'm not going to do a disco.
Where does one go in Jersey City when one wants a good time?
You know where I should go?
Here we go, the iron monkey.
Nah.
Oh no.
What's up?
Is he really going to concede?
Let's see, Virginia, just got word from my little, my young friend, Jake, my little buddy.
Give me Virginia.
Whoops.
Hey Evan, you attract one on that CD.
OK, I'm not saying that in the air.
The lamppost. Everybody's going to the lamppost.
Except me. I'm going somewhere different.
I can't hang out with the listeners.
Let's say I have a separate booth for me. Like a private roped off booth.
I accidentally hit, uh, accidentally hit open to your draw there.
Oh yes, one. One? What's going on with Virginia here Evan?
Uh, I think Virginia's gonna go for, uh,
C&N, Mike said, just turned Virginia blue.
Let me check.
Make sure that's true.
Mike has been known to lie.
But I think we're going to be poised for some big announcements
very soon into my show.
It's sick.
I'm going to get scooped by this guy.
It's a fluke of the show schedule.
If your show is on until 1110, you might be able to be on
for the, but you know, you're welcome to hang around.
There is an update, they have Barack Obama with 220 on CNN and McCain with 135 and it
says here, breaking news, McCain aides are pessimistic, well I mean the picture looks
like Matt Drudge. We got the Matt Drudge hat. So they have Obama at 220 currently. They
have Obama at 220. So California has 55 electoral votes. Oh yeah. And California is going for
Obama. There's not really any question about that. No. And that's 275. Yeah. Oh no. Game
over. You know what that means? You did it in your show. Hold on. Let me take this final
call. Then we hand it over to Evan Funk Davies, who will take you the rest of the way on this
It's a very exciting night.
The horde from downstairs is going to come running down so they can celebrate.
They are?
Yeah.
On my show, they're not.
Well, on my show.
That's how I'm supposed to be prepared.
I'll throw them all out of here.
They're going to be held up behind the Velvet Rope and tell them I thought.
I'm serious.
Listen to me.
These DJs from the rest of the station, I'll throw all of the fire escape.
You come in on my show.
Evan shows you do that.
He runs that kind of second-stringer-type show.
Barnyard.
Yeah, Barnyard radio.
FMU you're on the air. Tom. Yes. Hey, this is Tom. Yes. It's risky. Yeah, yeah. Well, I'm
watching CNN and I'm listening to you at the same time. What's that like? It's bizarre
because you're commentating while I'm watching it. That's generally what it would work like
if I was providing the sound they provided the picture. You called Virginia around the
same time that you know and called it
this that makes me and it makes me an expert
right if if that yes yes psychic
psychic in your own mind currently CNN has just called the election
that's what happened you did it
and i think you had something to do with virginia
pulling it out
for obama you think so
i think so and that's what i that's what we all wanted the fact that i shamed the
people
you didn't have a word
now we play the song we have not played
in months on the best show
and i turn it over to evan funk davis
hatches coming in here with the is little uh...
is that one of those new tvs i see uh...
He's got a
Yeah, exactly. Yeah, put that does ignore Mike seriously. This is birthday. So just laugh a little bit
That's right good guys win
WFM you east orange WX HD man hope worldwide on the world wide web. What's that? I'm doing
WFM you east orange WX HD man hope worldwide wide web and WF MU dot org
Good guys win. I'm going over to the lamppost
The waves of battlefields, in the fight for the good lights, the Tuesday night, and the
enemy turns the FM's out to the right, for the satellites, one man and I'll go and fight
The status quo, 91.1, 10th poll radio
Good God's will make us cry
Good God's will make us cry
Yeah
Not even more fun