Hey, who's this?
Well, I am by the trail of Governor Valentin.
Hi, it's, uh, Gerald Perlmutter.
Tom Sharpling, Governor of Party.
Hey, Tom, it's Purple Turf.
Hey, Tom, it's Mark Michaels.
This is Richard Card, Richard Card.
What's your name?
Baron.
Baron.
Inside the two by a quiet Maurice Kurt horror by they Thomas Bruce Johnny. Who's this?
Ginger Vitis if they have ring poloni at the wall. I guess who's one. I hate you. It's Peter. It's Steinberg
You are creepy and I'm hanging up on you
Boeing
My name is Ollie Fairnock. I'll say it. You'll hear it. You'll do it. I'll get it
You'll learn it. I'll live with it and you'll die without it smash your trash
I'm going from New Zealand.
Hey, man, it's Bryce.
Ted, don't stand with us.
Ted, Paul, it's a Ted Paul show.
Hey, this is Ted Lea.
What?
This is Pete from the Future.
Hi, Tom, it's DJ Terry Chase.
Hey, from Knoxville.
Supercaller.
It's off the top.
My name is Mike Zajak.
Good to see you.
Hey, man, it's Bryce.
Ted, don't stand with us.
Ted, Paul.
It's a Ted Paul show.
Hey, this is Ted Lea.
What?
This is Pete from the Future.
Hi, Tom.
Get off my phone, I don't care.
Hey, this is if you can, man.
I'm going to go with your bed now.
Bye, friend.
Hey, Tom, it's Gordon.
Gordon, how are you?
I was in a bed in the early 90s.
My name's Jerry Page.
Tom, why do you listen to Jeffrey Ludell?
It's a fat, diseased, wilder, right?
Isn't it?
The disenfranchised have a home now.
I'm the hero of the disenfranchised.
How can a person get anything done?
It's the best show on WFVU
It's the best show on WFVU
It's the best show on W F and U
W F and U, you're on the air
Hey, hey, Tom, it's Roy
It's Billy Boy Roy, you even know what he's talking about
Hey, it's Roy, it's Billy Boy Roy
You even know what he's talking about?
Hey, it's Roy, it's Billy Boy Roy
It's Ronnie, he had a long time no film
It's a bad show, I love you, I beg you, babe
Get off my phone!
She cried to the southern wind About a light that pursued her hands
Every dream in her heart was gone And then for a showdown
Back in the watching names, looks like the red and on the same train, looks as though there'll be more pain, it's gonna be a showdown, and it's the rain, all along with the world.
It's the rain I lost in the white tonight
The lonely night
She came to me like my friend
She knew I thought I saw the wind
Now that I've heard this there's a stone again
It's gonna be as you're down
Save me
But save me
As I reach the breeze
It's gonna be as you're down
And it's a rainin' all over the world
A rainin' all over the world
Made the longest day
All over the world
All over the world
The lonely night
And it's raining
All over the world
When I'm ready to say
I walk through the world
Tonight, the moon tonight
You gotta see me good
When I'm ready to say
Oh, moon for you
And I won't let go, won't let go
I won't let go, won't let go
And you'll feel what you're reading
I'm on the run
I won't let go, won't let go
My car's an energy
We sing the song that was needed
I'll just run back and watch
Shocks up, like that I'm needed
I know that something won't
Might take a fire to kill it
Might take a hurricane
No, no, but not that I'm here then
Like that I'm waiting
We sit in the song that was hidden
I'll test the wagon moans
Shocks up a block that I'm leaving
I'll notice off the moans
Might take a fire to kill me
Might take a herbal cane
No, no, we're not going to be alone
Black Tamarind
Black Tamarind
Take this same hand, said he who stands, behind the chair, a broken table end.
Every Christian I am not this man will show you
Every Christian I am not this man will show you
Don't want so tough
Before you close your eyes
Don't want so tough
Don't want so tough
Before you come
For every child
Is thinking of something wild
Every Christian I am not this man will show you
Every Christian I have not been planned will show you
Every Christian lie and nothing else will show you
Every Christian lie and nothing else will show you
Oh, so don't we
Oh, so don't we
You won't let me deny
All right, all right, all right, all right
It's so hard, so hard, so hard, so hard
You can't find me when you're running away
Tracing days away
That may be crazy, but I'll never be alone
So long, so hard, so hard, so hard, so hard
You can't find me when you're running away
You know it's not worth crying
Silo, silo, silo, silo-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o
All right, all Right, all Right, All Right!
So long, I'll see in it
Honey, honey, when you There are words
Chase us safe
and if you're crazy
Well I'm never be your girl
So long, I'll see in Kurtin
I'll see in Kurtin
Please, honey, when you're coming
You know, it's the worst I have
So long, so long
So long, I'll run
Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi.
Oh, hey, how's everything in ocean?
Oh, man, I had to know from ocean.
Oh, wow.
Are you stalking me?
Yeah, I took a stab in the dark.
I just waited to hear the conversation in the background on the call,
and that kind of tipped it off.
What conversation?
Did you've been listening in on my call?
Oh, this is so unfunny you're someone funny your shoes your shoes <E.D.>
Why you just you hang up on people and you bash them for 20 minutes. What do I do you?
That never that will never ever get old
W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W
We can do this.
We can do this.
There it is.
That's right.
It is time.
It's time.
Best show.
Back again.
The phone number.
Tonight.
Different number.
And where is the number?
Here it is.
2-0-1-5-3-6-9-3-6-8, that's right, we're in the submarine tonight.
Up on the 41st floor of WFMU Towers.
This is the best shown WFMU here on WFMU.
My name's Tom Sharfling, I'm the host of tonight's episode.
Which is entitled, So Long.
That's right.
So long.
How is that, you need the door open, Mike?
I miss Mike.
I miss him.
I miss, you don't need the door open all the way.
I'm gonna leave the door open, so it might can hear me, I can hear Mike. Mike's like 150 feet away.
I'm not used to this. Used to Mike being on the other side of the glass.
Let's get ready. Here we go.
We just heard from Abba from their self-titled album. We heard so long.
The Bee Gees. Every Christian Lion-hearted man will show you from their first album.
Before that, by request, going out to the H-Man, who will be next week's co-host slash host,
the H-Man.
My protégé will be taking over the studio.
black tambourine
It begins next week the end the end of the best show on WFM you in its current configuration
That starts to end next week
When when when the H man
Starts to take over the rain so probably the kind of thing where he'll do you know
He'll do you know well well well he'll do every third week
then every other week
then i'll do every third week then i'll show up like once every two months
then it just be all age man
and starting us off electric light orchestra
show down
oh it's a sad sad day for a lot of people
sad day
sad day for a lot of people who uh... who will go to the uh... w f m u
uh... the the friends of tom uh... message board there's a thing on there called
fought chan
which uh...
fought chan
which is uh...
something where everyone can post
uh... post uh... uh... anonymously
something where they can post anonymously
and naturally
i know it's going to be hard for you to believe
it's over friends of tom dot com
was going to be hard for you to believe
but this thing on the internet where people posted anonymously
did some people abused it
and i know i know
i wouldn't have thought i wouldn't have guessed in a million years either
i can have this thing linked with uh... with with me
this toilet thing all the first of all non-stop toilet language in there
i went in there with my nephew i couldn't believe it
the filth
that was being thrown around in there secondly
the fighting
the fighting and it's filled over it was it's like uh... it's filled over into
into my weekend
you know what
I felt like a, what am I, what am I, a camp counselor?
I got no time for this.
It's my worst nightmare.
The message board interfering with the show.
The show is the show, right Mike?
Yeah.
Oh.
Jeez.
He was right on that.
I didn't expect that.
The show was the show.
He says this message board stuff is meant to be a nice little compliment to the show.
I'll delete this message board and I won't even look back.
I will not look back.
You think I care?
I'll delete it
sick
this thing interfering with the show
it cannot stand
cannot stand
fought Chan
I think it might be moving on to some new location or something.
You know what?
God bless you.
God bless you, Fat Chan.
Best of luck.
We are parting ways.
We part ways.
Who's on line one, Mike?
OK.
All right, let's just get into this.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hello Tom. Hey, it's Spike.
How are you tonight? I'm doing just fine and you're going to be
hosting the show every other month, every other week. Probably.
If this works out with this new protege, I'm taking under my wing.
The H man. H man looks like I'm going to have to
train him. Oh brother. Will you call next
We can say, hello, H man.
Yes, I will.
OK.
I always do.
Now, this guy, I'm going to tell you,
he's rough around the edges.
He's not polished, but I see it.
I see it in him.
I see the fact that I can turn him into second mold him.
OK.
Now, you know mold means like you can shape things, too.
not just the stuff that's overrunning your apartment because you live in a
basement. Not that I live in the basement but anyway. That's neither here nor
there. That's true. So what's going on tonight? To what do I owe the pleasure of
this phone call? People are still talking about this well
I still don't get it. I don't get it.
Really? You're hung up on a Shia LaBouffe still?
Not really. Not at all.
You got this Kevin Costner movie, which I'm not going to say.
Which one swing vote?
Yes.
I can't wait to see that.
Why?
Because it looks hilarious, first of all.
I'm getting, I don't like Kevin Costner either.
It's getting nothing but rave reviews.
I'm sure it is, but I'm not a Kevin Costner person.
I'm pretty sure it's going to, I'm sure it's going to, to probably, admittedly, right
now it's not beating Dark Knight.
I think it's, you know, this stuff is not a sprint, it's a marathon.
I think swing vote, when it's all said and done, we'll make more money than Dark Knight.
I don't know I doubt it but I don't know you don't think so I'm not sure well
first of all they've got to get dark night off these iMac screens and get
swing vote on to them you wouldn't want to see Kevin Costner's face projected
130 feet high. Nathan Lane you don't want to see him in iMac's
Well, I don't mind Nathan Lane, it's Kevin Costner, I don't like.
But look at the line up of this movie, Spike.
Costner!
Nathan Lane.
Dennis Hopper.
Stanley Tucci.
I'll tell you, this is like a who's who.
Well, if they took Kevin Costner out of the equation, I'm sure it'd be a better movie.
You're really that down on Kevin Costner.
Well, there's certain people I host movies I won't say. He's one of them.
Might I, uh, recommend a certain movie you might want to check out, uh, Mr. Brooks?
Have you seen that?
Uh, no, I haven't.
I recommend you, will you track it down?
Mr. Brooks, it was an art house movie he did.
Kevin Costner?
Yes.
Oh, no, then I won't be seeing it. It was an art house flick. It doesn't matter if he's in it
I won't say it but it has so much to do with what you like. It's a slasher movie
It matters not
It is a slasher movie with do-op elements
Uh-huh
Two out of three I won't see it two out of three ain't gonna do it for you. No
slasher movie do-op elements
Kevin Costner. Kevin Costner outranks do-up plus slasher movie for you?
That's right.
We should do like a thing like the mathematics of Spike. Like figure out like the more thans
or the less thans. What would you think of that?
That would be interesting.
It would be interesting.
Do wonders.
Do wonders for what?
For the show.
Yeah, we'd really love it. What makes a radio show better than math problems?
Oh, let's say talking about music, talking about, you know, interesting things.
Let's just rap, man. Why don't we just rap? You know what I mean? You and I, I'm telling you, we get caught up in all this other stuff.
Why don't we just kick back and rap?
That's nice, okay.
So what's new, man?
Oh, not too much. Just the usual stuff.
You know, the dungeon and you know, the usual.
Now I remember why we just don't rap.
Why it has to be everything has to be put on a tight leash
conversation-wise, topic-wise.
Mm-hmm.
So who do you think should be the running mate
of Barack Obama?
Oh, let's say, you know, plenty of people.
Such as anyone anyone come to mind Joe Biden someone who know, you know, someone who knows this stuff, uh-huh, you know Joe Biden
There's percentage. Yeah, you know, I heard is actually on the short list
Yeah, Chuck Scarborough person who Chuck Scarborough
Okay, he's not a politician. No, but he's I think he's gonna put him on to give some balance like an outsider and an insider
uh-huh okay i would vote interesting i would vote for uh a barack obama chucks
garbrough ticket
i'm not going to go out i might have a vote amendment democrats library vote
anyway yeah when i'm not voting for the other person so which which guy would
you vote what what would it take for you in terms of
tv personalities in that vice president spot to get you do not vote for
for brock obama
but okay let me figure some people out
uh... patina of all
you want him as the vice president
that would mind
but what about
earning nastas
obama and nastas
you would not vote for obama then
now that would help you be worried
you'd be worried to have earning nastas that close to the uh...
to the buzzer
the buzzer the button that's what i'm afraid of it should be a buzzer though
shouldn't it
shouldn't at least make a buzzing sound
it should be
about that
i would hope that the button has a buzzer attached to it
so you would not vote for a uh...
obama a nastas ticket
what about
obama lauer
okay what about obama uh...
what about uh... uh... what about uh...
what about it though obama ran with uh... ran with uh... more east of boa
from cbs
however mind that either okay
what about obama uh...
correct
all give me a break you don't like women do you
i don't like i don't like stupid women and i don't like
but man-hating women
nowhere where is katie korick man-hating
but she doesn't hate men she's just an idiot
why
she's too good she got blocked all she got the
block of stories
all right
how about obama
ripper
telly ripper yeah
i want to have to be interested
i would vote for that ticket in a second
somebody on the track is suggesting obama and howard starry to get off my phone
got reading the chat
I'm trying to do a show here. You're talking to me.
I'm going to talk to the chat.
Shut the chat down.
I'm sick of it.
Got this guy. This, first of all,
it's an alternate universe already
that somehow this guy has turned into the
blue ribbon, a blue ribbon caller.
This guy's actually top shelf now, Spike.
Somehow he's developed
up into the gold standard. But even he falls prey to the chat. Someone in the chat. Someone
in the chat. Sick of it. The chat. <E.D.> Chan. It's all bringing down. This thing is all
about the show it's all about the show no one's here for the for the chat no
one comes for the message board just some amorphous a message board where
people are finding each other like that movie where everyone ended up at the
same motel it's not what that's like this movie's not this is the show's not
like that movie was that movie called Mike the John yeah the John Cusack
movie what was the name of that John Cusack movie where they all ended up at
the same motel. No, it was not called murder motel. Sick. The show was that this is it.
This is the center of the wheel. All these other things are little spokes off of it.
More power to you if you're having fun doing this stuff. I'm not raining on anyone's parade.
but it don't take precedent don't take precedent over the show show takes
precedent over everything and there is no call or bigger than the show remember
how we had that rule Mike about Ernie Anastis suppose that no one shall speak
ill of Ernie Anastis something to that effect you know what scratch that's not
Not the number one rule anymore.
Number one rule.
No caller is bigger than the show.
No caller is bigger than the show.
I want to hear one person call up and convince me to not detonate the thought chan, which
is this thing over at the Friends of Tom message board, friendsoftom.com.
One person.
now make your case. This thing where people can show up and post anonymously, which they
can't do responsibly. Phone numbers 201 536 9368 201 536 9368. Well, there's someone in
a chance in it that they could be Obama's Darn.
Oh what else is going on in the chat?
Anybody else got anything to say?
Maybe I'll just read the chat out all night.
Maybe that's what I'll do.
I'll just log into the chat and I'll just read what everyone says.
I'll just do that.
How about that?
How about that first show?
Just read the chat all night.
yeah it's only a sploops will be driving the bus regular Joe 201 5 3 6 9 3 6 8
the
fm you you're on the air
a
com
yes
how you doing man
this is a sad day but you know what i'm not going to call and try to
prevent this
well who is it who is this first of all
oh sorry this is a red jell from the board regs in the adult yet at the
jell from Seattle that called last week and talked about umbrellas
how are you
how are you regular joe
and that
and that you know
uh...
i enjoyed thought that it is got to say that
uh...
i did some comics in there
and uh...
it was a weird strange place to hang out but i enjoyed it
uh...
but you know what you know what you make a very good point all the fighting all
of all this rest of the stuff that happened it was everyone the show
is not the show
let's ruin the show
all the fighting well you know do i really want to get into specifics
you know that i have any impact on this
that should not have any impact on the show
it's a separate it's separate
it's totally separate and now
it should be completely
done with
it had its time
i enjoyed it
that's it as long as i want to know i want you uh...
once you start the countdown
we'll go back to ten is it
this is it. Oh my god. Oh my god. Tom. Here we go. Starting where are we starting from
like 50? 10. 10. Okay. You ready? Yeah. Oh yeah. And this is this it just if anybody
wants to know why the Fachan one of the is going away one of the final threads is entitled.
i like porn you like porn let's share links
it's ten
nine
eight
seven it's not going to happen in the kind of ten two by the way
it was important to know it
goodbye i'm saying goodbye but i thought chan
blow it up
and the animals can control themselves
animals can control themselves blow it up
I'm even doing a countdown. That gives too much credit.
Yeah, look, the thing is, if people could believe police themselves, it'd be a wonderful thing.
That'd be a bad one. That'd be good.
The animals couldn't control themselves. It was like the two fairies in Dark Knight.
Right? Except you guys were pressing the buttons.
Hey Tom, I have to thank you for something before I get off your phone here.
What's that?
during the marathon I requested you guys do take a chance on me and parts of
you know in the acapella version yes and you did that show and I just found it
the other day and I was mind-blown so I'd have to thank you guys so much it
was really awesome you're welcome regular Joe you're welcome all right you have a
good show man all right hey regular Joe one other thing what's that a little
secret about the Fauchan. I saw who everyone of you were. I didn't do too much bad stuff
I think. I saw all of you. I think I did more good than bad. What would you say? Did
I do get more good than bad if you knew I were all right? You were all right. All right.
I got the Tom bump. There's a couple people though. Couple people. Yeah, I know. I know.
You can assume you know when you're there you sort of get a feeling. I know who they
i know who they are
couple people
so you know if you don't know deleting it you probably are deleted it just a
reveal everybody
i got that first and foremost months ago i would work for you that i'm not even
worth it
i guess i'm not even worth it
more drama right you're right
thought you're going to move on somewhere else
you're right or power to it hopefully hopefully people can uh... police
themselves in the in its new uh... new uh... incarnation
But maybe they don't even have to be there. I don't know. We'll be. I'll be among
sadly to say. Because it's hilarious. There's some funny stuff that is coming
up. You gotta admit that. Yeah, you know, else is funny. My show. Get off my phone.
I like the phone system in here. When I hang up on somebody, you hear it.
FMU, you're on the air. Hey, Tom. How you doing tonight? I'm doing all right. Who's this?
This is Steve from Fairmont. Hey, I don't think you should. I don't think you should blow up the
thought that's too late scum
but it
while why shouldn't i
it's
but it's it's
uh... but i can't like the uh...
it's like the only teenager you know you know you can't throw it out of the
house you just got a smack it down once in a while you know what i can throw
it out of the house though
that's a thing you shouldn't you should have said you wouldn't do that as a
parent you shouldn't do it as the
uh...
You want no one? It's not a kid!
I said it was like a kid.
Yeah, you're trying hard to try to evoke the sympathy I would have for an actual kid.
Get off my phone.
Fatchan, you did it to yourselves.
You did it to yourselves.
Go listen to that Radiohead song.
That's what you did. Don't blame it on me. I know who every one of you were
Everyone every last one of you
Let's move on
I'm moving on I
Can't I can't give fotch in anymore credit blow it up fingers on the button blow it up
Blow it up
Now it's gone. It's gone.
Now I'm going to check it.
People couldn't control themselves.
Couldn't control themselves. The animals couldn't control themselves.
Ugh.
I felt like a camp counselor, camp counselor is arguing in the different cabins.
This is meatballs.
Suddenly, I'm a, I'm a, a Morty.
Next time I'll find myself a sleepout out on a bed in the middle of the lake.
Not Morty.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey Tom, how you doing tonight?
I'm doing alright, who's this?
This is Jake from Hoboken.
Jake from Hoboken 0703O.
Correct.
How are you, young man?
I'm okay, I'm okay, I'm a little bummed up to something here.
You're gonna be weeding yourself off the show, I don't know anything about the fotch,
and I'm purely just a show listener, but...
Thank you, thank you.
See you go.
You know what?
It's time.
It's time.
The age man can slide into the spot.
he's already and this is the other thing mike doesn't know
the h-man's got his own guy
his own his own associate producer
mike is going to be uh...
mike's going to be out of a spot
well
that's a bummer too i mean mike mike seems like a good guy
he is a good guy
but uh... you know if you are if you're behind each man and you endorse him i'm
I have total faith in it. I'm gonna you know gonna give him the benefit of that doubt in this day
stay plugged in, but
They've just had a feeling for a while. I can't really explain it, but I've had a feeling this was coming and yeah
Yeah, just just a sad day. This day is a days here. Yeah
Hey, can I ask you a quick question now?
Sure quick. I'm used for lady questions sure, you know
You've played a lot of volcano suns over the years and I've really enjoyed it
Yes, and I keep hearing that that tang is supposed to do some kind of reissue of their stuff and I haven't heard anything about it lately
I was just wondering if you happen to know anything
I heard that also, but I have not seen any any I have not heard anything concrete beyond just the the same thing you heard
Okay, okay. Well, uh in the meantime the only
Avenue I have for listening to him is the best show. So hopefully H man
Keep them up keep them standing. Oh H man. No, it does not like volcano suns
You get ready. It's going to be a different show when this guy takes. Look,
first of all is what I'm going to say. I'm not giving the guy the keys yet. It's
going to get the keys to the Ferrari yet. And this show is a Ferrari. Oh, yet. He
don't get the keys to the Ferrari yet. He's got to earn it. Okay. But I see
something he's like a he's like a uh... a lump of clay
but i can mold into a way uh...
uh... into uh... into uh... uh... donis
well i have the uh... i have faith that he's in good hands and
thank you buddy
uh... right thanks a lot i'm have a good night oh you too
fm you you're on the air
hey john it's uh... day from winnipeg calling
day from winnipeg how are you tonight
i'm good are you
doing okay
uh... i want to make the case for the flat chat
i was in the show but i never log into that thing
as i figure that's the channel for like
the people who really should be on the air to just kind of bent out and
the good callers can just call into the show
so you think it's like a farm league
that would you're such i mean
they could do whatever they want to and just
and to otherwise they
be calling to the show talking about whatever they talk about over there
then you know we'll keep the chat
c h a t
but we are going to eliminate the thought chan c h a n
wild west kind of uh... negative zone
do you think that i'll give them uh...
given uh... like an incentive to call into the show though
Oh, what are you? Super caller all of a sudden you you're the ultimate caller you call you're not exactly burning up the line
Get off my phone guys get guy
Guys like a soft three on a scale of one to ten and he's gonna say yeah, you know that way we keep them out of the show
We keep them away from call. It's only for the for the for the good callers
and what back to the chat with you earn your stripes OH man you don't know
what you're getting yourself into buddy he's probably hearing this he's probably
finding his way out he's probably finding his way out probably probably
probably an email waiting for me he's already making excuses so he doesn't
have to do it he's gonna bail on this I wouldn't blame him
So I went to this palisades mall, you ever go to that palisades mall, Mike, and uh, and
uh, it's out of Niaq, tell me you got to make this your mall.
Four floors, this mall is like uh, it's like if heaven was a mall, it would be the palisades
mall.
It's got everything.
I'm telling you.
Starbucks.
Old Navy.
It's got a dance dance revolution in the arcade.
Fatburger.
You know what it has that I really want?
It's got these paintings.
This guy's got a little kiosk selling paintings
that you can get yourself painted into this thing that
has like all the ultimate gangsters
like sitting around the table.
So it's like Tony Montana, Tony Montoya.
What is it?
Is it Tony Montana?
Yeah.
Yeah.
He's sitting at the table, Tony Sopranos at the table.
You got Don Corleones at the table.
Everyone, and then you would get painted
and you'd get your own little picture painted in.
As if you are also a criminal and a creep and a murderer,
like these other sociopaths that we glorify.
And I asked the guy how much it was.
It was like not that expensive.
It's like $120 for the painting.
Who does?
What, you own a pizzeria?
Oh, it's a pizzeria, there's a big distinction there.
You said my pizzeria has one of those.
Made me think you had a place on the side.
Cause I saw that Mike's been,
it's another thing I didn't exactly want to talk about
on the air, but I will.
Last few weeks,
when I go through Mike's briefcase,
usually it's just an apple rolling around
in there in an old newspaper.
I started finding these tattoo magazines in there and then we're getting ready for the
show and you know Mike has to do certain things before the show to get ready he has to empty
all the garbage cans and I saw him bending down to empty one of the garbage cans his
This shirt sleeve went up a little bit.
I'm telling you, on his arm, he's got a little tattoo of like a, it's like, I think it's
like a calzone.
No idea what he's thinking.
I hope he's not gonna start, it's like, if you want to get tattoos, more power to you.
But this guy, he's not all there.
They should do, like, tests.
They should at least say it, more than once.
Are you sure you want me to tattoo a calzone on your arm?
It's going to be there for the rest of your life.
He's got a calzone tattooed on his arm.
So anyway, when I'm at this mall,
I go to the Panda Express, right?
Because I got the bean curd thing there.
It's like now you get a little vegetables, a little bean curd.
It's very nice.
Not ready.
Not ready.
Empty steamer trace sitting there.
Oh, sure, the cards mounted right to the thing, denoting where it should be.
Now, take the thing down if it's not in.
down Panda Express. Mark that down. Thumbs down Panda Express. And when I was there, I
at this mall, I saw Hellboy 2. I know. Why? I don't know why. Tell me, these, uh, these
Superhero movies not so well served being out around the same time as the Batman one
You know everybody like two months ago was like oh my god Iron Man, it's the most amazing thing I've ever seen I
Have a feeling you're not gonna see any Iron Man movies come out a
month after Batman movies if they maintain this level of quality if that Iron Man movie came out this week
just lay with lay there
it's like a trifle
uh... mere bag of tell
it's nothing, it's like a little snack
but hell boy
first of all my pastor strongly advised me against seeing it
He was insistent that I didn't see it, but then all of a sudden I'm telling you I
Got I could not help it. I could not help it
And I bought a ticket to see hell boy, too
It's gone fought Chan's gone you're gone
on. You want to know where it went? Font channels? Look in the mirror. That's who took
it away from you. That's who took it away from you. The man in the mirror. So this thing,
movie. I don't know. I sat there just, first of all, it was another empty showing. Private
screening of Hellboy 2. Only halfway through this thing I was playing to be jeweled on
My cell phone
Then I went over to the Barnes and Nobles in this mall this mall's got a Barnes and Noble Mike
Telling you Barnes and Noble in a mall. This mall's got a paintball
a paintball range in it. You can hunt people in this mall. It's got a bowling alley in
this mall. It's got an ice skating rink. And if you think I'm lying, this mall is one
of the best malls ever. Unfortunately, I heard it was sinking into the ground because apparently
you can't build a bowling alley and an ice skating rink on the top floor of a mall and
and have it stay up so yeah when you're there there's a good chance the whole
thing might collapse but that's part of the experience as far as I'm concerned
you're just it's like a ride and it's got rides it's got a ferris wheel in the
mall you could very well go to Panda Express order a two item meal and eat
it on a Ferris wheel in this mall. I know what you're saying. Well, how can I
possibly eat Chinese food? I use that term loosely when it comes to Panda Express.
On a Ferris wheel. What am I at the Neverland Ranch? Am I a bow craft? No,
to the mall. Man, one hour the show's gone already, this is the worst show I've
ever done. Unbelievable. This one's as bad as it gets. So I'm in the
Barnes & Nobles and I float past the graphic novels section. I'm looking all
over the place. Got a nice little 15% off coupon for one item. I'm trying to
pick the right item. As I go past the graphic novel section, there's a kid in
there. First of all, there's one kid sitting on the floor reading a graphic
novel bending it back like he owns it like a stupid that's not yours like I
now I'm gonna go buy that and it's it's creased and then bent out of shape
already and this other kid was it was there with his either a sister or his
girlfriend had to be a sister I'm gonna say sister
And she's like, uh, you find in anything?
And then he says, uh, I don't know, they got nothing here.
It's like the one, uh, the Jim Hanley's on Staten Island has like eight more racks of
this stuff than this place as like he's complaining about the lack of inventory.
I mean, he's aware that he's in a bookstore.
Jim Hanley said they just sell comic books there, so all they sell is a bookstore.
All kinds of books, big, thick books, written a long time ago with long words in them and
no pictures
mark it down put that guy next to panda express thumbs down
or the show so bad
i don't want to be here tonight
in the submarine at strike one
strike two
i was like uh... you know uh... camp counselor all weekend with everybody uh...
mowing in about uh... the the the fought uh... chan
because people are on on on tethered animals
criticizing each other ripping on each other
strike to
Maybe it is time for the age man to take over.
Might be time.
This shows a dud.
I lost.
I got no juice.
I got no juice here.
I got no juice in life.
It's time.
It's all yours, age man.
Why don't you come down tonight, just take it.
You want me to put a topic on the table?
Yes, boss.
There's 5,000 channels on satellite radio, right?
Not once has anyone ever knocked on my door.
Not once.
Got no juice.
I'm one of the juiceless.
topic you ready for this one Mike you ever watch ESPN Mike you ever watch
Sports Center like in the morning if you've ever watched it in the morning or
late late at night the thing was with Sports Center when you watch it after
hours after it's original airing is that it say you didn't see this as scores
for a particular game or whatnot.
Then you flip to Sports Center and you're watching it
and you're waiting for them to talk about the game. Like on Sports Center if
you don't know they do this thing on the right side of the screen
it's a little tabs that shows you
because I guess everything now has to
replicate the experience of surfing the web
of like going to the ESPN website.
So now there's little tabs on the right side of the screen.
I'm supposed to click on a little button.
I can't click on them.
I've got to wait for them to click on it.
You get to it, but you can see a thing.
It'll say, oh, there's the score of the Yankee game
or the Met game.
Like they're going to cover it in five minutes,
because there's like three more little tabs ahead of it.
and then and then you're waiting and then lo and behold your eye drifts down and
sees the score on the crawl going because they have this endless crawl
going with all the scores rolling across the screen ruins it maybe I want to
watch the presentation of it figure out who won see the way they roll it out
now just blown right now you know if you're running sports center you don't
run the crawl or maybe maybe I what am I supposed to put a piece of black tape
along the bottom of my TV when I'm watching this game supposed to tape a
strip a cardboard so the good the crawl doesn't ruin the suspense but these are
not big things that bother me those are just little things tonight's topic the
little things 201 536 9368 the little things I just got an I am from Jodi
saying that I'm crazy talking about going to satellite radio that it will
never satisfy me yeah that's right because this is so wildly satisfying
right now. Putting out fires all weekend. That was so wildly satisfying. Nothing.
I got no juice.
No juice.
33 and a third.
They got no interest in me.
I told them I want to write a book for him, nothing.
Nothing.
I wanted to write about a missing person's album. They didn't want it
201 536 9368 FM you're on the air
Hi, Thomas Chris in New York. How you doing? Do not write. How are you Chris? Good. Thank you. Um, do I know this Chris?
Yeah, I thought you fall for years. Oh
That's great
And so the little thing yeah what's what's a little what's what would you put under the category of the little things I
Would put up the little things the biggest little thing that bothers me is is all the time
That that I wait for those little taxi receipts to digitally print out and you have to wait and wait
It's probably things not
20 seconds each and for blue and that up over your life. It's probably a good month. Yeah
You've had a month robbed by those by waiting for those taxi receipts. Yes one leg on the street one
Like in the cab. You're just kind of waiting anyway. Now. This is what this is what I want you to say
At the end of this topic. This is what I want everybody to say. You got to go
little things
Well done Chris. Thank you for going
two oh one five three six nine three six eight fm you you're on the air
hello Tom can you again oh hi who's calling
spike spike okay hi how are you tonight okay
did the the little things i hate it when
table television has all these channels that nobody watches that we don't need
and we're paying for mhm like which one give me an example of a channel that
drives you nuts
well can you talk to you at the end earlier yeah
i don't watch you at the end i know it is it is kind of a fringy channel
that uh...
doesn't have a lot of appeal
for most people
you know i mean
movie channels i watch i don't watch the sports channels
and i don't want to do the channel
i don't watch uh... the shopping
The channels I have no use for them. Okay, so you
Feel that the cable companies are kind of taking you for a ride by making you pay for all these channels
Exactly. All right. Let's hear you say it
No, that's not what we were doing you got to go ah the little things
things. The little things in life stock. Now you're what's going on. See the only one
listening? He might be the only one listening. This is a sad state of affairs where this
guy is. He is, he is the good. He is a blue ribbon caller now. Admittedly, he half gets
the show. I think he would admit that he half gets the show, but he's still he's still bringing it.
It pains me to say this, but you guys listening could take a page from Spike. FMU you're on the air.
Hi Tom. My name is Ben. I'm from Sandyston, New Jersey. I have a problem with little things.
like wow let's hear it Ben so I was talking to this guy I know nice guy but
he was talking about his computer he has a Mac book but he has the Mac book
pro uh-huh every time he said Mac book he said oh my Mac book pro oh my Mac book
pro why couldn't he just say Mac book I wouldn't know what he's talking about
yeah he wants you to know that he's got the higher line of computer well that's
That's why it was bugging me.
That's what's wrong with these Mac people.
Look, I got Mac.
I'm not gonna lie to you, but you wanna know it?
I can't even remember the thing I've got.
I know.
I mean, Mac people are a little bit,
you gotta watch them,
cause they'd be, some of them are snooty.
That's for sure, that's putting it mildly.
Thanks, buddy.
Say it.
Um, ah, the little things.
Go what?
Linux.
Go Linux.
Go Linux.
War with New York.
See, James?
Yeah, this is James. We're talking about the little things, correct?
It's not, James. Goodbye.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hello?
Hello?
Um, what bothers me is that when people see popular Hollywood blockbuster movies like Batman,
and they feel like they can critique them because they're popular movies.
Like what do you mean? Your phone's a little crummy.
Are you calling on like Skype?
They're explicitly popular movies.
They're not meant to have any deeper content.
So you're complaining about the fact that people, I'm half with you here.
That they don't complain about them or they feel that you can't complain about them.
They feel that I can't complain about them.
Like they're just going, hey, it's a summer movie. What do you want exactly? Uh-huh. What would be your I think there's a lot about
Batman that can be critiqued like what give me an example
Please I don't know. I feel like it's blatantly
reflective of our historical moment with the Iraq war. Mm-hmm. Like I feel like torture would mention that movie
The Joker was called the terrorist
Surveillance was an issue
But how, how, how, this is not a,
It had not been 2007 or 2008,
whenever the movie was made.
Those wouldn't have been issues.
Uh huh.
Well, this is not, that's not a critique.
You're doing an analysis.
Oh, it's an analysis.
Okay.
Like I could say, I could admit
that I was generally entertained by the movie.
Uh huh.
And I know the movie wasn't meant to have like a,
I can't take that phone connection.
That sounds like I'm talking to Wally
when he was breaking down F. M. U. you're on the air. Hey Tom. Hey. It's James. Hey,
it's the real James. It's no Frank phone call. So, uh, what can I do for you tonight?
March. We're talking about the little things. Goodbye. Sick. I give that guy no traction.
I got to get out of here. I'm serious. I want to do the show anymore. There's got to be
something else out there for me. There's got to be something else out there for me.
Other things I try in life. No juice. This is all apparently this is it. This is it for me.
No juice.
FMU, you're on the air.
It's Samir in Florida.
Quality caller, how are you, Samir?
Very well, thanks, how are you?
Oh, I'm just doing great tonight.
It sounds like it.
I'm going to try and help turn it around.
I got a little thing, which is a little thing,
but it just comes me a little bit,
that every time I go to a bar in Tallahassee,
which is where I am for the summer, I still get to show identification, and I'm 25 and
a half years old. So again, it's not a big deal. I always carry it, so I have to show
it, but I haven't been asked for identification elsewhere in about three or four years, because
I'm quite tall, so every time I have to whip it out again, it's just like, oh, one thing,
things some air yeah yeah it's time to stop using the half age in there okay
you're 25 I only mentioned it because it was my half birthday the other day and
my mom called me to tell me a little bully a lot of free time there for mom
huh yeah she still keeps an eye out tracking the half birthdays yeah might
It might be time to look into a book club.
I think she has one.
It might be time to look into a second book club.
She is lovely.
I know I'm painting her in a very bad way.
No, that's not bad.
Is she cares?
Exactly.
That's what it is.
All right.
Well, let's hear it, Samir.
Tom, it's just a little things.
Thank you.
FM, you're on the air.
Hey, Tom, Mr. Smootie.
How are you?
I'm doing all right. How are you? I'm doing good. I
Got some for the topic. No, let's hear it. It's a little thing. It's something that I find accidentally gross
What's at the thought Chan? The thought Chan. I avoided that thing. I'm you know, I'm really glad that's gone. It's gone
Did it to themselves sick to my stomach
The poison of the thought Chan has leaked over into this show tonight
Well, it's supposed to be about the show, the show's a flop. I got to shake it off. All right, let's move on.
But you know what I mean? Look, I'm in this awful studio tonight. I can't concentrate in here.
This place is the got two phone lines that are down on the thing. This thing's like a submarine.
I got to have a fan in here where I'll pass out. Something you've got to pile up with little things.
Yes. Mike Stan just moved. Get Panjia, Mike. Go get Panjia. Oh, please don't get Panjia, Tom.
Panjia party. That's right. How do I answer that? So let's hear what you got there, Spoonie.
Well, it's something that's a small thing and it's accidentally gross to me and I don't want to come across like an iPhone bashing.
phone bashing, but they kind of grossed me out a little bit. Those smooth, beautiful
screens, they're so well designed. They just captured grease in the fingerprints really
well. So whenever someone pulls one out and says, Oh, would you like to use my phone?
Would you like to look something up and the lights hitting it just right? And it's all
crutted up with fingerprints. Yeah. We all have it. We all do it.
Wipe your iPhone off. Yeah, do the little Rambo thing where you clean the knife off
on it. I just can't like get the blood off. Yes. I think they're waving an old toothbrush
in my face. That kind of I skive up a little bit. Yeah. Do do that. Do the Rambo thing iPhone
users. Say it. Spoonie. Oh, iPhone. It's a little thing. Thank you. 201 536 9368. That's
the number here tonight. This is the best show on WFMU. My name's Tom Sharpling. I'm
I'm here with you until 11 o'clock Eastern Standard Time on this spectacular Tuesday evening.
Is it over yet? Oh no, it's not.
I figured if I close my eyes, I might be home.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey Tom, I have one for the topic.
Let's hear it.
Um, goo!
Do it. It's all yours, buddy.
Uh, when you're exiting or entering a building, and they're double doors, and you go for one of the doors, and it's locked.
It's like you pick the wrong door. That's a good one.
Yeah, because I mean, you know, someone's got to open one door and decide that, you know, why not open both at the same time? Unlock them, I mean.
Yes, exactly. You know what you want to know what? You, sir.
Best call of the night.
Tom, I have one more question.
Well, let's hear it.
What do you think USA's chances are for the basketball team?
I'm torn. I would like to see them win, and then I would like to see them not win.
I don't know. The U.S. Olympic team is not, never seems to be that good anymore,
anymore because these guys can't play they can't play international style
basketball I think it's gonna come down Carmelo Anthony I think he's gonna choke
that guy's not that guy's not much good regular season player yes he is a
regular season that guy's not clutch I'm clutch
if that's funny I like it get off my phone FM you you're on the air hi Tom
hi who's this this is Lori from Miami how are you doing I'm doing okay I'm
I got to go apparently some kids stole some snacks from the mess hall and are hiding
them in their bunk.
Oh no, if that was their bud juice and little James is to pay.
What am I, camp counselor?
It's like a camp counselor.
I feel partially responsible.
Well I'll move on.
I'll move on.
on okay what do you got for me so the little thing yes I have a cell phone
like most people do yeah it works pretty much everywhere mm-hmm except in my
actual house oh that would be annoying yeah so every time I need to make a
phone call on the cell phone I have to go outside I can't get cell phone calls
My house I've been wanting to get rid of my landline. You can't you can't do it. What what what?
What what what what a server provider are you using there? I'm using T mobile T mobile. What's that?
It's not AT&T and it's not sprint and it's not sprint. Yeah, are you gonna make the jump? Oh
What buy an iPhone or not just to change just the change providers
I mean, I'm in a two-year contract.
How far into it are you?
Over a year.
Pulled a trigger.
Life's too short.
Yeah, just venturing out on the patio.
Tell them you can't get reception in your own house.
You know what?
They should come here and fix it.
Exactly.
I'm not in the boonies.
No. No. In Miami. Yes. Party town. Party city. Is it party city right now? I'm actually
home so I couldn't tell you. But I'm sure someone's partying out there tonight. But
in general, in the summer in Miami, is it just party city? Yeah, I mean, it's more like
spring break it gets really crazy but yeah there's I you know I when you go
out on the beach and by beach I mean like Collins Avenue and stuff yeah this is
a really boring call no it's not I'm asking you the question but yeah it's
pretty crazy and yeah pretty much anything goes on the beach I don't like
like that. It's like a fotchan. Yeah, it is a little bit like fotchan. There's apparently
no dress code whatsoever. It's a little creepy. I don't like it. I don't like it either.
I don't like it. Thank you, Lori. You're welcome. FM you, you're on the air. Hey, Tom,
it's Ted from Bloomfield. Oh, I know who this is. The rock star. The rock star. Yeah. Six
string warrior, Ted Leo. How are you? I'm doing okay. Would that be, would you consider
that as the title for your next album, Six String Warrior? Six String Warrior? Yeah. I would
consider that absolutely. How excited would your label be if you told them? Hey, the name
of the album, Six String Warrior. In a weird way, I think they actually might, they might
appreciate the, you know, boldness with which. I think they might be like, yeah, there's
There's a reason why the digits and the pill-doser aren't here anymore.
We're trying to blame it on file sharing, but really it's the album title.
Although, I tell you, I personally, if I was a music, if I was a kid who liked to boost
music, and I saw like six-ring warrior, I'd be like, I think I'm going to skip that one.
Yeah, that's true.
That might be easy on my
It's not worth clicking twice
Yeah, it's only going to be the percentage of your own is if that's going to give you the benefit of the doubt
Yeah, you know for calling
We're going to be interested in hearing it. Sorry sense space
Well, I have I have a little thing for the topic let's hear it. I can't wait well
I know that this exists in a lot of different contexts
The only thing I can really think of specifically is at Starbucks and it's this kind of like
the lingo that you know a certain group of people usually in a kind of work place or
something have that you have absolutely no there's no logical reason why you should
know that they're lingo.
So when you explain what kind of drink you want to them and then they shout it to the
other person in their starbucks lingo
that would that would all be okay if they didn't
obviously derived such satisfaction for making you look like an idiot for
ordering in plain english
you mean the idea for just like yeah i want like a large ice coffee but like
kind of like
well like sugar-free syrup do you have you could put in there and be like
and there's a there's a high you know the role of the eyes and then shout over
the shoulder in some
and language that there's no there's no reason why you should know that so you
know forgive me for not ordering that way you know
exactly it's like
back in the back in the uh... in the uh...
back in like the the forties when you go eat at a diner and it'd be the
person ordering didn't have to say go on an atom and even on a raft
right
yeah give me a dog drink through the garden yeah you know what it you know
like all that kind of stuff now that shorter cooking you know you don't have
to order that way
That lingo exactly that lingo is on that's put on the staff to do that and they're not supposed to make you feel bad for
They're they're supposed to be putting on a little show with it. Yeah. Yeah, and the other thing gets me about the Starbucks experience
Yeah, I go in there a lot of leanin when I go in there a lot of leanin
Trying to get you mean like do you want such a such with that? No, no, I mean leaning as in
And it might not take me so long to get in and out of here if everyone was doing something.
Well, there's always that one kid just like sitting like kind of like three feet away
from the register, just like kind of hiding behind like the food thing and just like,
but they're like talking.
They're like having a conversation with everybody.
They do seem to have a continual, continual work relationship, all of them down there.
They're just like telling some boring story from their life.
So then I said, I was going to go, it's like, I'm here, I'm about to pay $9.50 for a coffee.
Maybe you could give me the floor right now.
Yeah, the little things.
It is the little things.
I should have had that song by a bush queued up, little things.
And every time somebody played, I would have played the chorus on a loop, right?
I can't I can't answer say that another time. Do you like Bush Gavin Rosdale? I
Wouldn't put him at well, you know, I don't would you consider letting Gavin Rosdale produce your next album? I
Would not I'm gonna go
Definitive as can be yeah
thought
and are you sad to see it go
i'd be honest with you
i enjoyed thought
they couldn't get it they couldn't let me stop in there is no question no
question a lot of crummy stuff
but i also thought that you know if you could take it for what it was it was
just kind of fun for a while you know
well what if it was called
ted chan
well see that that is exactly i was just talking about this with with my friend
jodi actually that's exactly where i was like i have to actually said i
say like this existed on my website was my name that was attached to a lot of
stuff that was being said there's no way i could let that happen
a completely completely understand where you're coming from in that regard
egg
exactly thank you thank you ted
all right buddy all right you have a good rest of the name you too
all right but return the corner now
FM you you're on the air. Hey, how's it going doing? All right
The Greg from Baltimore Greg from Baltimore. This is a quality caller. How are you Greg? I'm all right. How are you doing? Okay?
Let's see a little thing a little day. Mm-hmm
It was crazy little intermittent beeping sounds that happen
Around wake machines that you can't figure out where it's coming from but it
It drives me absolutely at the wall even though it doesn't seem to bother anybody else like what type of machine might be responsible for one of these beeps
like a burglar or a fire alarm or a copier or
Yes, you know a fire a smoke detector like a carbon monoxide
Detector is the most shrill sound I've ever heard when it's like
It's like
What is that?
And you can't tell where it's coming from and you can't figure out how to make it stop yeah, then you're like
Maybe it's done. Maybe it's over
Oh, the other day I was at work and it was annoying got it
Consulted making copies in the other room and I had no idea what was going on like I just hear this little
Beeping sound in the background. So I like get up and I actually yell in the name of God. What is that infernal?
brackets and she's like it's just me making copies say it say it Greg the
little thing thank you FM you you're on the air hello Tom this is Julie from
Cincinnati how are you doing our equality caller quality caller to the last guy
Are you? Me? What? Yes. Top notch. Top notch. Top notch caller. Okay. The topic is the
little things. Yes. Little things that make you happy, your little things that make you
angry. I don't know what whatever works for you. Little things. Okay. I have a geek job
and the little thing that what what job geeky like uh i do like computer geek stuff okay
um like geek squad what like geek squad i don't even know what that is but maybe
okay okay what um little thing okay what makes me angry is people who cannot say they're wrong
and try to blame everyone else.
Give me an example from your workplace.
I am. I'm ready.
Okay, so my example is like
if you met something up and you have to blame someone else
because they said something that
like if they said A was B
and you listen to them though A was obviously not B, but you acted like it was, then that's an example.
Yes, yes. You don't even know what I'm talking about. Yes, yes. Say it.
Yes, like if you're wrong, my main point is if you're wrong, say you're wrong, that's it.
Yes, you're wrong and fix it. Yes why like for whose fault it is just fix the trouble. Let's move on
What are we doing here life's too short?
Yes, why do you do short it is yes? Yes, yes
Thanks, okay got enough of that
That's how you go around the air.
Hey, Tom.
Hey.
It's Colin in Los Angeles.
holland and los angeles
quality caller
uh... thank you
i'm sorry if i found a little stuffed up on the little under the weather
that's all right
that's all right
but i have one for the topic or let's hear it
um...
it's people who insist on having a long conversation over text messages
you know what's it have to keep breaking into like three different
text like
for example the friend you had something
and you send them a response and they keep sending you
more messages instead of just calling you and having a conversation
the control person
they want to they want to take back and forth
i think it's just really annoying
you want to know what
dead on the money
dead on the money
say it colin
uh... the little thing
thank you
over on the uh... just got a message sent to me from uh...
friend of the show to res just said uh...
her old boss at the supermarket said if you have time to lean
you have time to clean
very true
very true
fm you you're on the air
yes uh... jason from jerry c
well jason from jerry city
good heavens
how are you tonight
i'm a little sad
I don't want to talk about it.
Nope. Don't want to talk about?
Fine.
Things are moving.
Changes though.
Ch-ch-ch-ch-ch, just like your countryman said.
Ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch changes.
Right?
Right.
Your countryman.
Turn and face the strain.
Ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch.
Come on, you hot channels.
I was talking about what Teddy said.
Yes, yes!
what about starbucks
or about gavin gavin rossdale
uh... starbucks okay about you know
it's not those guys thought that i have to say
grand-day
or ventay
or whatever the other one is
uh...
tall like the corporate policy
if they don't say it they don't have a job there
but it's not blaming he he knows that
but just
with the guy that you think the guys were in their eyes
When you go in and ask for a small, it's because every fifth person probably says that and
thinks that they are, you know, striking the blow against the corporate machine and they
have to do that all day.
Or?
They just don't know.
What do you mean they don't know?
They know what a small and a medium and a large is.
Yes they do.
But who doesn't know what's smaller than me?
I'm saying the people who come in the store.
I'm a customer at Starbucks, and I'm not the very well-versed in Starbucks, for example,
which is not true, because I go in that place.
I just tell them how it's going to be, and how they're going to make my thing, and if
they don't, and I've done this before, I pour it right on the floor.
And then I knock over a rack of CDs.
And I've done it before.
I've done it probably about seven times now.
Everyone in the store every time I do it. They cheer
There's only particular CD you go for um, they slide in the family stone tribute
Featuring Fergie's version of a hot fun in the summer time
I saw the best of scar and reggae
Yeah
Yes, we couldn't fit enough best of reggae on one CD
So we had to include an entirely different type of music. Don't worry. It's 12 songs
6 of each.
The day I buy at CD from Starbucks is the day I open up a vein and bid this well goodbye.
But what if you went into Starbucks, right?
Yeah.
And all of a sudden you saw they had a CD by Stevie Blue.
I'd ask them if they had the vinyl.
What if they had vinyl?
I'd buy it.
You'd buy it in a heartbeat.
You would buy it.
Right?
Yeah, I would.
But that would never happen.
It wouldn't.
Oh, maybe it will though.
Who knows?
They're kind of getting into that rootsy kind of thing.
If you saw CD, it said chocolate covered kisses.
Hot chocolate covered kisses.
Is it hot chocolate covered?
No, it would be in the storm.
It would be hot chocolate.
It would be hot chocolate.
Chino cup.
You listen in, Stevie?
Mocha-chino covered kisses.
Hey, there's a real good real girl.
But anyway, the average slob who is not well versed in Starbucks goes in,
and they're like, I want a medium.
And it's like, ugh, that's a grande.
Like, sometimes you get real tood from the person behind the counter.
Yeah, because I have to deal with it all day. Imagine you're working there. Yeah
Oh gee Jeepers only imagine if there was another place you could possibly go work if it was that hard for you
I'll say it's not the customer's fault. I
Mean if it bothered you that much surely you could find another coffee shop
But it's not bother who said that it shouldn't be if it's bothering the person behind the counter enough
They should go find another job
where they can't just go oh hey yeah here we do a tall grande and venti it's
not a small medium and large but they're not doing that because they want to
they're doing it because they're told to and that's their job that's what I'm saying
and when you go in and say small medium or large and I used to do that I used to
say that all the time and in one day I thought about it and I thought these
people probably hear that one and every thing customer comes up and thinks they're being
clever by saying I'll have a small I'll say but what if they're not what if it's not a
matter of being clever just a matter of being uninformed well you know money still same money
still is green and our money's green over here by the way it's green green as the greenish
tree you've ever seen. Green is a fern in full bloom, and ferns don't bloom.
Deferns bloom? I don't think so.
Are they ever green? I don't know.
I don't know what color your crazy money was over there. Yellow, brown.
It's red, green, and blue. Red, green, and blue.
Yeah, actually if you used to be green it's not green anymore.
Sound that would be green, but like a but like a sickly kind of green
More like a full emerald not the forest green of u.s. Money
It's called money green
That green should be called u.s. Money green
Because that's how awesome it is and how valuable if it is
Okay, but you understand my point. I do understand your point and I I will get I will give it to you to a certain
uh... degree but i still feel for the uneducated
the uneducated starbucks slob
who's you who's me
you let me win one battle
all well stop
it's all yours
that's my name is the things i called
i don't see www dot jason chan
dot com going up
why bring it up i don't know what you're talking about call it jason chan dot com
do you like
go daddy i got my six ninety nine
good night jason thank you for everything seriously
top-notch you jason one other thing
you're in the hall of fame right
guess what
from august
twenty ninth
to november fourth
is going to be a special exhibit
dedicated to you in the hall of fame
that's how much you're in the public
it is open to the public certain members of the public
they have the bad side of this style
somebody else is getting added to the whole thing in the same exhibit
mike
no not the mike out there
this other guy mike you haven't met
wait till you meet mike
the other mike
it's really mike the call-screener mike
but it's him he there's like he he puts on like a fake mustache every once in a
while
and he calls himself the other mike
like it
thank you jason
from jersey city
fm you you're on the air
it's five o
also known as chris from Manhattan
how are you chris great
uh... actually you know i went to a starbucks recently yes and had
fantastic service you know where it was
Toronto
Exemplary makes a perfect sense makes perfect sense because those guys know
If they drop the ball, you're just gonna walk right across the street to
to a Timothy's I
Probably could have done that in that neighborhood, but in any case they were there. They brought it
But that's not the reason I called but it's related to the reason I call it is the reason United States customs
On the same trip, I was at a conference in Buffalo for a few days and I decided to
just drive over to Toronto for a few days for a couple days actually visit an old friend
and just hang out in the place, love the city.
And so I'm driving over the border into Canada and the customs official there
there and met me and said, you know, just all business like, you know, any firearms
or explosives?
No.
Any alcohol or tobacco?
No.
Welcome to Canada.
And on I drove.
Yes.
Coming back into the States.
Yep.
I kind of drove around Lake Ontario just to see it, never been there before, and came
in through like, you know, the Thousand Islands, which is probably mistake number one, you know,
sort of a backwater custom stop.
But the guy at the border could not have been surlier, and all I'm doing is going home.
But he wants to know, why were you going there, why did you only go for a day and a half?
And for some reason your vehicle, no, I rented it.
I was driving a rental.
Can I see the registration?
And he just gives me the surliest attitude.
And it's just like saying, it's like the opposite of saying welcome home.
And the thing is, you know, this has happened to me a lot in airports and stuff.
And I just got to say, I got to say it, right?
Say it.
What do I say?
It's the little things.
Thank you.
And you know what?
Light up at the border.
You see, you just know who this guy is.
No, he might have been just having a bad day.
Or bored.
Probably bored.
Thanks, buddy.
No problem.
FM you're on the air. Hey Tom it's John from Maplewood. Hey John how are you? I'm
doing all right how are you? I'm doing okay. It's weird when you're in the
submarine you can't really hear what's going on while you're on hold so I know
the last guy already talked about this. The thing I was calling about that
drives me crazy the little thing is when you buy one item at the store and they
give you a bag that kind of drives me nuts like you got a stick a gun. Yeah and
they drop it in a plastic bag they drop it in plastic bag maybe even give you a
receipt
you know what i always say
hold the bag champ
hold the bag champ i gotta remember that
say hold the bag champ
or hold the bag champ
say what what do i look like an old lady i need a bag for this packet gum
yeah i got hands
and pockets
hands and pockets
That's what you say until next time.
I got hands and pockets.
What are you doing?
You know, I was at Five God is your favorite place.
And they put, this was back when I was even meat,
they put a burger in a bag,
and I took the burger out of the bag
and said, you can use it if I don't need it,
walking away and I turn around
and she's crumpling up the bag and throws in the trash.
Yeah, yeah.
You have to understand,
it's not like those things were trees at one point.
Exactly.
Oh, no, wait, they were. Yes. I'm sorry. I forgot. I forgot how trees were trees came from
Terrible. Thanks young man. Have a good night
FM you you're on the air
Yeah, that Irish gentleman who was just talking about coffee
Uh-huh. He was talking about, you know, the nem sizes and stuff. Yeah, I just wanted him to know that at Wawa
They have three sizes and they're you know big large and bigger
So he should come on down and check us out
Big large and bigger. I didn't know that's what the sizes were. Yeah, like a big is a small
A large is a medium and then the bigger is a large. Why but okay? There's no biggest though
No, why?
Okay, I'm stupid. Oh, I'm sorry
You know who this is you'll never get a million years. Yeah, I think I know who it is who it's Roy Philly boy Roy
Yeah, how are you doing? I'm okay. I have a question for you though. Oh, well, what's that you chew in her bitein?
Have you heard that guy I
You know what a little bit. I don't what I heard that guy in the past
I'm not a BJ Bryson fan.
You don't listen to the bridge?
I don't. I don't like that combo of music.
Oh, that's the best thing that ever come out of Jersey ever.
That is a bad combination of music. I'm sorry.
Oh, but you can't deny that he's the best DJ ever.
I definitely can deny it.
Definitely the best DJ in New Jersey, right?
Um...
I definitely can deny it.
Definitely the best DJ in New Jersey, right?
Um, well, you know, I like me.
Really?
Yeah.
What do you like about you?
I'm so, I'm sorry.
Oh, no apology could be too big.
Oh, you don't think that's a little rude what you just said.
Oh, no, it ain't.
Hey, you know what?
What?
I'm going to be up there in a week to hit the old campaign trail
Really? Yeah, you mean for for mayor of Newbridge the may you gonna?
May you been a Tory?
man
We'll say it again. May you been a Toriel? May lose
I'd say it again.
May you be not a real will in no over you're not going to get it okay let's say the election
the election yeah yeah you get a hard time with that what didn't okay well you're not
okay what are you all about Tom because well you know I would have just assumed yeah that
you wouldn't be in the race anymore why not you know.
I thought when I heard your voice, honestly, this is what I thought you were going to say.
You know, I said I was running for a mayor, I'm dropping out, I want to spend more time with my family.
Spend more time with my family, good God, no.
I can barely stay in them now.
Oh, wow.
You're driving me nuts.
So you're looking to get out of the house more.
Oh, yeah. Oh, my God.
Long hot summer Tom. Mm-hmm. Yeah, you'll never guess what Roy Juniors in to now. I
Probably won't well, you know the other kids in his street gang they have that rock band game
Yeah, yeah, the the the the thing you play where you have the guitars and the drum exactly
Well, he loves going to their clubhouse and play in that thing all day. Uh-huh. Yeah, okay, and um
He hangs out there Clubhouse and this just kills me the Clubhouse is in Center City
He's not keeping it rocks burrow at all
And that really bothers you of course it does I go really junior you're getting too big for your britches hanging out near
Jewelers Road down Santham Street with all these rich kids. I mean some of their parents make upwards of
$60,000
Those are the rich kids. Oh yeah
And I go, son, you've got to keep it real.
Who do you think you're Todd Rungren?
You're going to blow town for Satin City?
Satin City. What is Satin City?
New York.
I've never heard it called that.
Oh, everyone has Satin sheets up there, right?
That's interesting.
Even the bums have Satin sheets from what I hear.
I'm sorry, hobo's.
Well, as long as we're being politically correct, I appreciate it.
Okay.
Yeah.
Well, any who?
Yeah.
Roy Jr. wanted me to buy him this rock band thing for Sunday.
Okay.
Sunday?
Is that...
I've never heard of Sunday.
Oh, yeah.
It's a big thing.
Sunday is when parents celebrate their sons.
It happens eight times a year.
Now, they didn't have sons.
And if I remember correctly, when you were a kid, there was no such thing as Sunday.
You know, come to think of it, there wasn't.
Yeah, when, do you remember when that holiday started?
Well, I first found out about it about seven years ago.
Uh-huh.
And you remember who might have told you about it?
Let me think.
Roy Jr. maybe?
It was Roy Jr.
Yeah.
Why?
Because he's pulling, he's pulling one over on you.
he's probably eight over on you because i think we ain't
all but i got to keep buying in present my god i'm i'm going i'm going in into
into into debt big time i keep telling them
what am i made of gold balloon
uh...
uh... just with the lost me that what it made of gold balloon
like better on my treasure ships back in the old days when guys used to you
know where them at
and the frilly shirts and the bone earrings
Pirate pirates like pirates what like the bit no not a baseball team. You know what a dummy. No
Read a history book much don't sound like it
No, I will the the baseball team took their name from this
The people you're talking about pirates who's sailed around and they had gold doubloons
The balloons no the balloons. Oh, you don't know what you're talking about the balloons. Okay. We'll agree to disagree on that
I get a gold coin
Yeah, okay anyway
Well, but this rock band thing is so expensive
Uh-huh, and I sure ain't gonna go down to the gallery and put one on a layer way
Mm-hmm not giving any my money to nobody in Center City. Mm-hmm kidding me. Yeah
So I decided to get Roy Jr. the Radio Hut version of Rock Band.
Yeah. What is that?
It's called Music Group.
Music Group.
Yeah, why?
Because I've never, it sounds like a, I'm laughing because that sounds like a Radio Hut product.
Like it just hits a little off and a little generic.
Well, it seemed pretty cool to me, but Roy Jr.
Yeah.
He says he don't like it and he ain't gonna play it.
And why is that?
well he quite caught because he's an ungrate
yet i would
yet that sounds like an ungrate well that would uh...
would do that
well he's thinking it's music grip is just like rock band
yeah only pick up the guitars are made out of the whole ukulele is that radio
hut must have bought in bulk uh... and the button here on the ukulele yeah
they're from that game rick that they marketed back in the seventies that was
their version of simon
they i do remember that what was it called it was called rick
rick their version of
yet that was a weird
it was like a memory game yes
yeah i couldn't get too far now i would get like two of them they blink
twice and i could remember where i was you get lost after two on rick or
simon
ok i'm like only do like half of the of the of the button
really couldn't follow it
Well, you know
Some people have got me started on Ruben's cube
Okay, I won't I won't get you started on Ruben's cube. Okay. Yeah, that was embarrassing too. Yeah
Well everybody's got I wasn't sure how to hold it even
Yeah, how did you think you were supposed to hold it?
I didn't really know it seemed like you know
You're supposed to hold it a certain way and I could never do it right and then I got I always ended up throwing it
Through a window
yeah i don't have to run like a mile to find a window
to smash it
so you and you made a point of uh... specifically throwing it through a
window absolutely that was sort of my thing
uh-huh yeah
yeah
you know how how rock band just kind of stops when you make a bunch of mistakes
you know it'll kind of like turt like the band will stop playing all together
uh-huh uh-huh but with music group if you make a mistake you get shocked
and then the ukulele starts using black ink all over your clothes
jesus boy and that's that's
yeah i don't i can see why he might not have been as into music group i think
it's hilarious the roid junior he don't like getting shocked
uh-huh and i go you gotta practice more son
and then he usually goes dad make it stop shocking me i'm about to pass out
uh-huh and then guess what i say
Okay, wait for me to go get another six-three-hingling from Wawa. I'll be back in, like, forty.
Hee hee hee hee hee. That's terrible.
I mean, you might think it's like Sean and Freud.
Is Sean and Freud? What's that? That's, I think, the word you're probably trying to say.
No, it's three words. Which is what?
Sean and Freud.
Sean, with the name Sean.
Exactly, and Freud. Like the doctor.
So who is Sean?
I don't know.
Freud's son.
Alright.
I don't know.
Alright, sure.
Okay, Sean and Freud.
Yeah.
Like when you're laughing at something, someone's misfortunate.
Yeah, it is like Sean.
Cragged dictionary much, it don't sound like it.
You're right.
You're right.
I kind of should maybe hit the books again, huh?
Hey.
Yeah.
You're in the infotainment business, right?
Uh-huh.
Well, yesterday I had a regulation.
okay what was your regulation well I had an idea so good that I decided to quit
my job at Wawa you know they hired me back yeah I remember they hired you
back yeah only thing was they hired me at my old salary from 1984 wow as it was
that kind of like a punishment oh yeah but they needed help for Hokey Fest
uh-huh which just ended the other day mm-hmm yeah did it end how did it end in
your place was it exciting it was very exciting yeah yeah the last week was
meatball hogies so yeah I was giving meatball hogies away so it was like a
real kind of push to go out with a battle yeah yeah that's good I'm glad it
went out in and it went out didn't go out soft oh it's fun yeah good good
mushrooms made it better too uh-huh yeah the boy you were putting mushrooms on
sandwiches i was doing mushrooms why
yeah well that's
neither here nor there
okay anyway my regulation yeah well what is it well as might the whole the whole
fam dam is gathered around the tv watch an action news
yeah
and there's a story about a family from up there in abington
who was taken accrues to the Bahamas
or jamaica
in one of them islands where they play music like the hooters
one of the
what do you mean reggae
what's it called reggae
i think it's reggae
no it's from it's named after reggae jackson
no it's it's the the music is definitely not
it's called it's called reggae and it's older than reggae jack all right let me
write that down r a y
gay like you know what i mean what what yeah that's exactly it r a y g a y
okay that's the music look look that up i'm sure you'll
Okay, okay, I'm gonna find some new sounds out. Oh, I love it. Okay. So anyway the family they all got off the boat
Mm-hmm, and they went into town, but there was a mix-up. Yeah, and only the mother and the daughter made it back on the boat
Before it sailed off. Yeah, and the father and the son they got stuck on the island
Okay, and then all of a sudden it hit me the greatest newspaper headline ever and it's gonna get me a job at the enquirer
You you wait. You're never gonna guess what the headline is in a million years. So we're so brilliant. So they were stuck on the
To them was stuck on the island and the others were it was on the boat, you know, sailing away. Uh-huh
It's like they got they were they were separated. Yeah
Is it is it gonna be is it is your headline like a play on we're like separated at birth?
Wait, what? Like, you know, like, B-E-R-T-H birth.
My god, it's like your David Coppertone or something. The Amazing Crest Skin.
Yeah. No, I'm not the Amazing Crest Skin.
How did you know that?
Well, it's a crummy play on words.
No, it ain't.
It's really pretty bad.
It's very smart.
It's it's not that smart roid junior thought it was very smart. Well, it's it's I it's a little he did make a face
Though I thought he was like I thought it was like a smart proud of your dad face
Yeah, you know that I think about it. He was rolling his eyes. Yeah, he might have been zinging you a little bit. Oh
Yeah
Yeah
It's kind of obvious. I'm sorry
Separated it my job
thinking that what you were going to get hired as like a headline writer maybe
the editor of the inquirer yeah they would just hire you because you thought
of a good pun make sense don't it it doesn't make a lot of sense okay you you
really needed that wall wall job again didn't you what don't matter because I'm
going to be mayor oh that's right I forgot you're you're running you're
still in the race oh yeah I'm gonna win it probably I know I will yeah so you're
not you're not afraid at all afraid of what like the the you know the the whole
stuff with the chocolate here chocolate here ought to be afraid of a chocolate
here i've been kicking chocolate tears and so i was a kid well you know you know
the guy moved to new bridge and it's kind of taking over i guess is the
Is the probably the pole you know the the tame way of putting it
What's his name?
Halversome like tour. I think it's tour Halversome
Wow, you're kind of you're kind of coming apart there. No, I wasn't
what are you like you're stammering sound like Ralph crammed in I was doing
surfing bird okay okay I'm just popped into my head well everybody's heard about
soon as I said Tor Halversome you ended up stammering like that who did you did
I don't think I did. Yeah, when I said his name, you did. No, I didn't. Hey, guess what? What guess who don't want to sponsor me?
In what? In the race? Who? The Republican Party. Oh, that's right. You you enter the race as a Republican. Yeah. Uh-huh. They said there was things in my past they don't want to be associated with. Yeah. Oh, that's not much of a shocker. Well,
You know, the main thing was when I robbed that dairy queen up on Rosa Belt Boulevard back in 88.
Yeah, they don't. They don't want a guy representing their party.
Well, I keep, I kept telling him I didn't take no money.
I just wanted those miniature baseball helmets.
Uh-huh. That's what, that's what the, the robbery was about.
It totally was. Yeah, I got like 4,000 of them.
But I didn't, I did end up shooting the manager.
Well, then you did.
Yeah. Well, it doesn't matter if you've been taking any money. You ended up hurting someone.
I think it was a little more than that.
Uh-huh. Yeah.
What else?
Yes. No, I didn't just hurt him.
Uh-huh. Yeah.
You killed him?
Define killed.
Is he alive right now?
Define right now.
Today.
No.
Well, I don't even want to know about this.
Okay. I won't even talk about the stabins.
Let's not talk about the stabins.
Or the time I was fell in shrooms or the church, okay, let's we'll we don't judge me
I'm not judging a judge you first time first my first day on the job. Who's gonna be what I'm gonna be on my throne
I'm gonna have you come up. You're gonna get in my feet
You're gonna put where they do put you put oil on the feet and then you got to wash my feet off with your hair
No, yeah, like Judas did that's nothing to do with being made of a new bridge. It's just like Judas did to God
But God was on the throne. Yeah, you know, it's not it was to it has nothing to do with any of that and you know what I
Gotta say, I think it's kind of
foolhardy of you to be so quick to dismiss me when I when I
Actually have something of a little a platform like a little little vehicle here where I could endorse a candidate
Possibly I have yet to endorse anyone
one when doors me then well not after what you just said you're gonna do to me
oh that was a joke I don't think much I'm gonna think about it I mean I really
don't feel comfortable at all with a guy who's kind of you know putting together
these loose cheap threats about when and when when he's in charge what he's
gonna do to me the horrible you know I probably wouldn't do what I said I was
going to never know though yeah yeah I've been drinking that first day which I
think we all know will probably be true that I will have been drinking
probably yeah yeah I'm gonna say it'll probably will be true so you know what
I'm gonna still I'm still gonna consider my options here that who I'm gonna
endorse okay but I just hope you don't go the way of that Dairy Queen manager
you never know you never never know that's terrible why would you say that I
you never know stop stop you never stop it ever no ever no I don't like this
do you do you goodbye you never know I don't like you saying it like that it's
creepy. You never, never, don't not know. Wow. Just when he was getting cuddly, he got
creepy again. FM you you're on the air yeah yeah you're on the air great thank
you what's your name my name is Mark calling from Chicago what can I do for
reading that mark
uh... call and i got one for the topic let's hear it
well it's kind of the little thing
but also kind of a big thing i get kind of upset about it
i'm a gentleman
and when i use the restroom
i put the seat up if i want to hear this
filth talk
goodbye
that how they do it out in chicago i don't like that
uh... would do i do i sound like al goldstein suddenly
people got a uh... think they can just say whatever filth pops into their mind
this not a parade of filth
the family show
so i sunk the uh... the the thought chant
fm you you're on the air
yeah uh... this is nate from st paul
nate from st paul how are you
that doing all right how are you done i'm doing okay here on w f m u f m u
east orange w x h steamer hope worldwide on the worldwide web at w f m u dot o r g
what can i do for you nate
at a call for the topic let's hear it
right now uh...
there in uh...
in uh...
minnesota there is
we don't have seven eleven we have something called super america if they came
a couple decades back and bought up all the 7-Elevens and now they're at the convenience store in
Monopoly and I live a couple blocks away from one and the thing that they do is you know I walk
up to the counter with like you know bottle of pot or a Snickers bar or something and we exchange
the money and then they're like would you like a speedy rewards card like that kind of gets to
to me for some reason. It's kind of trivial, but I used to work retail when I was in high
school. And the thing is, I really don't like the idea of people cussed cashiers and people
being provoked upsell things.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I know what you mean. I know what you mean. Just the idea that there's
to be some club when I'm trying to buy an 89 cent candy bar.
Yeah, like they expect me to come back every single day
and then eventually the discount will be worth it.
Yeah.
It's made sense.
What's wrong with anonymity?
Yeah.
And then it kind of gets a bit more ridiculous
when you factor in the fact that pretty much every major department
store and retail outlet now has their own little discount card.
So you have like 15 different cards in your wallet
that you have to kind of keep track of if you actually
are naive enough to sign up for all these things.
It's just a bit much.
It's hard.
I hear you.
I hear you, buddy.
Thanks.
If I'm you, you're on the air.
All right, Tom, it's Safe and Winnipeg Colin.
How are you tonight?
I'm fine, are you?
Doing okay.
Good.
Little thing that bothers me.
When you go to a restaurant and the waiter comes up and asks if you want anything else
like a drink or something and you say yes and then they completely forget about you.
That's the worst.
I don't know. I understand they're busy like I don't want to be a jerk or anything
but it ends up I just sit around and like wait are they going to get my drink now?
How about now?
Because now that I said I want it, I want it.
Yeah.
Sick.
Thank you.
You know what else drives me crazy?
Just write this stuff down.
Just write it down waiter, servers, just write it down.
What are you doing?
It's like a macho head stuff where it's like, I'm so mentally tough I could remember anything.
like uh-huh uh-huh and then they repeat it back to you and they still get it
wrong anyway yeah yeah you wouldn't have to repeat it back to me if you wrote it
down yep why don't you take the bags that people
thrown out over five guys and we're right the order is down on those thank
you FM you're on the air hi Tom hi who's this Ben from Toronto Ben from
Toronto calling a two oh one five three six nine three six eight what can I do
for you Ben have a quick one for the topic but it's best show related so I
need your help let's hear it I need you to say I need you to say what you say
when you enter the phone and then I'll do my little thing am I being set up
here no not at all you promise you know you're you're from Toronto you're you're
a classy guy straight shooter straight shooter exactly you'll feel see what I
I think what do you want me to say FM you you're on the air okay
Yeah, say that
Are we ready now for this little play that we're apparently about to do yep
When do I go okay go now yep
FM you you're on the air
This is me
That's it that's up there. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I mean I'll still spot people on it because it is yeah
I know, there's a leg, you know, it's difficult if you're listening to both ears.
But it sounds, doesn't it sound different when the call finally picks up?
Yeah, yeah, you're right.
When I finally get on the line, FMU, you're on the air, all of a sudden it's like, you
know what?
I'm going to let people slide on.
I can understand how I drive you crazy.
I'll let people slide on.
Well, it is a little thing.
You know what?
Absolutely.
me in my place
so i think you've been
that said he'd love me
fm you're on the air
uh...
uh... who says
uh... ryan calling from uh... st louis
st louis
america's greatest uh... sporting city
it's known as name of many
where'd that start
where did that start
i don't know you know i'm gonna guess it started from people in st louis
i've lost i just moved here one big
when people are like hey this is the greatest uh... sport city in america
it's like really what do you have
the uh... cardinals and and the cardinals
i thought the cardinals and we're going to be nice but they turn out to be mean
What do you mean to do to each other?
Well, I'm a Mets fan and I just moved here.
You thought they were going to be nice to you?
Well, I thought Midwestern values would...
Midwestern values.
Those are the most...
Those are the most valueless people in this country.
Midwestern value?
That's the other thing.
Dump in Midwestern value.
That was people out there.
It's like...
It's like the thought-chan out there.
It is.
If they understood sarcasm like in New Jersey, it wouldn't be a problem if you go to a game and you start, you know, ridiculing the other team.
Exactly. So what can I do for a young man?
I have two for the topic.
Let's hear it.
One is Hellboy related only as a segue from the earlier one.
Okay.
Notice that they change locations of their secret spot from from Newark in the first one to Trenton
Yes, yeah, you think that was on purpose. Where's the next one gonna be Camden? I?
Think so
You know what I did notice that I was a little I was a little taken aback by it
I don't know what led to that with the first one didn't blow up
Right.
Right.
It was the same exact establishing shot.
Yeah.
Is that a, was that a, a, a gaff, a blooper, a blunder?
I don't know.
Or did they just forget?
Yeah.
We're going to get Kermit Shafer on the job, right?
What's the next one?
I think maybe his heart wasn't in it after Pan the Labyrinth, he got all, you know.
Yeah.
Interested in that.
But I don't know if that counts as a little thing.
I'm going to count it.
Okay.
My second one is, well, the fact that today was the first day that I finally posted my
fan fiction and it corresponded with the data that the FOT Chan thing was publicized.
So I feel like I got gypped everybody, you know, was looking at that instead of the fan
fiction.
your fan fiction all right oh wow nervous do I know it not counting that
second one kind of the first one all right that's good so why fm you you're
on the air hey Tom I have something for the topic what what's your name this
Christopher from Kansas City all right what's going on Christopher not too
much my my thing that annoys me it's the you know when you you go to see movies
And they show the the slide shows before the trailers actually start
Mm-hmm. Yeah, and there's only like five slides and they just repeat them over and over
It's always like for a local business one of them
Yeah, or there's like stupid quotes from movies that nobody ever remembers when they mix in tanning salon
Yeah, or they'll you know, they'll like I went to see a movie and they kept showing a quote from Tom Hanks from the money pit
that's a memorable quote yes memorable not even a memorable movie yeah money
pit so yeah that's my little thing what's the way what's going on with this new
Star Wars movie did you see the way that looks yeah yeah yeah yeah I yeah I mean
if they're gonna go back and kind of rape that that whole enterprise they
It could at least, you know, make it look good.
It's like the worst animation I've ever seen in my life.
Yeah, it makes anime almost look like impressive by comparison.
I'm supposed to thrill to that?
Apparently.
I mean, there are people out there, I guess, who have money to give.
So George Lucas, I guess, is an inverse to taking it from them.
Good one.
Good one.
Thanks, buddy.
Have a good night, Tom.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi, Tom.
Hi who's this?
This is Erica from Baltimore.
Power caller.
Power caller Erica from Baltimore.
How are you doing?
All right, how are you?
Not good.
I don't like the show tonight.
I don't like it.
I don't like the studio.
I don't like the show.
I don't like the, uh, the, uh, I don't like what's happened to the, uh, to the website.
I might just shut the website down.
Uh, oh, don't shut the whole thing down.
It's still good.
I agree though, this show, this is the show, it's about this show, it's about these three
you save it for these three hours people doing their own show over there
look people want to go and they want to post 500 times a day
more power to them that's fine just don't let it get in the way of this
and it got in the way of this it got in the way
Yeah, I agree. I agree. I gotta get something else going on. I'm serious. I gotta get something else going on
Hey, if I even if I had a little bit of juice, I'd get something else going
Marvel comics. I got no I got nothing no juice
33 the third laughing in my face
Marvel comics
That's a flat liner
You'll have juice
I got nothing
Mike's got more juice than I I do. I
I like Mike but that's not true. I do too. Mike said there was a fancy tattoo showing everybody the
calzone he got tattooed on his arm. Not disco fries? It draws me nothing. I didn't see his other arm.
For all I know there are disco fries on the other arm. I don't want to know. I don't know this guy's up
to be a tough tattoo it's probably getting tattoos over the flamingo the
diner across the street all right I gotta get out of it I gotta end this I gotta
thank thank goodness the H man's coming in to start taking the reins of this
this sinking ship well I don't want you to go anywhere but I am looking for it
here in the H man you guys are gonna love him he's he's the new I don't think it
I'm putting him down putting it down in pencil. He is the the new replacement in in pencil. It's being written down
And I'm telling you if he were if he responds positively next week. I'm never coming back. It's his
It's his next week this time next week. I could very well be handing him the obba box and
Tell him it's all your son
You can't never come back. No, I mean you can but don't
I might have to go, you know, I might have to go on a journey for juice.
Maybe that's what my book's got to be about.
It's me walking the planet looking for juice, like Kung Fu, but I'm looking for juice.
What do you think about that, Mike?
Would you read that book?
One man's quest for juice, and it's me walking the globe.
Even Mike won't read it. Mike just said no way. What if it were like juice in quotations?
Mike wants to know Stevie blue is gonna do the forward for the book
I think he's only up to R right now. That's the problem
Doesn't have all 26 down
Sorry Erica. What are you saying?
Nothing. No, go ahead. Go ahead. Say it
Well, I think you've got the juice. So well, it's sweetie. You say I know I don't
in a perfect world I'd be riding a comic book right now not perfect world I'd be
riding a 33 and a third book not you should see you should see the the
people writing these 33 and a third books you should see the people Andy
Millinocus is writing one
he's a busy guy he's writing you know he's writing it up for a Liam Lynch album
are you serious that's the worst part yes he's writing one for a Liam Lynch
album
makes me ill
thanks to full on Ollie times yes
what do you got for the topic Erica what do you got to let me I got a small thing
I got a small thing a lady that I a woman that I work with home pretty friendly
with every time I send her an email she
rushes from her office downstairs to basically answer the email like no
matter what it is and
she's being friendly with every single time I send the email
so she's like to socialize but
so she's concerned with doing a personal
face-to-face reply to your your email
every single one now and it's like frequent little questions and and that
kind of thing and like I just
and I get up all the time when we talk and you know but
every time
i don't like it
that's where it's rude it's rude at a point
now i don't know the party it's like
we're talking on email right now
because
it does does not need to be a face-to-face meeting
well uh... and if you if you cross over that sometimes you know it's fine
but if it's every single time then it's just it's not going to be on the phone
sending her an email
you know if it's like exactly your multitasking
and if it's like oh hey uh... you're passing by the person in the hallway
going over the the the vending machine because you want to get uh...
some uh... nilla cake stirs or something
you go and pass that's like oh hey i didn't reply that email uh... yes that
would be great uh... the uh... the uh...
uh... frothing ham account uh...
we should re-open that file
well that i think that would be okay
but that's what i'm saying you pass the person the hallway doesn't have to be
like uh you just write the email and you're on the phone all since like right right exactly
hey just got your email just wanted to let you know uh yeah that sounds like a good idea
like hyperactive i don't get it sick sick and lonely sick and lonely yeah thank you Erica
good night you have a good night okay fm you you're on the air hey doc how's it going
Well, I think you'll get some juice coming up.
I got nothing.
I got nothing.
Well, I'll be here for the H-man next week.
I'll go.
I'll see.
He'll bring in some juice for you.
I think I see juice in your future.
So you think I'm going to be a vampire and drink his juice?
I don't know about that.
I just think that he'll bring some juice for you in a nice way.
I don't think you're going to be stealing it.
Should I literally make him bring me apple juice next week?
I mean, for the privilege of being in the studio on the mic, definitely.
You want to know what?
Good on you.
This is it.
You're listening, H-Man.
Bring me an apple juice next week.
Alright, so I have one for the topic if you want it.
Let's hear it.
And what do you want, Mike?
Drink-wise.
Two apple juice juice.
Two apple juice.
This is what you bring, H-Man.
bring two apple juices next week one for me
one for mike
don't bring mike and apple juice
just me
don't worry about my example juice
what do you got for the topic
it's uh... it's actually convenient that you guys are talking about the
is that apple to figure in on my little thing
uh... i go to the grocery store to like you know
during my break to get a snack
and uh... and i try to get one apple it's not even a big apple
and it was a dollar fifty
yeah but i can get like
seventeen varieties of
and then and
for like seventy five cents
and uh... but the grocery store treats me like i'm a nurse the krat
because i want an apple rather than a
then uh...
chocolate candy
they're saying because you're trying to eat a healthy fruit
snap i mean i'm not you're getting punished
exactly
did you be better off having you be better off being a slob
well but it needs the summertime they grow on trees at this point you would
think that
you know it wouldn't be more than something that would be manufactured
to say that the world is changing young man
the world is changing
do you want me to say it pretty soon uh... pretty soon ten years from now
those m and m's
are going to be considered the health food
really yeah with the way the world's changing maybe you should get the M&M
juice or maybe not maybe I'll stick with apple juice look it's coming out of
H man's pocket I don't care that's a good point say it all right do you want
me to say yeah I'm a little thing thank you FM you're on the air hey Tom how are
I'm doing okay. Who's this? It's Mike from Hamilton. What's up, Mike? Not much, man. Just
Sitting in my room drinking a beer.
Wait, is this who I think it is? No, it's not. Sorry. It's not. Not at all.
This is not the shopping for a coffin guy? It is not.
I go shopping for a coffin. Maybe I got to be the one shopping.
You don't. You don't.
I think it's time.
Uh, no Tom, it's not, it's not.
This guy H-Man comes in here next week and he even does a half-good job.
I'm handing him the- I'm handing him the keys.
Oh boy.
Never hearing me again.
It worries me.
Oh, you're gonna like him. You're gonna like H-Man.
Cool.
Not as good as you, but, you know, we'll see.
It's hungry, though. He's hungry. Not hungry anymore.
are you full I think I lost the fight I lost it I was it was it was beaten out
of me I can't get back up again that's what comes down to so many times you
get back up did you even fall though I didn't think you fell oh yeah thought
can't knock me down. Yeah. Fair enough. So I have a couple
of little things for you. Yes. One of them is fairly little, but you
know, it just really gets to me every time. It's just when
people don't signal at all when they're changing lanes. And
then even when they don't signal, they just move really,
really slowly over, you know, like they just on the road. I do
not like that either. I know Jimmy, where it's just like, what
What are you giving me the, you think you own the road?
Yeah, you do what you want.
You think you're alone out here?
Not a desert road.
Especially in rush hour or something less busy, you know?
Well, what is this?
Fear and loathing?
You're driving on the outskirts of Bristol?
Yeah, the other thing is kind of relating to roads
and singling too.
It's when people would just come in front of you
you're walking you know on the street or whatever and they just completely
walk totally slow
just totally <E.D.> up your get you know you got a nice
strut on and then it's just completely halted
because uh... because uh... you get stuck in front of uh... you're the turtle
exactly stuck behind the turtle the turtle yeah i i don't like that either
You know what, speaking of fear and loathing, I mentioned the thing.
I saw that movie Gonzo, like the documentary about Hunter S. Thompson.
Right, yeah.
This is it.
Look.
It's all well and good.
It was an okay movie, kind of knew the stuff about it.
I enjoy his writing, just fine.
Oh, for sure.
But you don't get to me about these things like, oh, this guy was a patriot.
Yeah, oh he was a patriot, you know like oh Larry flint. He's a patriot
Patriot see me in anyone
How come he's a patriot just cuz he's doing taking things right up to the line and not getting or right to where he could get arrested
But not getting a rest. Yeah guys shooting guns off in his backyard
It ran for sheriff's often his cabin patriot, you know if he was a paid everyone's a patriot
Patriot. That's not a Patriot. Oh, he was a Patriot.
Yeah. Oh, look at Mel Gibson. You think he's a Patriot?
Well, he was the Patriot in that movie.
But it's like, oh, Larry Flint. He's a great American. He's a Patriot.
Well, Larry Flint, if he could turn a buck, you know,
if he could turn a buck, you know, you know,
invalidating the Constitution he would
Guy I just have for some cash. Yeah, here's a patriot that pornographer. What a great patriot
What a great man of the people
So true patriot
And I'm saying I like I like hunter-toms. I don't I don't like I don't like Larry flint
Yeah, no hunters got some good stuff
But yeah, that guy always a patriot, as if like the rest of us slobs are somehow not doing our American duty, like we're less American than a guy who goes around drawing a paycheck from Rolling Stone.
Yeah, we're enough second rate citizens there.
Thank you, young man. Thank you.
Thank you, Tom.
FMU, you're on the air. Hi, Tom. How you doing? I'm doing all right. Who's this? It's Andrew in Philadelphia.
Andrew in Philadelphia. What's up, buddy? I got some quick for the topic. This guy's working hard, Andrew, from Philadelphia.
This guy started off slow on the show, if I remember correctly. Yeah. He's working. He's working at it. Good for you, Andrew.
thank you for you
what do you got for me
uh... this usually happens in like a work place setting but i guess it may be
also happen in the cafeteria
i guess it worked in your eating
uh... food and some like loud mouth comes over and like oh wait what you got
over there like
you kind of have to
explain your lunch to somebody and like
always difficult to read something different you know the people don't
normally eat like
your bean curd uh... story from earlier tonight
I hate that.
So you hate to say it again, I miss the part of it.
Someone inquires about your food while you're trying to eat in peace.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
OK.
You know, then other people start turning around,
and then it's like, you almost think
you're having to defend your laundry.
I hear you.
Yes.
Yes.
Yeah, I'm with you on that one, buddy.
Oh, being good, what's that?
Yeah, I got to talk.
Yeah, well, watch me eat it.
Yeah.
Thank you, Andrew.
You got it, Tom.
Have a good night.
You, too.
FM you you're on the air. Hey Tom. What's up? What's that? I said what's up there
boss man? All right. The thing is that that's really FM you're on the air. Hey Mike yeah
hey it's Mike. What's up? Is this Tom? Who's Mike? Oh this is Tom. I thought Mike was
screening and now I'm on delay and everything's all mixed up. What do you want to talk about?
Will we put you through the tom?
All right.
Hold on.
Yeah, if I'm you, you're on the air.
Hi Tom, it's Steve in North Hollywood.
How are you?
Hey Steve, how are you?
I'm doing pretty well.
I have one for the topic.
Mike, I told you not to let this guy throw.
What are you doing to me?
Sorry.
Hello?
Yeah, hey.
How are you?
Mike just jumped on for a second.
Oh, okay.
I have one for the topic.
Let's hear it Steve. Well this guy's been full rehab mode Steve. All right. I'm in rehab mode. Here we go. New regime 2008. I love it
I know you come to LA a lot, so you might have experienced this when you're driving and somebody sort of
Goes and they turn into like that middle suicide lane as they call it like they want to get in front of you
Yeah, you stop and you give them a good 300 yards of clearance to get in front of you
and they just come to a complete stop and wait for every car behind you to go
past before they change lane you're holding up traffic and I it's the
little things you want to know what Steve you're you're you're working your
way back you're working your way back thank you Tom good call thanks I'm
getting off your phone but that moves on to guy knows him and that kid from
drill bit Taylor sitting around writing uh... call ideas
fm you're on the air
iris daniel
hi daniel where you're calling from
jersey city
how are you tonight in jersey city
good thank you how are you
doing uh...
will move on with what's up
well i have one for the topic use
uh...
basically it's about pedestrians
crossing the street in front of my car
i think it's i think it's not only a phenomenon in jersey city it's
kind of pervasive and all the other cities i've lived in
you mean pedestrians who think they can walk anywhere
exactly with like no they don't see the crosswalk
they don't see the light on them they can't walk and they want to play chicken
with me in my car
with no with no consideration for how hard it is to operate a
a uh... a motor vehicle
i don't know if they've ever driven a car before in their lives or maybe they
I just want to commit suicide, I'm not sure.
But that's a little thing that bothers me.
Say it, those little things.
Thanks, buddy.
201, 536, 9368.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi, this is Ben from Warren County.
How are you tonight, Ben?
I'm just fine.
What do you got, Jeremy?
I got one for the topic.
let's hear it
uh... i hate it when
uh... you're having a normal conversation with a group of people and
someone decides to
interrupt the normal flow of conversation
quoting their favorite stand-up comedy
like a like a like a uh... give me an example
like let's say you're having a conversation about uh... salad or something
and then
someone just out of the blue quote their favorite
day and cook
salad act
What are you doing eating with people who will quote named Cook?
Um, not by choice.
Wasn't my choice.
I hear you though.
I hear you.
I hear you.
Thanks, buddy.
I have no idea what he's talking about.
Oh, is this show over yet?
So this is what the final half hour of my show is going to be like, huh?
This is how we go out.
me
juiceless
leaving uh... out like uh... out like a lamb
in like a lion out like a lamb
enough with this topic
i'll burn through these two calls and enough with these the this topic
fm you you're on the air
yeah i got uh...
one for the topic
what's your name
ryan from jersey c alright ryan go ahead
it's not uh... it's a little thing it's not a little thing that bothers me
because that that wonder about
is uh...
how come i know fm u's been in
jersey city for a number of years now how come in the station i do you guys
all still say uh...
east orange
sorry i wish i knew
fm u you're on the air
hey tom it's monica how are you i'm doing all right how are you
Good topic tonight. Oh, thanks. Cuz the little things do mean a lot. This is my final show
It is yeah, I'm the next I heard you spouting off about that, but I didn't really understand what you were
What's happening? I'm training a replacement. Who's gonna tell you who's gonna?
I'm gonna bring him in next week and hopefully if he if he gets the hang of it
I'm handing the reins over to him full-time
Who is this? It's a young man who calls himself the H man and he
he's a an up-and-comer is he ready to run the gauntlet through the WFMU house of
Blase we'll see we'll see you want to know what though because you know how
kind and and welcoming we are as a staff you know so you want to know what
though well he'll he'll he'll sell right above it all he'll sell right about you
like uh... it's like being there
all right guys like being there
head up above the clouds yes
okay
well i'm out to name and listen to him is this guy a protege of yours
yes i've been uh... cult of a i picked him
it first he was an enemy
when he entered when he entered because i look at it he was in the radio field
and he was uh...
profession i mean like
commercial radio or college radio with college he's on college he's on
college he vetted
It's on college radio. I heard his show, someone was talking up his show, so I listened
and then we eventually started talking and then I got to know him and now I've just decided
I'm going to put him on the big stage, give him a chance, and now the night show is going
so poorly, I think I'm just going to give him the show.
Well, I beg to differ with your opinion of this evening's show. I think the topic is
is an excellent topic, but I do applaud your impulse to bring up the young ones.
Thank you.
Each one, teach one.
That's exactly it.
But I do have a little thing, I'd like to get off my formidable chest if you don't mind.
Let's hear it.
All right, it relates to a call or a few callers back and it has to do with credit cards.
You go to Macy's to buy say something as simple as a t-shirt or a pair of shorts, you're waiting
in line, you're waiting in line, the line is long and finally you see the light at the
end of the tunnel and there's only two more customers ahead of you and you see the check
out clerk offering the customer ahead of you, well you know if you open up a Macy's
account today. That's the worst. You're going to get 15% off and plus star
rewards and then oh well that sounds pretty good. Well all I need to see is
your driver's license. Just fill out this form right here. And then meanwhile
you're stuck now waiting for this thing to get processed as they're
turning in their driver's license and getting it scanned. Oh and it's not just
said it's the whole form that they have to fill out and the whole ship bang and
you're like
you know
i just wanted to get the t-shirt
because it wasn't always like that
it wasn't always like that at the store
when you go you'd go to the uh... you know people get those those
credit cards for the thing but they had to go to like some other counter and
get that's right
that's right could be used to go to a place called
customer
service exactly
And on a related note, when it comes to infuriating behavior
at the checkout line where credit cards are concerned,
once in a blue moon, I go to my local Jamba Juice
to get my 16 ounce berry-fulfilling.
Yes.
And some nincompoop right ahead of me
decides that he's going to use his credit card
to pay for a four or five dollar purchase
i think you know i think it is i think
is the line
and ten is the line two ten dollars you're buying two items yet single digits
just hand the money over
that's exactly right ten
you're entitled to pull the credit card out for ten or but if you also in your
called the binding you don't have
you should say it out loud say i'm sorry i only have i don't have any cash on
me
can i use a credit card you just don't act like
yeah as my card
exactly
exactly
and here's another one since we're on a review you know related mhm
kissing cousin of all this michigan yes is when
you get
up to the line and you're ready to place your order
a unit rate of pay with your credit card they say
what's your phone number
That's insane. I watch your phone number, and I always say why do you want my phone number? No
You can't have my phone number. Well, what's your area code? I mean now what's your zip code? What's your zip code?
Yeah, it doesn't really matter. Yeah, do your own research somewhere else
You're getting strange emails and you're on mailing lists and the whole nine yards, and that's my beef
Monica
top-notch top-notch call
Thank you. Thank you. I'll look out for what is his name H man H man look out
H man, but I'll look for you coming back right after that. I don't want to hear any nonsense about you
Ducking out of here. He's gonna change the face of this station
Well, you know what that's you know that is radio is always it's a mutating entity, isn't it?
It's always good when you bring new characters through.
Yes, we will see if WFMU can handle this mutation.
Well, you know what?
I think it's great for everyone to be tested.
Yes.
Staff and listeners alike, so congratulations on making that effort.
And it's the last thing.
Thank you, Mark.
Thank you, Donna.
Have a good night.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, how's it going?
Hey, how's it going?
It's going all right.
Who's this?
This is Ben.
From?
It's a ninth Ben to call tonight?
Then what?
It's like a Ben convention tonight.
Hey, I didn't realize.
I'm calling from New Hampshire.
How does that name work for you, Ben?
You like it?
Well, sure.
Fair enough.
What's the upside of having the name Ben?
Upside?
I don't know.
I never really thought about it.
Any downsides?
Yeah, I'm sure there's some.
Well, like from your experience.
So give me an example.
I don't know, I guess it lends itself to some nicknames that...
Like what? Ben Franklin?
His name wasn't Ben, he hung up.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey Tom, it's Evan from Unclear.
How are you, Evan?
Good yourself.
Not good.
Good, good.
I was wondering, um...
What?
Something for the topic.
Get off my... you hear that?
I'm like, not good.
He goes, good, good.
not even listening, it's a problem, people hearing without listening, I'm going to get
out of here, show's over, show's over, from now on 201, 536, 936, I want people, I give
Why I should not quit tonight.
People fighting on my own message board.
My own message board comes out of my pocket to keep that stupid thing online.
my weekend. Fighting, fighting. FMU you're on the air.
Hi, Tom. This is Eric from Amherst. Eric from Manhurst.
Amherst Amherst. What can I do for you? Go ahead.
Well, I just wanted to talk about the whole new H man thing.
Yes.
It reminds me very much that I can drop parallels right now to the current Brett Farve, Aaron
Rogers situation out in Green Bay, where he wanted to retire, but now he lost his drive
and this new protege, Aaron Rogers, comes in and now there's this whole fiasco out in Green Bay
because Brett Farve has that fire to return back in.
No, I don't want it though. I'm done. I'll be like, I will do what Brett Farve did not do.
well when i walk out of here
i'm gone
i don't know if it is one of those in the heat of the moment and then suddenly
there's not a month down the road you get that
you have that little sensation where you want it back and it's my problem
and then it's my problem
all right along with each man has a thing
of age and has a thing i'll all respectfully put on
put a request that wfm you put me on overnights or something
well good luck i'll take my lunch i'll take my lumps
i'll take a good night thank you
i want to be convinced why i should ever come back here again
fm you you're on the air
hi tom it's not you from greenpoint
how are you Matthew
i'll do it well how are you
doing uh... not well what can i do for you
well i don't think you're running out of use
got nothing
can't get nothing going
the books come out i bought this book at the airport
i am well you know it's running a book
running a book it's is not a big deal i mean if we're starting
wrote a book i mean it it's yeah
mean a whole lot
i got this book called how to get rich
by phyllics denis he's the mastermind behind uh...
maxim magazine
he's got a book out now
how to get rich one of the world's greatest entrepreneurs shares his
secrets
And this guy on the cover, he's sitting on some dumb chair that probably costs $8 billion
with two pieces of junk next to him, like two like weird gargoyle things.
Preface, can this book really make me rich?
Why would a rich person waste time writing a book to help other people get rich?
Two reasons.
Because I enjoy writing about something I feel I know about.
and because i believe that almost anyone of reasonable intelligence can become
rich
given sufficient motivation and application
it also helps that i'm writing while sipping a very fine wine indeed
a chateau deu yachem
nineteen eighty six if you really want to know
nibbling on fresh smoked
conch
tidbits
conch tidbits
ensconced by a window with one of the most beautiful views on earth
Across the valley far, far below me, the palm trees fringe, the fishing boats and the yachts
nod in the harbor.
Beyond the bay to the west, a turquoise sea ripples out to a purple and pink horizon,
heralding another glorious sunset.
In the worlds of a Victorian poet, how pleasant it is to have money, hi-ho!
How pleasant it is to have money!
I am in Mustique, a tiny island in the windward islands of the Caribbean.
More specifically in my writer's cottage, a new study come library, some distance from
the main house built solely for one purpose, to permit me to write whatever I damn please
in peace and quiet, which is usually poetry by the way.
This book, this guy's got a book out, this might, I'm telling you, we're not even, we're
in the preface right now. It's still those weird letter numbers. We're not even in the
normal numbers yet. Can you imagine how arrogant this thing is going to get when we get to
the normal numbers? I can only imagine. Unbelievable. I can't wait to read. This guy
already takes the cake. I've read Donald Trump books as a as a goof. Like I read this book
called How to be a Billionaire, which was the most insane thing I've ever read. This guy
has already beaten donald trump and he's not even in the real numbers yet
well that's the company you would be in if you wrote a book
so you're saying i shouldn't write a book you're you're you're you're trying to
uh... the disabuse me of this uh... this uh... dream
well i'm just saying if you if you uh...
if it means that much to you i mean uh... i don't i don't think you should aspire
to be
the writer of the editor of maximum magazine
uh... status
you're not making me feel any better
i'm sorry i think the topic
fm you you're on the air
hello again tom yes who's this
this is even north hollywood and i'd i'd like to
try to convince you to stay with us on the air for steve
your song
steve i'm going to tell you right now
the idea of you singing me a song
is going to knock you straight back into the stone age
uh... boy with your uh... your your your your comeback
even if it was
a cover
mash-up of queens
flash Gordon theme look if you want to try it
you're going to go all the way back to be you win uh... the drill bit teller
hanging out again
that
nate
i mean we still hang out but
i i i i do want to keep my standing good what's he doing now by the way the
kid from drill bit teller
uh... he finished up some top secret movie that he shot in iowa for like
a month and a half
top secret movie
yeah he he cannot tell me what it is i'm like i'm i'm one of your best friend
tell me what it is
he can talk
all i know if there are pictures of him wearing a red football jersey
circulating hop secret movie
It's insane.
There's no such thing as a top secret.
If there's a top secret movie, you say, hey, I'm doing the new Spielberg thing.
I can't tell you anything about it.
He won't even tell you who he's working on it with.
Did you IMDB it?
I did.
All it said is, I drew a bit Taylor with the last thing, and then it's got a couple
more of his upcoming TV things listed on there.
You know what?
This kid wasn't in any movie.
does he listen to the show still or he's done
he does not like the show
well i've been trying to get him to you know he's sixteen he's running around
with his
bodies after high school chasing girls and all that stuff so you know he's
rambunct us right now
he's no interest in the show
he he doesn't realize that he should have it yet well but no look you're being
polite by saying that he has no interest in the show
you know what good i don't want
well i don't want the little creep from uh... drill bit teller listening to the
show
I'm still going to turn him around for you, even if you don't want him, but I'm going to tell him never to fall in.
He's not in any top-secret movie.
Maybe.
He probably went to go visit his grandma.
That's a possibility.
I'll tell Steve I did a movie while I'm out here.
Chasing girls.
Yeah, hey, did anyone see a drill bit tailor?
I'm kind of the middle dork.
Anybody, yeah.
Drill batteller made $11 million, it's opening weekend.
Anyone?
Oh man, now I can't ever let him listen to the show.
You know, look, I'm not knocking the kid for working on the thing, but he came on here
acting like he was like I had a Russell Crowe on the show, all of a sudden.
I know what you mean, he was trying to do the Nate show, and he didn't realize it was
the best show.
Steve, you know what I'm going to say to you, thank you for this call, but I don't want
to hear your song.
It's only going to do damage.
Fair enough. Thanks. FMU, you're on the air. Hi, Tom. This is Jack from Costa Mesa. Hey,
Jack. How are you tonight? I'm doing good. You're going to convince me why I should
continue to do this show ever again. You bet. Tell me the truth. I'm really nervous about
this age man guy. You should be. I should be. He's the future. Oh God. Well, I had surgery
last week and my prescription is like it in and Tom Sharpling so so you're
saying the show helps you definitely I have the podcast in my iPod and I
listen to it every day well I'm glad I'm glad I can help you but you know all
the good shows went off there I want this show to go off the air when it's
still fresh you know what I mean yeah like the way your head yeah like the way
happy days did you know what I mean yeah happy days got out while it was still
hot right you know what I mean you could really like another you know five
years I'll be happy but like gun smoke got out before they wore out their
welcome right you know what I mean yeah shows like that yeah yeah shows it
didn't didn't hang around too long right right yeah I guess like the secret
diary of Desmond Pfeiffer shows like that
get out before you burn the before you burn people out thanks for the call
fm you you're on the air
uh...
yeah
this is day from queens new york
and uh...
in nineteen sixty six my parents threw me into a military school
yeah
i was one of about a dozen jewish kids in a mixed bag of a hundred and seventy
five yet
what instrument do you play in the senate it was it was one of the most
off my phone
but the drummer from the cynics
fm you're on the air
right on my
call from uh... Brooklyn
how you don't call
doing pretty good
i uh...
wanted to convince you to stay on the show because i'm a new listener
And actually, I had a little tidbit of information.
Maybe you can be apathetic about this.
Recently, I saw a cute little furry kitten
in my hallway in my apartment in Brooklyn.
And sitting down to Pettit, as it was very friendly,
I started petting and it was purring
and quickly jumped into my lap and proceeded to bite me.
And so now I have two gouges in my arm.
And the next morning when I woke up,
it was about the size of a nice size tennis ball.
So I was taken to the emergency room,
where I waited till about two o'clock in the afternoon
to find out that I have to find out
if I have rabies or not.
No.
So, you know, the best thing about this was that they were
like, you know, you can find the cat and quarantine it.
take it to a vet, take a quick test,
find out if you have to get rabies or not.
And came home, can't find a cat anywhere.
So, finally found the cat,
but I still have to wait and find out if I have rabies or not.
I hope you don't, I seriously, I hope you're okay, buddy.
Oh, I do too.
You hang out.
And you too, as well.
That convinced me I gotta leave the planet now.
Gotta get out of here.
Are there any rockets leaving?
isn't it isn't that guy from uh is isn't there a rocket isn't one of the guys
from wings going on the space shuttle or something Lawrence Juber FM you you're
on the air hi Thomas happy from Green Point again I just want to say I'm really
not looking forward to you uh your protege I've met several people out here
in Green Point who I just walked up to them and knew that there were FOTs and
just immediately started talking to them and just started talking about various
people from Newbridge and you have a large fan base out here and we're gonna
we're gonna miss you. You are gonna miss me but you're gonna love the H-man.
You're gonna love them. Thanks buddy. FM you you're on the air. Yeah.
Hey man this is a this is Matt from Montclair what's the zip in Montclair
buddy yeah I'm I'm just cold what's a zip in Montclair oh sorry what did you
say so what's your zip code oh oh 7 0 4 3 fair enough that's a upper
upper Montclair go ahead go ahead what do you what do you got for me I'm saying
man you sound depressed I just I don't like hearing you hearing you depressed
I'm done. I'm done with the show. I got no need to keep doing it.
What about all the multitudes of people that love you and your show?
You know what? They've got enough. There's enough on the archives.
No, you got a lot of weirdos listening to your show, man. I understand that.
But there's a lot of normal people, too, that love it and appreciate it.
well there's enough on the archives they get they can uh...
keep it what it was what was this is the sixty minutes i'm supposed to do the
show forever
well ok then then who's doing it after you each man i'm handing it over to a
guy named the h-man next week
all men and
that the h-man
it's going to place you the h-man yep
you got it
tom sharpling becomes the h-man i don't think i'm the h-man
So he'll show no one will listen to.
I'll be free though.
I'll be free.
At last I'll be free.
Oh my god.
You're making me sad man.
You know what?
You should be sad because I'm sad.
You know what?
I've had enough.
Of course this.
I've got no juice.
There's no juice.
I've got no juice anymore.
Well I mean your show has no premise.
Of course there's no juice.
You create the juice.
It's you.
How dare you?
The show is you, man.
Yeah, and I got no juice.
I got nothing left in the tank.
You people took it from me.
There wasn't me, man.
What do you mean, you people?
You.
Oh, oh, just because I'm black.
You got to say you people.
You're a big, big, big, big, big shot in upper Montclair.
Good, nice, nice move, you racist.
Get off my phone.
fm you you're on the air
i thought uh... it's to you
from long island and i have a good reason why shouldn't
let's hear real fast what is it uh... because
what you do is real specific like like uh... how chevy chase he thought he could
do
a talk show a late night talk uh-huh uh-huh
it's a prototype
he's untested so you're saying i've got you're saying i'm chevy chase
and i can't do other things
how dare you i'm out of here now
you get right next week
h-man's gonna be here
i'm done
i'm going to show how to work the board and i'm leaving i'm never coming back
evan davis is coming up next evan funk davis
he's got an exciting show plan for you tonight tonight he's going to uh...
he's got his ventriloquist dummy with them uh...
what's the name of your dummy there little steven and he's uh...
it's not the same little steve although he is wearing a babushka also
so it's weird
but he's your guys dress half as miami steve
half as little steven so he's wearing the the the suit
and the babushka
so it's a weird hybrid of the little steven and they're going to host the
show together
and uh...
enjoy everybody
this was the best shown w f m u get ready for next week i handed over to my
protege a d h man
and uh... was nice knowing you all
have fun