What's your name?
Bering.
And what's inside the two?
Fire.
Fire.
the two.
Firecrush.
Maurice Kurtz.
Horrify.
Hey, Thomas Bruce.
How are you?
Who's this?
Genji Vitis.
Genji Vitis.
Yes, they have ranked below.
He has a wall.
I get a tooth one.
I hate you.
It's Peter.
Hey, it's Steinberg.
Do all creepy and I'm hanging upon you.
Boing.
Roger Depp.
My name is Ollie Fairnock.
I'll say it.
You'll hear it.
You'll do it.
I'll get it.
You'll learn it.
I'll live with it.
And you'll die without it.
Smash your trash.
Good day.
What's up, Tom?
It's Justin.
Hey, it's Michelle.
Yeah, Tom.
This is Jim Riffle.
How you doing?
When I get to do the toilet talk now.
It's the Bardville of the New Century.
My name is Tom Riley.
I'm calling from New Zealand.
Hey, man.
It's Brian.
Ten points now.
That's a ten-pole.
It's a ten-pole show.
Hey, this is Tedlia.
Whaaat?
This is Pete from the Future.
Hi, Tom.
It's DJ Terry Chase.
Hey, from Knoxville.
Supercaller.
It's Officer Tom.
My name is Mike Zajak.
Get off my phone.
phone I don't care and this is it be pants man I'm going to go to bed now
five minutes home of course how are you I was in a band and then in the early
90s my name is Jerry Page I'm pointing at this Jeffrey Ludell it's a fat
disease wilder right now the disenfranchised have a home now I'm the
hero of the disenfranchised
I've been through the streets of New Breeze
Got you down, got you in love
To know that you choose the name
It ain't a clock, it's a time to heal the past
Let's go, let's go, you have
Let's go, let's go, you have
I love you
I have seen
I've seen it on your face
Tells me more than anyone that could face
So now we go separate ways
Never again we do
Never again, nothing I can do
Like an image present by my love
My life in the mirror
Your eyes, my love, my life
I can see it all so clearly
Answer me so seriously
Was it a dream, a life, like reflections of your mind?
My love, my life, are the words you tried to find
My love, my life, but I know I don't possess you
So go away, what bless you?
You are still my love in my life
Still my one and only
I watched you work away
Tell me, is it really so hard to say
All this has been my longest day
Sitting here close to you
Knowing that maybe tonight we're through
Like an image present by my love, my life in the mirror, your eyes, not my life, I can see on some trees and some leaves and some leaves, see, see
Was it a dream, a lie? Like reflections from your mind, my love, my life, all the words you tried to burn, my love and life
But I know I don't possess you So come away, God bless you
You are still my love pain, my life
Yes, I know I don't possess you
So go away, but bless you
You are still my love pain, my life
Still my one and only
The way I don't seem like me
I'm not on top like I used to be
Like you've been when I know I should be strong
I still give in, even though I know it's strong
I know it's strong, I guess I'm dumb
But I don't care
And breaking off wasn't hard to do
But I couldn't stay away from you
I feel loved but not the way I do this for
Yes, I'm done
Yes, I'm girl
Gotta be forevermore
Evermore
I guess I'm done
Well, I don't care
And baby, since when you've been a part Yes, I don't
Break me, I've found I had a part I couldn't let go even if I wanted to
And you must know, baby, now it's only you
Only you
I guess I'm dumb
But I don't care
Guess I'm dumb
Guess I'm dumb
Yes, I love you
Yes, I love you
I love you
Yes, I love you
Yes, I love you
It didn't hurt me, you must admit you have to fit
You know I want it alone, you need me to take
I remember it still, you need me to take
You bring us those theory ways, oh
This is all our girls who just couldn't see
And I've only seen the theory
She'll walk around, this one's all our girls and they know who they are
That's all I want to do
Then I don't know
Now I only call
From all the details of the scene at all
But I had to go
And learned all the games
We got all the names
You must admit you are the fit
You know I wasn't alone
It takes to this time, cause I will never instill
It takes to this time, cause I bring a soul to be real
This is for the girls, I couldn't understand
But it's like they're trying to feel your name
This is for the girls, and they know who they are
It's so long ago
That I don't know
I don't know
I've never even known me at all
Who was driving me?
Was wrong
I just don't remember
All the things that were said
What would I want in my head?
But it's easy to see it
That I use you
And you use me
This is for the girls who think I got wrong
Who you really hold up for, die for
And this one's for the girls and they know who they are
It's so long ago
Oh yeah
And I know
Oh
And some of them tell you how much you can't touch this
I'm picking a type of phone that you say you're too much to use
So fill a bar, I'll do a name cause I'm not dead
The fire's not hanging when I'm back as your dad
I'd like to drive my home with you so I'll never let go
Who would you do to help me stop?
Now you stay the monomang
HUH! With my method while I win
The map!
Not for breaking them off
Sucking them lying in the bottle book
Keeping your speakers pumping them
Making them make it a man
Came to get a warm
And my pants lit up back
That's my everyday uniform
You little kid, <E.D.> max Daddy, what up, D?
Keep dreaming, cuz I'm back, you and I'll be
So you don't hit the deck, this is real
You can get the finger, through metal
What up, Chris?
I'm about to
What up, Chris?
That's what I was born into
What up, Chris?
I'm about to
What up, Chris?
That's what I was born into
What up, Chris?
I'm about to
What up, Chris?
That's what I was born into
What up, Chris?
I'm about to
What up, Chris?
You know what I'm sayin'?
You know what I'm sayin'?
Cause when I put them off in my hand, I start reppin' it
They call me the D-A-D-O-N-D-Y-M-C
They ain't another brother bad, it's me
When I let go, something from the girl
Why are they learnin' broken, kick your words like you never ever heard?
Daddy, you have some more shootin' a gift like a gun
Showin' suckers how it's done
What up, Chris?
I'm a block, too
What up, Chris?
Cause that's what I was goin' into
What up, Chris?
I'm a block, too
What up, Chris?
Cause that's what I was goin' into
What up, Chris?
I'm a block, too
What up, Chris?
Cause that's what I was born into
I'm about to
I'm about to
Cause that's what I was born into
Yeah
Now y'all know
What's up
In the max all at
Yeah, we gon' keep one more verse beyond
So many times I won't run with you, can't touch this
I'm beginning to type of <E.D.> I'll make you say you too much, Chris
So feel the thought of the one they call them my dad
They're the bars when I pack it when I pack it's real bad
I like to grab a home with your soul and never let go
I'm gonna let go, do the jump, do the huntin' set
Now there's a state of mind, I'm in
<E.D.> with why I'm at the wrong, I'm a win
I'm the wrong part, I'm suckin' to be messin' with
Cause when I put the mind in my hand, I start
Wreckin' it, they call me the AWD, I'm a C
There ain't another full of baddest men
What I let go, somethin' from the channel
Why I'm a little brother, kickin' wilds like I never ever heard
Daddy, I'm the one
Shootin' a kid like a gun, grass cross showin' how it's done
I'm about to, I'm about to
What up Chris?
What up Chris?
What up, Chris?
At that view, you're on the air.
Right, um...
Haven't you done this before?
Played darks on the moon?
Yeah.
No!
Oh, I thought you were running out of ideas or something.
Yeah, yeah, I'm running.
I feel like I could ever do this more than once.
It's a little hackney, don't you think?
People love it.
Isn't it still like my spelling?
Ridiculous members for some cognitive hold on a second. Hold on. What would you rather I do?
Well, you know something that's talk to you. You're interesting. You're so scary fascinating
Are you like twisting something up on the inside there, which we all should be doing, but this it's a little tiring
Dark side of the moon
What dark side of the moon? Hey Floyd
Where'd you listen seventh grade?
What do you want me to put on? What do you want us to play in its entirety?
The new founds of Wayne album?
You know, just big, little deeper?
Like what?
How can't you help me teach me?
Teach me how wise one. Teach me how wise one.
W.F.M.U. is the speaking of wine.
Well, so maybe I should use wine as this radio station ever on the planet.
So what should I play? Some clasmer music?
that's done in the morning
after
what do you want me to play some wacky organ music
marching band music isn't so bad yeah get up and march around the room
yes in which i will play a march in this silly music i hate those it was
tired
i hate you so much
and i hate you so much that i almost like you
it almost loops around
if they work on if it worked on a circular hired sphere
I hired hippie old crappy music.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, at least you're doing the cartoon sleeping thing.
Really?
Kind of.
Yeah, because I like it so much.
It's so clear how much I like dark side of the moon.
By the way, I'm talking over the whole thing.
Good for you.
Stop dead!
That's what happens when you go, when a guy goes beyond, get off my phone.
just drop dead.
Double US b Ares
Double USase
Double USase
You can do this.
You can do this.
Let's go time for the song.
Hey, guess who's here at your front door?
That's right.
Special WFMU, each and every Tuesday night.
My name's Tom Sharpling, the best show on WFMU
brings you three hours of Mirth, Music and Mayhem.
We are here on the 44th floor of the WFMU headquarters.
The phone number 201, 209, 9368.
That's where the action is, that's where it all goes down.
We just heard, by request, Chris Cross, from the album Totally Crossed Now, we heard
warm it up.
And who requested it?
I did.
Classic stuff, classic.
I like those guys.
What are those guys up to these days?
Before that, Todd Rundgren from his something-anything album.
It takes two to tango, side one.
Glenn Campbell before that, guess I'm dumb.
The Bryan Wilson Opus done for Glenn Campbell, part of a two disc.
See the extravaganza called the capital years, 65 to 77.
That's right, it goes all the way from Guess I'm Dumb to Southern Knights.
It's starting us off, Abba, from the arrival album.
My love, my life.
That's right, we're here for three hours.
201, 209, 9368, I already see one line is flashing, I'm here with Mike, my associate
producer, how are you tonight, Mike?
It's doing okay, good, glad to hear.
Am I going to dread this call?
No.
FM you you're on the air hello Tom I thought you said I wasn't going to dread
it how are you tonight Spike I'm doing all right so what what is going on in
Spikeland. Oh, I'm just sitting here playing the Sims 2. The Sims 2. Oh, yes. You like
that stuff? Oh, yes. Someone came and practically played. The only game you play, so it's you.
The Sims now, you have created your own life. Oh, basically. This character. Mm-hmm.
And would you care to divulge the name of your little sims character?
I created several characters over the last two or three years.
All right.
Who was your favorite of the characters you've created?
Oh, I would have to say, well, Rob and Joe Quibbers.
Okay.
Quitney Queers.
What?
Quitney Queers.
All right.
<E.D.> all right. It's a little take on. Oh, yeah. Yeah, I get it. Yeah. Okay. How it's going. Okay.
That's done. Yeah. So I think Mad Magazine is hiring. Not really. Would you work with a spike work for Mad Magazine?
How did that my element all right it's my element have you seen mad recently not
recently now the last issue of mad you picked up it's been years actually well
what was being parodied in it the sting no I think a little later than that shampoo
no try close encounters close encounters maybe try can't stop the music I do
remember that can't stop the music parody they did they really took the
wind out of their sails with can't with the village people movie the parody of
the village people movie yeah that was like one of the last issues I've read
You know what I like in Mad Magazine Roger Coputnik
Okay, do you know who that is?
No, I'm not familiar with you ever see the lighter side of remember that Dave Berg. Oh, yes. Yeah
He's the guy who was always at the doctor's office. Mm-hmm
And then they had the two spies
Spy versus spies, but that had nothing to do with Roger Coputnik. No, I know them just saying and then they all said the little things drawn in the margins
Yes, I remember that. Yes. I am great to do that. You know what? I don't know. Sergio Aragonus, is that his name?
The name means a bell. Yes, that it probably rings a bell because he's the guy who drew them.
We were just talking about them and I actually know his name, so that's why it rings a bell.
a bell it was the thing we were just talking about four seconds earlier
uh-huh
now that
pick with lipstick what what's that all about
yeah i guess it was a yes mere
no pun intended
because it's lipstick
add uh... our future vice-president
uh... i i thought it'd be true he said that i don't think it was geared towards
her
i think it was geared towards uh...
but it's a bill of man there
who uh... uh... old man who
kurt kurt russell
no no no what is named mik bane mik muffin or whatever it may have mik muffin
what's what is that a plan in the background
oh god
off the truck coming to the street
get away
run
don't you legally have to be five hundred feet from that truck
run spike
I'm indoors. Is that your ankle bracelet going off?
I'm indoors. I'm nowhere near the truck. Okay, so legally is somebody witnessing you indoors?
Yes, good good. Okay. Somebody in the dungeon. Good. Oh boy the dungeon your sims characters
They're not real people, you know
Real person. Oh, no, I was witnessed that Howard Stoyne saw me
Do you ever talk to your Sims characters?
Occasionally.
Well, that's kind of not the answer I was hoping to get.
I was hoping to get outrage that I would imply that you talk to them.
I do, on occasion. I have nothing else to do.
And what will you say? Oh, hey, Howard Stoyne.
How are you? And what does he say back?
Now I actually don't answer me back, which is a nice thing about it.
Okay.
And now, when you live through these characters, do you, do you, are they, are they living
exciting lives, the lives that say you wish you could maybe live?
Like are they, are they doing exciting things with, with their, with their lives?
Uh, yeah.
Like what, what does a Howard Stoyne do in your Sims world?
Oh, let's say, you know, they go to clubs, they go to a nice restaurant, you know, they
go on vacation, they go to help, you know, high priced hotels.
Exactly.
The things that you aspire to.
Something like that, yes.
And you have how many Sims characters?
Well, like I said, it may doesn't help the last two.
Yes.
Yes.
But those are the three that stood out.
How's this for a movie?
I do.
Oh, but it's also Grandma Defazio.
Grandma, okay.
Grandma Defazio.
Is that some sort of Laverne and Shirley reference?
Well, I got the Defazio name from Laverne and Shirley.
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
Well, we are on the same wavelength.
This is really troubling.
Oh, how so?
Because it's like a bad action movie where I would have to say the line that you and I
were more alike than you think.
If it was the villain and the hero squaring off.
So how's this for a movie idea?
You fall asleep playing Sims, right?
Uh-huh.
And then, like, uh, you tip over a thing of, uh, uh, of, uh, what kind of soda do you drink?
I very rarely drink soda.
Okay, well, what would you drink?
What does a spike reach for?
What, it's time to quench your, ugh, I don't even like that word, quench your thirst.
I hate, I've hated that phrase my whole life, quench your thirst.
water juice juice what type of juice I need fruit you know orange juice grape
fruit juice okay grape juice let's just stick to grapefruit grapefruit juice
so I milk okay so I'm okay we're gonna stick with grapefruit juice a spike is
at his computer playing with his Sims buddies right mm-hmm then you fall
asleep. The grapefruit, you fall asleep to add your keyboard. The grapefruit juice tips over,
zaps you, and then you're stuck in the Sims world.
With the people you've created, would you see that movie?
Oh, that sounds as deaf as I would. It sounds like an interesting premise.
If you pressed a button and you could enter the world of the Sims, would you press that button?
Yes. You would. Mm-hmm. Forever, though. Not forever, no. Okay. For one year. Not
even that long. Alright, what is the line here? Three months? Maybe a week. Okay,
a solid week hanging out with Howard Stoyne and Grandma Defazio in your
computer world. Mm-hmm. And what would they would they treat you with respect?
Do you have you shown them respect?
Yes.
I'm going to say Spike, I think it's time to shut the computer off.
These are things, these are attainable things.
You're making these people go to restaurants.
You can do that.
Right, we're not high priced restaurants.
Oh, not high priced restaurants.
Alright.
I think you can though.
Mm-hmm.
Now, because I'm going to make you the best show food critic.
what do you think about that okay he sounds skeptical how much would I how
much compensation will I get compensation oh yeah food credits do get
compensated strike this food critic thing Mike's giving me the high sign
saying give him the heave ho I'm not going to give you the heave ho though
Mike wants me to. I'm not going to give you the, you know what, Hevo. I got to, I got to listen to Mike.
I got to trust him. FM you, you're on the air. Hey Tom. Hey, who's this? P.D. P.D.
P.D. from whatever. They're not going to say where you're from. Yeah.
How are you tonight, P.D.? I'm good, how are you? Doing okay. That's pretty cool.
Anything going on I
Was I wanted to beat spike to the first caller stop the clock
Even though I didn't really you know how done what to say now, but while I was waiting on hold
I thought of an idea that we can do maybe what's that I?
Was thinking maybe I could tell drive up across the Canadian border and
Up through Vancouver load our trunk with me. Come on. What's that? This isn't Twin Peaks
No, it's not Twin Peaks. I thought you were going to propose some weird drug deal, where we'd walk through the woods, through Washington State, into Canada, and then hike back with the duffel bags full of weed.
We could do that in this country, Tommy.
You'd like that, wouldn't you?
I guess.
But anyway, I was thinking maybe I could tell people's fortunes with the eye chain.
This is the idea I came all with.
All right.
You want to try it?
Yeah, because like I'm really trained in the I Ching.
The I Ching.
Okay.
I found a free book at this place I volunteer at.
Yeah.
And I just picked it up.
And now you're good at the I Ching.
Yeah, basically what do you do?
Like the person asks you a question about their future or something they should do and
then I twirl my hand around the box and pick out a number then I read them the fortune.
Well, that sounds very skillful.
I know, because I have to channel all the energy into myself to get what they want.
Mike, can this person on three try this?
I'm going to look and try this.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, Tom.
Hey, how are you?
I'm doing all right.
Can you hear Petey?
Yeah, I can hear Petey.
Yeah, I hear him.
How about now?
Say something, Petey.
Hello?
Yeah, I can hear him.
you heard that
talker speak up p p i i think you heard it on
okay here
well why don't you uh... did you hear what p p was just a blathering on about
yeah you're talking about the eye chain
what do you have the eye chain let's uh...
so let's do this do you have uh... something you want uh... to uh... to know
uh...
yeah i'd like to know what the future holds for me
it needs to be something just like specific man you know
yeah man
like uh...
like uh... relationship
uh... work
well okay uh... tell me how my relationship's going to go
hold on to think i just got
pick out a card here
what's your name sir
uh... it's brock
brock
yeah
Let's see, we got a number 18.
Oh, that's my true number.
It's called goo.
Wait a second.
The number is called goo?
It means poison destruction, a legendary venomous insect.
I don't think it's going to be too good.
That sounds bad.
Okay.
Romance and marrying is complicated.
An old man with a young girl.
a young man with an older woman there is love but no union
we think about that that time right
uh... i guess
well this is very interesting
i know it
did you like the way that went for
yet
fm you you're on the air
is anything in that book about road to ruin
i'm sorry
is there anything in that book about road to ruin
road to ruin
of the work by all
i know this is
aho how to go
it's going all right is markey remone isn't it
how are things by uh...
mark your mom
i'm doing good i'm actually all the season in balsalona
you're in barsalona
yet that's being yes now i know it's been what took you to our loan
what is taking you over to Barcelona what do you think is drums drums okay
yeah playing the drums over here all right all right that's very exciting for
who for the Spanish people and that's all I'm doing it's just it's just
poor it's just four hours of drums so it's just you yeah it's not like
marquee Ramon and the intruders or any of your other groups no it's still just
Mark here moaning his drum set hi well that's it just sounds a little
limited oh no I tell stories to though okay yeah I'm getting some complaints
though because I tell the stories while I'm playing the drums uh-huh so you
can't really hear what I'm saying too good so it's just you talking into a
Mike and playing drums telling stories yeah and it's so people kind of can't
hear the stories though well define people the people the audience members
there really hasn't been none yet how many shows have you done six and you've
yet to have one audience member pretty much yeah I mean my sound guy is there
Yeah.
Wow.
Pablo.
So it's you and Pablo.
Yeah.
I think Pablo <E.D.> me over because he's not putting my stories up, eyeing up in the
mix.
Yeah.
And do you think that's what's holding you back?
I think I think the words got out on people's blogs and stuff, their web blogs.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
That this show is a dud.
Yeah.
So I'm putting up on my web blog that it ain't a dud.
Okay.
Wow.
Yeah.
You got to get the word out there.
is it a dot
do you think honestly that it's a dot
all of it
well it's that's honest i know i know it is
okay
and are you both hard
go ahead sorry
sorry i want to ask you how i was doing in the election
um... well people are voting over friends at tom dot com to see who the new
mayor of new bridges can be your you're in the running
i'm going to win right
you know i don't know if you're going to win you're up there
i think uh... uh... mike
uh... associate producer mike has been in the lead although it seems like he's
in a bit of a free fall lately
yeah i heard he's got a little problem with the same stuff that i had a problem
with back when we was doing subterranean jungle
and what stuff is that
uh... alcoholism
okay
all right i i i i i'm sure i know he shows up uh...
drunk
i i i i thought he was just a little loose but i guess it is drunk
yet he seems like when i was talking to him just now when he was you know he
was taking my call like call screen and stuff
yeah i couldn't really sounded like i was talking to myself back when we was
doing subterranean jungle
okay you kind of keep referencing
the subterranean jungle well sure okay and that was sort of my nadir
that was your nadir
okay well you know you at least you got it uh... under control though
you know i do have under control also what's that
hey ho let's eat
and what what is that
member last time when we were doing that debate now we're talking about the
pizza
you know how i want to get pizza for all the kids
yes and you had a saying live like let no child go unsliced or something like
exactly yeah yeah i want i want to take a step further i just want to make sure
All the kids in New Bridge get food because a lot of them don't get enough food, you know?
Yeah, except for a little, what's his name, Mikey Alvesom?
Yeah, I think he might eat for everybody.
Yeah, I think he's had too much pizza.
So what is this program?
It's called, hey, let's eat.
It just teaches kids how to eat more food and stuff.
how to eat more food
because that that apparently is that a problem amongst uh... america's youth
and new bridges youth
i think it is yet
away hold on
on man what's that
um...
i would i just got like a
like a text on my on my cell phone and stuff
and it's
it's from uh...
to however some
yeah that's uh...
tour halberts and he's they were also a candidate for the election
yet says that he's going to
deposit my drumstick some place where i'd rather they not be placed
yeah i will be that's
that's what you know it's even weirder
among my old cell phone it's like a spare
and it's not even set up to take text
but somehow you just got a text from him
so he's got some weird technical
i don't know what he's got but i'm kind of scared
don't be scared here
you're in the election he's in it it's it's it's a fair race don't let that
intimidate you
and you know what what's that
i think i might um...
if i come back to like american stuff
I think I might spend some time with my family.
No, you can't drop out of the race.
Yeah, I think it's about spending time with my family.
I got to go.
Well, please give it some thought.
Families looking really good right now.
Hey, I got to go.
Wow, OK.
To the bathroom.
All right, well, Mr. Ramon, I appreciate
you're hung up. 201, 209, 9368 is the number. Best shows here until 11 o'clock tonight.
And you can vote over at friendsoftom.com for the next mayor of Newbridge. We put the
to pull up uh... you can vote every day you know once a day
every day
and you can vote for as many candidates as you want
for those uh... for if for when you vote
you don't have to just pick one candidate
so
you do that over friends at home dot com you go there
you register for the board and it's a if you're not registered to take two
seconds to register
you sign up
You can vote you get to do all the other stuff on the site. It's very exciting and the friends at Tom
Messageboard forum is spectacular
moderated by but you're truly
Friends at Tom calm check it out
So
I go over to the all-bomb pan, right, which is a couple blocks from the radio station.
I go to get my customary apple juice before each show, a nice cold apple juice, and maybe
We have baked goods because the baked goods are sitting there, seven to eight, half price.
Look I'm not trying to pig out or anything, but I'll get one thing, I like to get Mike
a nice cookie.
So last week I went and picked up some stuff and everybody had a grand old time.
This week I buy this muffin, and I take a bite of it as soon as I get out of there, and
I almost lose it.
This is like some meat muffin.
It was like bacon in it or something.
Shouldn't that be like maybe in a different section the muffins that have meat in them?
I might consider that something you might not want to put right next to the corn muffins
and the blueberry muffins.
I want to put ones that have bacon in them and cheese somewhere else.
Put a little sign on it.
And then when I'm walking in, this man and lady are leaving, so I open the door and I
hold the door open for them so that they can exit before I enter. And this guy
just looks at me and if I'm wearing like a Bellman's uniform doesn't say
thank you nothing. The two of them walk but that might be my number one pet peeve.
When you hold the door for people and they just look at you as if like I like
yes that is to be expected. You can't just say thank you. So what I say out loud
always and loudly loud I say if they walk by without saying anything I go
you're welcome and then they always go oh well you're not always a lot of time
they go oh thank you how how absorbed do you have to be where you don't realize
that a fellow citizen is holding the door for you that you can't just say
Thank you no they were not on the phone they were they were they will look right
at me if I ever if I get that guy get my hands on that guy again they'll be
wearing my apple juice FM you you're on the air hello hello hey hey who's this
Teresa. How are you Teresa? I'm good. How are you Tom? Doing okay. I'm calling from
Queens is the first time I'm actually hearing you guys ever. Okay, stop the
clock new caller. I'm sitting in my car because I can't find my
cell phone charger so I have to force to sit in my car and I'm like listening
to the radio and everything sucks and then I just said stumbling upon 91.1 or
whatever it is. I'm like what is this and you are entertaining me sir. Oh thank
Yeah, we're sweet to say that reason this station is called WFM you
Yeah, the guy who answered the phone was telling me that you can listen to reading I'm like that's pretty badass
I'm gonna do that you listen on your computer. You can listen. The shows are all archived. You can listen at your discretion
Whenever you want
And also I have a suggestion. I think you should take the Sims 2 die make that your co-host
there's something creepy about him but I like it what you actually are very
intuitive that's that guy calls in every week I've been trying to make him my
co-host for a couple months he will not do it he will not do it yeah I don't
know just that seems to you the fact that he goes so deep into that wow I would
love to hear him talk about something else oh just keep listening wait to
hear him talk about doo-wop Texas Chainsaw Massacre the only other two things
he's interested in although he does hate women oh hmm fine I mean I live in
Queens I dad will find me so you know we can't stand Hillary Clinton oh me neither
so it's fine but he hates all women oh well I hate most women please maybe we
could get along i don't know please don't be a woman who hates other women
i know i just don't get along with them i think they're kind of it you know i
said
fair enough
you know but there i don't know one guy who hates guys
never met a guy ever who hates that
i know so many women who just hate other women
well people with women there's always constant problems
dot i feel men don't have to pay for the men because they don't have to go
through that
ds you know
this women are so caddy and i i mean half my friends are either gay men or
straight men that that's a it's like that
i don't know
so we're going to keep listening
of course i as long as i have to charge my phone for six in another hour so
all right
unfortunately mike is telling me he's holding up a piece of paper says
this call is born dump
this okay he's saying
i think i gotta move on
but seriously keep listening
I appreciate it.
And don't hate women so much.
They're all right.
I'll try not to.
Exactly.
All right, you have a good night.
Bye-bye.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, Tom, what's going on?
It's Frank from Wehalkin.
Frank from Wehalkin.
How are you tonight?
I'm all right.
How's it going?
It's going all right.
Excellent.
I was just going to add something about the drive
been in your situation with the door holding the door open.
And stop the clock.
This guy agrees with me.
What?
I said stop the clock.
because there's a thirty-second clock
uh... during this pre-topic portion of the show
if a call is a dot
so tell me about your experience with the door holding uh... phenomena
well i think
more so than holding the door open the other thing that really gets me is when
you're like walking toward the door and someone is walking through and they turn
and actually
look at you
and they judge that you're too far distance for them to wait to hold it and
then they just walk away and the door hits you in the face yeah i don't know
which one gets me more angry you should see how long i hold the door in that
situation
for people
guy i have somebody coming up over the horizon and i stand there holding the
door
yeah you have matters so people aren't as
matter for you know i just see i see there i see the top of their head they
might as well be coming up like this son
they could be three miles away and i'm standing there holding the door
knowing that they're on the way
And they still want to have the gratitude to say thanks, yeah, but these people yeah
You're you're four feet behind them and they don't hold the door boom
Or they'll do one of the things are like they move their hand down it to like the left finger is holding the door
Then they just let it slip away in the door closed. Yeah, like they're walking and holding the door open
Either stop and hold it or just don't turn around like the door slam. That's what I say. I try and hold it
Yeah, either either don't play the game or hold the door properly till I can get through precisely
Frank, you're wise.
You're wise beyond your years.
How old are you, neighborhood wise?
28.
48?
28.
28.
Mentally, I feel 48.
Physically, I'm about 68.
Yeah, it sounds like it.
Yeah.
Some hard miles put on that 28-year-old frame, huh?
Hard time working on the railroad.
A lot of booze in it up.
I occasionally during the college years got a little bit out of control former Smoker tried to change everything around and just
Work my night to five and trying all the couple doors open
Let a couple people in taxis before me just try to do good now try to make up like
You know carbon such exactly you know what?
What do you what what's your policy on on the movie theater picking up after yourself?
Usually I mean I bring my own snacks, and I don't buy them at the theaters
But whatever I bring in I take out because I usually bring like a bag because you get
so many bags that when you go like food shopping I just throw them in there and throw them in
the garbage.
Uh huh.
Because I hate getting that stuff on your feet where it's sticking and you don't even
know what it is.
You know what I do think is funny though?
Not that I'm endorsing this.
I think it's fun.
Okay thank you for it.
I think it's funny to be the theater employee for example and then if the guy is like cleaning
the theater and he looks down he's like
we don't sell lays potato chips
like a now he has to pick up a bag of like
lays potato chips on the floor
like i i do think there is something funny in the ideas like
what jerks need in potato chips and it's like i'm that jerk
and you know that you'd like tune on chips and we're sitting next to them as
they hear this guy tuna potato chips especially if they're like
kettle cooked or something like that and making like
crunching noises to the whole movie what's the worst uh... what's the most uh...
uh... elaborate thing you uh... brought into a movie theater
uh...
yeah your mister
what movie
uh... jeez this was i think uh...
it was
last summer i forgot what it was though exactly
may have been uh... ratatouille
uh... ratatou maybe ratatouille
you're saying it was some kind of parry movie
I went to a marathon, a Tyler Perry marathon.
You did not.
You're a liar.
You're a liar.
There's no such thing as a Tyler Perry marathon.
Unless you're over my house.
FMU, you're on the air?
Utah is Brock again.
Brock, how are you, Brock?
Sorry to use you as fodder for Petey's sick delusions.
Yeah, from the I Ching.
Yes, the I Ching.
Isn't it the I Ching?
Yeah, I do.
Isn't that how you say it?
yeah
to the i change
so what what what can i do for you tonight brock
so i want to talk about uh... uh... what we do a secret the germs movie
yes the movie about the rock band
the germs
you see it
i didn't like it
you didn't like it
no no it was uh... it was really over produced like i hadn't seen the
decline of western civilization
Mm-hmm before I saw the movie so I saw the germs movie and then I saw the decline of western civilization
Okay, and it's it's not the you know
Like the way Darby is portrayed in the movie just seems to me like I
Don't know he seems like a teen pop idol in it
Darby is who?
He's the lead singer Darby O'Gill. Is that his match?
crash. Crash, okay. Yeah. And that, you didn't like, you thought it was too slick. Yeah,
yeah, overproduced. I heard that the bass player in the movie is playing a Steinberg,
like a necklace base. Is that true? And then somebody's playing. I didn't see that scene.
They also left out, they left out the scene, like when they found the dead painter, they
talk about in the decline of lessons of the nation they didn't do that
in the movie either
i heard somebody's playing a chatman stick in the germs
i want to know if that
they've had smear
but a chatman stick
yeah
i'm sorry to hear you like the germs movie
well one uh... highlight of the night what though was um... i thought um...
the guy that was the movie geek from uh... beat the geeks was the movie
Usher at the screening you mean like he actually works at the theater. Yeah
Fair enough movie geek
Look
Guys on a career as a geek. There's gonna be some peaks and valleys. I can't can't judge the guy
That's how you become a geek you work as a movie. I try and get to see all the movies for free guys got to put food on the table
Yeah
He had some attitude to him though.
Well, that's wrong.
What?
No, I'm saying that if the guy had some attitude, I don't like that.
Well, you can imagine the kind of crowd that showed up for, you know, this movie and what he had to deal with.
Yeah, he's dealing with people sneaking in Yeagermeisters and the big rolled gold pretzels.
All right, that's all I want to talk about. Thanks, Brock. You have a good night. You too.
FM you, you're on the air. Hey, Tom. How you doing? Great night. Okay. I'm doing all right. Who's this?
This is Jonathan from Montclair, New Jersey. How you doing? Doing okay. Very funny show tonight. Oh, thanks, Jonathan.
I have a quick pet peeve that I can't stand.
Let's hear it, what is it?
This is almost like an informal topic.
I love it.
I hate when somebody is walking towards me
and I'm walking in the same direction
and we both do this little dilly-dabby thing
and we don't know which way to go.
There's no word for that, so I made a word for it.
What's the word?
Wingal.
What is it?
Wingle.
Wingle.
It went.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It went.
Okay.
I'm making them snigglets.
Had no time for this.
This is 2008.
Wingle.
You're in that situation.
It's very simple.
You pretend you're a car.
Go to the right.
Everybody goes to the right.
Everything works out okay.
Wingle.
FMU.
You're on the air.
Hello.
Hello.
Hey Tom.
This is Keith from Richmond, Virginia.
key from richmond virginia how are you tonight keith
it's actually pete
what's going on
uh... i had a question about the door holding policy yes
on if you're walking toward a door that someone is holding for you
yes you have to speed up or just recommended
if you're walking so if i'm walking toward a door i'm going to go through
a door and i see somebody's holding it open
right for me
but yeah you put a little if you don't
job you don't
sprint through the door,
put a little spring in your step.
Right.
Do a little hustle,
a little bound forward.
Right?
Yeah, I think so.
I think so.
I mean, what am I supposed to walk through
like I'm the queen?
Roll through some regal thing,
guy standing there holding the door?
No, spring forward,
a little bound in your step.
Very simple.
Is that what you would do Pete?
Pete?
Pete!
Hello?
Can you hear me?
Yes.
I didn't mute my accent.
I'm sorry.
That's all right.
What about the little half run where you kind of like kneel down and you're like you're
crossing the street really fast?
What?
Explain this now.
You're crossing the street.
You're crossing the street and like you're not running but you're kind of pretending
you're running for like four steps, you know what I mean?
And then you kind of go back to normal walking.
So that you can let a car, so you can get past a car.
Right, but everyone does, and you're kind of just not really running, but you're kind
of...
Yeah, you're bounding.
You're bounding forward.
Yeah.
You're accelerating it by degrees.
Yeah.
Yes.
I would agree with that policy also.
Okay.
All right.
That's all really.
I just want to check up on that.
Thanks, Pete.
Thanks.
Good guy.
Got Virginia, they raised them well in Virginia.
Got manners.
Got manners.
FM you're on the air. Hey Thomas, Andrew from Kansas City by way or from Chicago now
by way of Kansas City. How are you Andrew? Good. How are you doing? Okay. Oh thank you.
One more thing about the door holding. Yes. Because I also hold the door for people.
Have you ever had the old man who's too proud to let you hold the door for him, and so he insists that you have to come through?
It would take way less time if you just let me do this. I'm just trying to be nice.
You know what I do in that situation?
What's that?
I never give way. I will outlast that old man.
I pretend I'm a statue holding the door.
go and I just stand still he realizes I'm gonna I'm in a freeze pose I'm gonna
hold the door I'm showing you the respect old-timer come through or I insist
exactly the youth of today are showing you part of the whatever you're probably
part of the greatest generation or what if the guy's like a weird like back then
He's like I don't know the Nazis man. I don't know man
I think I some good ideas, and I'm holding the door open for some like Nazi sympathizer
Also our old people, but I'm just a credit. I'm how
disrespectful
The younger generation is yeah, you know, yes, I'm trying to hold the door for you and you're trying to send a message
Yeah
Well, that's it. I'll let you you meet up again
You meet up again with an old dude in the door you hold it and you go to him you just hold it and you go
Buh-buh-buh-buh-buh and you just make it clear that you are not budging until he goes through the door. I will I
Yes
Thank you, definitely. Thank you
WFM you starring WXHD mount hope worldwide on the world wide web at WFM you dot org
this is the best show on WFM you my name's Tom Sharpling I'm the host of tonight's installment
the phone number is two oh one two oh nine nine three six eight people say give the
the number out too quickly.
Just spent an hour talking about Albon Pan.
I'm reading the new issue of Rolling Stone, which has all these comedians on the cover,
and Billy Crystal, which I don't know why he's there also.
There's an interview with a profile on Brian Wilson, who has a new album out called That
lucky old son, which I plan to never listen to. That is my goal with that album. Don't
need to hear it. Look, as far as Beach Boys goes, I paid my dues and then some. I spent
my entire high school years chasing down Beach Boys albums, buying them online. You
How long it took me to find the sunflower?
How long it took me to find Holland with the with the with the seven inch
I paid my dues
Australian Australian CD box set
Beach Boys Rarities album all the bootlegs and my copy is a smile. I've got how many permutations
So I just say with the with the Brian Wilson though, I'm done that smile thing that came
out a few years ago was a complete travesty look he put it behind him helped him close
out what smile was more power to him you know what though that thing wasn't smile but neither
here nor there's got this new album out
and he's talking all about it
blah blah blah
but then
the end of this article reading it
because work and i look i'm glad the guys back and he came back to earth
good for him
is what he's one of my heroes
and i'm like i don't ever need to hear anything this guy does again he did he
did everything i've heard i've heard it
I've listened to those Beach Boys albums 8 million times.
I don't need to sit there listening to Cabin Essence ever again.
But then, the last paragraph of the article, Brian Wilson hooks me to where I am ready
for his next record, I cannot wait.
He says this, I'm working on a new album now.
called Pleasure Island, a rock fantasy. It's about some guys who took a hike and they found
a place called Pleasure Island and they met all kinds of chicks and they went on rides
and it's just a concept. I haven't developed it yet. I think people are going to love it.
It could be the best thing I've ever done. I can't wait for Pleasure Island, a rock fantasy.
This guy got me again.
I was off board.
I don't need this lucky old son thing.
You could throw that in the garbage.
I don't need to hear that.
But Pleasure Island, a rock fantasy.
This guy's going on a hike.
This is insane.
This is a craziest thing.
It sounds like he's doing a score of a porno movie.
Maybe he is.
and no maybe they're just showing him like the like he's working on it with
some guy who's not showing him like the dirty stuff just showing these porn
stars hiking through the woods they went on rides so these guys if I'm getting
this concept straight they're going on a hike and they find an island that has
rides on it. So what did they stumble into the back of great adventure? This is insane.
I am so excited for so much of my life. I spent a sizable percentage of my life praying
they would release the smile stuff in a full studio version just all of it just
open the vaults here it all is right now if I had to make a choice between all
the smile stuff getting getting getting released like a six-seat is it Tom you
have a choice you can get a six CD set of all the smile stuff
It sounds pristine, it's everything, or you can get a copy of Pleasure Island, a rock
fantasy.
You know what, I'm going for Pleasure Island.
I want to hear what a 66-year-old man doing coming up with the most insane concept album
of all times, all time, all time and times.
He's got me hooked.
Please finish Pleasure Island, a rock fantasy, Brian Wilson.
I'm begging you.
If you know him, you're in the wonder mince.
This is what you do.
You chain him to the piano.
You make him finish it.
So the other, on Sunday, I go, it's my, my, that's birthday.
So we go to a Yankee game on Sunday, at a majestic Yankee stadium before it goes away.
My father wanted to see Yankee Stadium.
So we got tickets.
So we promptly dropped an insane amount of money for tickets to see a team that's not
going to make the playoffs.
We get there, Yankee Stadium, first of all, this is how you get things done.
If you're driving in, which I was driving in, I'm not getting on the subway, no offense.
I live in New Jersey, I go across the George Washington Bridge.
That's how I get to Yankee Stadium.
So I get there, and we pull into the parking lots across the street from the stadium, not
the garage.
There are separate lots, you pull in, you pay, then you say to the guy, here's ten bucks.
me. Here's 10 bucks, remember me. This guy, this guy all of a sudden, this guy said,
okay, you ask for Jose. He pulls my car. My car was the closest car out ready to pull
out. Ready to pull out. Ten bucks. Ten measly bucks. VIP treatment. By the way, when we're
trying to get there, we made a wrong turn. I'm driving around, I pass a cop. And I asked
the cop, I was like, hey, where should I turn to get to Yankee Stadium, which I can see,
by the way, I can see it. It's right there. We're a half mile from it. The cop's answer?
I don't know. You don't know. What kind of cop is this? You know, yeah, you don't know
to get over to that thing where it has 60,000 people in it every other day not sure not sure
where that how to maybe go down a road to get to that kind of cop was that so when we
get there we go into this place and I'm just going to say right off the bat they should
blown this place up 30 years ago. This place is the biggest dump I've ever been in my life.
History, mystery.
What a complete dive.
My father's like, oh, I want to see the monuments. It goes to the look at the mine. If you go there,
early. You get to go look at the monuments. They shut down the monument thing like three
minutes after they opened it because there was like a stampede of people trying to see
the monuments. Once it was a great idea to shut it down because now you have people looping
through a hallway angry. If you're going to loop them through the hallway loop them through
the monuments, just loop them through.
But this place, it felt like a prison, like it's dank, it's filthy, the worst food, like
of course, it's baseball stadium.
I know I'm not, I know I'm not, I know I'm not at a no boo, I'm at this place.
And the place is not helped by the people in attendance, by the fine folks crowding into
the Yankee Stadium.
For the first time in my life, I was the best dressed person out of 50,000 plus.
I was probably one of the 10 best dressed people in this thing.
And I was addressed very casually.
These slobs walking through, and I say slobs, these are bad slobs.
I come from slob stock.
I am still a slob.
I will always be a slob.
there's a difference between being a slob and being sloppy this it felt like
I was back in Atlantic City like rumor I went down a couple weeks ago to Atlantic
City and I thought it was a morbidly obese Ricky Jay lookalike contest what's
going on
this felt like it was some sort of audition for like uh...
for like if they were going to do like a uh... star wars cantina scene
i thought i was in the cantina in star wars
i thought this was more precisely spaceport
suddenly
looking around
it'd be like if you took that cantina scene from star wars
and put uh... and put uh... they're jitter shirts
on all the guys in there
like all those aliens don't go
he doesn't like you
if that guy was wearing a job a chamberland shirt
i don't like you either
and that the other guys wearing a uh...
he's wearing a uh... thermon months in throwback
it really was like the cantina scene
i was also one of the most
physically fit people
at the stadium that day
suddenly i felt like michael felps
i felt like what michael felps must feel like
when he goes to like some weird autograph signing
i did not take my shirt off
there are boundaries
there are limits
so we go we get our seats
and we're sitting there
watching it nice day
sunny day
load seats
so we got nice uh... shade
then the uh... national anthem begins
please rise for the national anthem of course everybody's standing
it's like uh...
then this guy two rows behind me
yells out at the most inappropriate i'm trying to take where i was like
uh... it's not even at the part when people yell out of the land of the free
like you get people start cheering
this guy was like oh say does that start like a star he's like
USA and everyone turns around and most of them are they're looking at me and him trying
to figure out which one of us just yelled that out now I'm like there I'm like on the
hot seat now these people are staring at me thinking I yelled out USA at the most inappropriate
point during the song. I would hope that the people would look and realize that the guy
wearing a sleeveless Roger Clemens t-shirt and kind of like two-fisting buds was maybe
Maybe the guy who yelled it out, not the guy standing there in his clean-cut Ben Sherman
polo shirt who looked mortified.
So then we're watching the game.
Action packed, all kinds of home runs, grants lamb, good old time.
Then we get up to go get some soft drinks.
like the sixth inning and the food placement that's the other reason they
need to knock this dump down. It's almost arbitrary arrangements like take
you're on the one thing and it's just all the same dumpy thing where it's like
hot dog pretzel beer soda. You're like trying to find any you find like these
And then you keep walking around walking around and you finally find the one arbitrary place that has like oh, yeah
We got a plant sandwich
Like we're tucked in a corner like it's a secret
Get all these people like boo they're trying to sell sushi at the stadium
These people get bent out of shape
yeah you know what out of shape is the the operative phrase in that bent out of
shape you go to a baseball game you're supposed to eat hot dogs drink as much
beer as you can now look you want to do that have a grand old time again I ain't
stopping you? More power to you. Knock yourself out. But you know what? Don't make
like I'm some sort of a commie just because I want something that maybe has
a vegetable on it. And I don't feel like going on some extended marathon of eating
garbage. Like four rounds of garbage. I mean this place you'd think finally found
place it had a kinesh in it you'd think i was trying to order man miso soup at
a yankee stadium it's a kinesh mashed potato
mashed potatoes jammed inside a uh inside a fried bread and fried bread not
exactly high eating
So then we go to get the soft drinks at that point
We go to this one stand
There's a lady there
So mad she was behind the counter so mad
It's like you know what I'm paying 475 for this stuff
Can you maybe not be mad at me on top of that?
Because you work here and you're mad look again again again
You know me crummy jobs I've worked in my life
You don't pass it on to the customer like some guy literally comes up. He was ahead of us
He goes certainly you guys still selling beer and she goes
And I'm not selling like she wouldn't answer. She looks mountains of selling beer. It's like what?
Now I'm selling beer and the guy like finally got frustrated and walked away and this lady literally says out loud like
Starts talking about how stupid the guy was
It's like, oh my God, I'm scared now to overpay for this water.
When we finally get our soft drinks, I deal with this terrifying woman overpay for everything.
She made me feel horrible.
Like I was putting her out to pay 4.75.
you please reach under the thing and grab me a bottle of water. You're right, I
should have gone around the counter and gotten it myself. It's not the buffet.
Then we watch the game, we leave, and the people in front of us talking about there's
so much history that's taking place in this stadium.
More history, history, history, you know what?
Let me drive the wrecking ball.
me let me let me swing the first swing
places dump you know where else there's a lot of there's plenty of places have a
lot of history in it doesn't mean you should go there and overpay for stuff
yeah I go see some historical thing that's fine they don't know it's usually
free to go look at that stuff
oh yeah from this vantage point uh... washington
looked down and could survey uh...
to see uh...
to see how the the the uh... the uh... the war was shaping up
to see where the where the uh... soldiers were moving
that's great you know what it was free to go to that
and i just didn't drop uh... you know uh... three bills
you know triple digits
to get it to see that uh... out-of-date thing
uh... won't stay to the art
pay that kind of money
history
the baby Ruth ran around the bases of that
fake fast footage
they still can't slow that footage down can they
they could they get a friend Fred Astaire can dance with a vacuum cleaner
But somebody still can't get the frames per second
adjusted on the footage of Babe Ruth.
Babe Ruth would run faster than that dude in the Olympics.
At the rate they have that footage going.
Most will put Babe Ruth on the thing.
He'd outrun Bolt.
Real life, that must have taken Babe Ruth three minutes
to run the bases on a home run.
They got that footage going.
He's doing it in 3.8 seconds.
So we leave the stadium.
And I don't care about the Yankees either, which way.
I'm not rooting for the Yankees, I'm not rooting for the Mets.
I don't like baseballs though, baseball is just okay.
ball is where my heart lay. Professional basketball. Then as we leave we're
walking back to the parking lot. I see the guy. Huge line of people waiting to get
their cars. What do I do? Yeah. Jose said ask for him. Right this way sir. Pull my
car out telling you go to a parking garage don't be afraid to grease a grease
a palm if you know you're gonna be in a rush it's gonna be crowded these guys
are as corrupt as the day is long these parking garage guys and good for them
them. Good for them. So that's where we're pulling out. A guy we're passing another parking
lot and a guy stumbles out. Like a guy's pulling the car out slowly for another customer and
a guy walking down the street does the most insane attempt to make it look like he got
hit by a hit by this guy he sees this guy inching this car i mean this car was
rolling so slowly it was rolling as if it was like
as if it was on flat like like something with a one
degree uh decline just rolling inching up and this guy
goes whoa he like he falls onto the hood of the car
Hey, you hit me, man!
He was trying for like a quick shake-down and
Thankfully the guy who ran the parking garage told the guy to
to in very colorful terms to
Pull his scam elsewhere
and then as we're leaving the Bronx I
I got cut off by this motorcycle, these two guys riding motorcycles.
And what's on the back of their leather jackets, their motorcycle jackets?
One guy has band of brothers, like the TV series.
The other guy has 300, the movie.
It's like it's like what is this some weird movie club motorcycle gang?
Unbelievable got a 300 like it not even like he got not like he worked on the movie 300 and they gave crew jackets out
This was a designed jacket
For the movie 300 that this guy clearly got made
expressly for him
I want to see the other members of this gang, got riding around in a wall-y jacket.
Hey, check my new jacket out.
Whoa, that's a cool jacket, burn after reading.
Yeah, I wasn't sure which one, which design I should go for, so I got on the jacket I
decided to get a John Malkovich flipping out. The guy at the store told me maybe
to go for Clooney or Pitt. He was like no way. I got John Malkovich arguing with
Tilda Swinson on the back of my burn after reading motorcycle jacket. FM you
you're on the air. Hi. Hi, who's this? This is Melanie from Chicago. Melanie from
Chicago. How are you tonight? I'm doing fine. Harper and Nord told me to call
you. Who? Harper and Nord. I work with them and they told me to call you. Okay,
well, welcome to the program. Thank you. I like the program. Oh, thank you.
You're you're you're kind to say that. Yeah, I do. I actually do. You know,
you're just talking about the little scam with the first of all I want to
know what you were twirling in your hand on the commentary for a monk in the
naked man what was that in your hand get off my heave ho I'll talk about that
stuff that's sick bring that up work at a cardboard place got me all fired up
now
do you hear about a barack obama
he now has uh... since apparently
the best thing you can do to uh... to uh...
to energize the american public is to add someone uh... new
that no one knows who they are
he apparently going to add some new dude
his campaign
yeah just some new guy
Some cool dude. He's a guy rides a muscle car around.
Oh, he's cool. Oh, wait till you see this guy. He plays guitar.
He's new. You don't know nothing about him.
But he's new.
Oh man, check out this. This guy's got the coolest Mustang you've ever seen.
do oh I we we don't know but he's new America's gonna love this guy's got long
hair what's it what are his qualifications nobody sure but he's new
he's gonna be secretary of defense he's new which calls better here one is not
going to last very long FM you're on the air hey Tom hey hey this is a Brian from
down in California you're sure it's beautiful I just wanted to say that
everything you play and everything you talk about just hits a note with me it's
really beautiful it's like music coming out to speakers thank you Brian and you
actually talked about me a few minutes ago I talked about you yeah this Brian
Wilson all right hey how's it going Brian Wilson well pretty good I really like
your show I listen every week uh-huh here in Downey California you know
live streaming the internet's a beautiful thing yeah you turn a computer on a
light comes out and it's just like wow it's beautiful so it's very exciting so
in your career Mr. Wilson I still I'm not comfortable calling you Brian unless
you say I can oh sure that's everyone calls me Brian what it what has been
the highlight of your career
highlight of my career
just just the ability to uh... to wake up every morning and make music
he had a note on the piano you go over walk over to the piano every day
you know
and it's just like the shell comes out and it's beautiful really this guy's gonna
keep doing this
that's that's what makes it uh... uh... okay
i can't remember a lot of my life
yeah okay
this is a great
seriously
i'm just going to take you off the air for a second
hey it's it's it's tom
uh...
like how what what you really
real name
my real name's dog
hey would you be willing to do this character
uh... we're we're going to do another we've got another thing coming up like a
a thing with with mike we're going to do a whole routine like a bachelor party
form. Okay, would you be willing to do this Brian Wilson thing?
Yeah, I'm not that quick at it. You're not okay. I wrote a few
things down about the pleasure I want. Okay. Yeah, let's let's
figure it out. Okay, because we're gonna do a whole thing
because Mike actually is ready to propose to this woman he
met. Okay, he met at of all things. You know that American
Coaster enthusiasts
It's like these guys who ride. I know I know that there are clubs like that
Yeah, this guy rides roller coasters. Oh Mike. I find new things out about this guy every week
This guy rides roller coasters every weekend
Okay, so he may be in pleasure Island. I guess you go on rides. He met this woman at the like the Batman ride
Yeah
So we're gonna do this whole bachelor party thing and if you could he's a huge beach boy's fan
And if you could do this Brian Wilson thing for that show, it'd probably be like three
weeks.
Can you do that?
Yeah, yeah.
I'm Doug Hillard.
Oh, boy.
Now I'm embarrassed.
Suddenly, loop back on me.
Loop back on me.
Oh, boy.
Hey Harry, we don't talk about that on the air. I'm legally not allowed to.
No more of those questions. I just want to know what was in your hand. But this is what
I wanted to ask you. Okay, let's hear this. Did you see the movie where the guy had the
a whole scam where he was getting hit by a car.
And then he'd have the people go to the ATM,
fill him back for him,
because he acted a little off.
What movie was this, Crunch?
The Third Wheel.
Was that that movie?
It was Crunch?
Was the name of the movie Crunch?
Yeah.
No, it was the Third Wheel.
The Third Wheel.
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
These two were on a date.
Yeah.
and
they're coming out of this parking garage
they've had me to study it
they'll come out of a parking girl who was in this movie the third week
i'd just
look on my dv york is it still watch it every saturday
but i couldn't find
the names for the actors you watch this movie every saturday
yes
for the credit
everybody's third-wheel time
Yes, exactly. And then we watch Ratatouille.
You like that movie?
I like that movie.
It's a good movie.
Yeah, I can't imagine a rat cooking my food, but I like the movie.
Third wheel, I'm going to go, I'm going to look at it right now.
Well, check this out, though.
I'm not going to tell you that, and I'm not going to tell you because you're about to check it out right now.
Is this it? Charlie Watts is cheating on his supportive wife of seven years.
Nope.
Nope.
Okay.
Let's see. There's two third wheels.
Okay. I'm going to tell you what's here on my... Here's one.
Is it...
It's a story of two friends and the girl who comes between them.
Nope.
No.
No. That's not it either.
Let me tell you. I'm going to give you here.
Let's see.
I love it.
You should be right here, right under Uncle Daddy.
There we go.
No, back.
Just once, I'm going to tell you exactly what they don't give you.
Take your time.
Take your time.
There's some here.
While on a date with a coworker, a young man
hits a homeless man with his car.
That's all that's there.
All right.
and you how many times have you seen this movie
thirty-two
well
yet
it's a good movie and i started i started watching it
still have managed to uh... figure out who any of the actors are though
i i never stay for the credit you know i like a lot of movies
i like a lot of movies what's it i can't get into the whole figure out who
everybody is all that
all-time favorite movie
What is it?
My all-time favorite movie is The Color Purple.
You like The Color Purple?
I like the singing and stuff.
Uh-huh.
You know.
Other favorite movie.
Let's hear other favorite movies.
My other favorite movie, Cartoon,
would be Lady and the Tramp.
Lady and the Tramp.
That's one of the two dogs.
Yes.
Right?
Yes.
Where the dogs are eating.
It's lady, dear.
Yes.
I like that movie.
I love that movie.
We wore out a couple of tapes
and then when I turned 18, it got released.
On DVD?
When I was 18 or 20, and my mom bought it for me.
So how are things in Chicago tonight?
Things in Chicago tonight are quiet.
No one's been shot that I've heard of yet.
And, you know, nothing's really gone off.
My, my front two tires, I have a lot of haters.
People don't like me.
That's not good.
I'm sorry.
But, you know, they lost somebody wasted the time
to come and slash my tires.
You know what? You're better than that. You're better than that. You're a good person. They
don't deserve your company. Right. They don't. And if folks, I figure out who it is, I'll
just drop them, cut them loose. They're usually telling themselves, you know, by some activity
that they try to mask with other circumstances, but then it always comes back to me. Exactly.
Mm-hmm. Yep. You worry about it. You waste time
Yes, get new tires. I need a new tires anyway. Exactly. So you get some new tires. Yep
Yeah, oh my 91 Ford Explorer. It's blue
Alright Mike has given me the high sign. He's telling me I have to move on to the next segment of the show
Well, you know what you move on. I'm gonna keep listening cuz I fall in love with your show. Oh, you're sweet Michelle
Thank you so much. It's Melanie.
Melanie, Mike said Michelle.
No, Melanie. I should fire Mike, shouldn't I?
Don't fire Mike. Don't fire Mike.
But it is Melanie.
Okay, Melanie.
All right, and make sure you register two people on the 30th to vote and wear blue.
To vote for what?
To vote for anybody, whoever they want to vote for.
I don't judge people by who they vote for.
Add what though, what are we voting on?
On the presidential elections in November.
Is that this year?
Yes.
OK.
That is this year.
Make sure that you vote.
Otherwise, you know, you'll be paying $8 next year for gasoline.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Thank you, Melanie.
OK.
I think we will be hearing more from Melanie.
I'm okay with that.
Let everybody know, hey by the way, Ted Leo has released an EP available digitally, digitally.
it's called rapid response
to benefit, it's a charity
benefit EP
go get it over a touch and go records.com
and you can buy it, there's like a sliding scale on how you can pay for it
i think you can pay uh... more
goes to uh... the the people who were uh...
you know the people in uh... many apples
who got uh... their their heads knocked around
during the uh...
republican national convention
helps all the people got arrested
protesting
touch and go records dot com and go over and get it's only four dollars but you
can pay more
put a topic on the table late in the show for a topic
is one of those fun shows it's just hanging out
you and me just hanging out
simple topic
manageable
child like in its uh... in its uh... in its uh...
lack of uh... lack of uh... uh... of of clutter
three words
yay
nay
or
yay, nay, or eh, 201, 209, 9368.
We are now playing yay, nay, or eh.
How's it work?
You run it by me.
You run something by me.
And I go yay, or I go nay, or I go eh.
or you can be the one to vote on it
two oh one two oh nine nine three six eight
while we wait for the phones to ring i'm going to uh... do something i've been
meaning to do for a while
you remember my uh... my protege
the h-man
good guy
i think his uh... he's uh...
the h-man is one of my friends online as you all know uh... the uh...
The Facebook is everything that all the kids are talking about.
The H-Man puts up these Facebook updates that are pure, pure poetry.
And thus, I would like to read you some of the H-man's Facebook status updates.
The H-Man thinks it's hilarious that he actually objects, oh actually I read a wrong way.
The H-Man thinks it's hilarious that he actually objects, oh come on where is it, I gotta get
inside this one.
The H-Man thinks it's hilarious that he has actually objects stuck to his wall with stuff
you'd use to hang up posters. The H-Man is gearing up for the three-day weekend.
The H-Man is celebrating his panel's birthday weekend and will finally give his friend the
shirt he bought.
The next update, these are like haikus, they're very relaxing.
The H man needs to do laundry today and then enjoy the three day weekend.
The next update is the H man had quite an interesting night.
Let's see how this three day weekend goes.
The H man says it's a new day filled with mohawks chilling and celebrating a birthday.
like a plan. The H-Man has a barbecue to go to tonight. Should be interesting. The H-Man
finally watched old school for the first time last night. It was great. This is my
My protg.
The H-Man can't believe Don Luffontaine the movie announcer guy died yesterday.
The world of movie trailers will never be the same.
The H-Man says goodbye to the announcer to almost every movie trailer, but says hello
To what looks to be a good weekend
This guy's got the greatest life I've ever
Is it I need this guy's life
Sage man is sailing this smooth sound I wake up every morning in a panic attack
This guy sky sky sky it's guys like the big Lebowski
Smooth sailing
The H-man needs to buy a new pair of shoes.
The H-man got rid of the muhawk. It was time.
The H-man really wants to go pick up new sneakers today.
The H-man hates the fact that he traveled all the way to, and I'm not going to say where,
only to be disappointed by the selection of weird shoes.
Then he uses a swear word, damn it.
I want comfort, not style.
The H-Man went and bought some shoes online.
If they don't fit, he can return them.
So far, so good.
The H-Man is chilling on this Sunday, perhaps organizing his room better, and just take
it easy.
The H-Man is watching the Jets game.
new for him. I gotta get this life. I'm serious. If I could press a button I would trade places
with this guy in a heartbeat. The H-Man had to do some reorganizing today and it worked.
The H-Man watched the Video Music Awards and has to say,
what the hell was that?
Russell Brand equals funny, but insanely controversial.
The H-Man hates this awful weather,
because that means he has to get his hoodie wet,
and also put pants on instead of shorts.
Man, seriously, H-Man,
I will trade places with you in one second.
The H-Man is finally gonna get to go to stop and shop
to add more things to his fridge and his wall.
Empty junk food boxes are always helpful if you have any.
The H-Man got a package slip in the mail today.
He hopes it's what he thinks it is.
The H-Man finally got the sneakers he ordered in the mail.
They came early, which is great, and they feel pretty nice as well.
The H-Man just woke up from a nap to find the old Facebook has been destroyed.
Honestly, what the hell was the reason?
The H-Man hates this muggy weather, cause the gnats come out and start biting the <E.D.>
out of his arms and flying around his face.
Then he uses another swear word, come on H-Man, keep it clean.
The H-Man thinks it's way too hot to do anything today.
to stay inside and chill. It's just doing a lot of chilling. The H man hates Sunday laundry
because everyone's doing it and the washing machines are basically always full. Damn.
Now here's where it gets perplexing. Here's where I might not want to trade places with this guy.
The H man is getting his own croquet mallet, comma finally. Was it a clockwork orange?
This guy has been croquet mallets so that hard to come by.
The H-Man is excited to get his mallet in the mail, the next update.
So apparently, this croquet mallet place does overnight shipping.
What did he pay, $35 to have the croquet mallet rush delivered?
Whatever it takes, get me that croquet mallet.
The H man is hopefully going to give blood tomorrow for the blood drive.
You should go if you can.
And H man, you will take over this show.
Not yet.
Not yet.
But you're getting there buddy.
You know what, this guy, I was talking to somebody about this.
This guy is going to get a book deal before me.
think this is poetry that this guy just wrote
fm you you're on the air
hey tom how you doing i'm doing all right who's this
it's mike in manhattan mike in manhattan how are you tonight
i'm pretty good this year in those up facebook updates made me relax
yes it's very meditative very common
like new-wage uh... although maybe that guy's got a steady supply of uh...
then actually something
i just think he's got it he's got it he's a little more you know what
he's got to figure out a little bit more
it
go learn from them
i could learn from him
i'm walking around the world like i mean i'm i'm in a living nightmare half the
time
and the a-man has it all figured out
i guess he's got uh...
the positive mental attitude
at the p.m.a
thank you buddy what can i do for you tonight
i just want to call and say hello
what you know
just want to know that uh...
and call in a while because i was in india
uh... for the past month and we've been listening to the podcast on the uh...
some of the worst trains and but that you've ever seen but
we got we got through it because of uh... because we have stuff to listen to
stuff to laugh at that thanks a lot
how you're welcome i'm glad you enjoyed the show how was india
You know, I don't know if I was a serious topic or not the yes, no
But I think if it was the topic was yes, no, huh? I give it a huh
It's just the wilderness
Really they
It threw you a little bit. Yeah, you know, it's like the most in any day
It's like most fascinating intriguing moment of the trip followed by the creepiest most off-putting moment of the trip
So, I mean we got, we got some good stories out of it.
We got attacked by a monkey.
Yeah, attacked by a monkey.
Yeah, yeah.
We went to a temple of the monkey.
And I guess the monkeys there aren't too friendly.
They're actually pretty vicious and scratched my cousin.
We had to get rabies shot.
She did.
I got lucky.
Creepers.
Yeah.
Thank goodness you're all right.
Yeah, I'm good. Make sure you appreciate the good old USA, I gotta tell you.
Not a bad country, right?
Oh, man. Anybody that complains? Go live in India.
Exactly. So I say, anybody who complains, get out, right?
You got it.
That's not a part of the rules here where you can complain.
Right.
Get out. If you don't like it, you know where to go, anywhere else but here.
It's a noise pollution when I hear it.
Exactly makes me furious
These ingrates
Get out
Thanks, buddy
Fm you you're on the air
Hey, Tom, how you doing? I'm doing all right. How are you tonight? I'm fine. And to whom am I speaking?
This is cotton for media. How are you cotton? I'm doing all right tonight. We'll kill you, but doing all right all right
How's that phone working for you? I can't complain. I can get in a better area. I think I can though
i'm sorry about that
sounds like you're eating a ball of rice krispies
uh... now i'm outside actually
okay
just in the cricket
maybe can you go closer to the base
uh... i'll do my best
anyway i have a uh... i have a nay
let's hear it
uh... are you know how uh...
they have this concept when you buy like a plastic bottle of soda
and there's a code underneath the cap of the soda
and you could go to the internet to look up the code on the photo
that that's that's just driving up because
like i mean invariably carry around a bunch of
bottle cap how much free time you got here seriously
uh... not what do you think you're going to win what do you think you get a new
car from that
exactly like if you know i think you can offer fifty cents yeah you're going to
get a pre-bottle photo you're going to get a beach towel that has their their
logo on it
so you're going to do more advertising for them he will
at the cheapest phone on earth
was sounded like he is it really sounded like
crock pot filled with uh... race krispies
two oh one two oh nine nine three six eight fm you you're on the air
a little tom
hi who's this
is cori
cori from
never just go how are you tonight Corey
wonderful and run by real quick you ready love it i'm ready
loose black swivel
loose black swivel evil yay
frank tv
nay
the buckingham
yay
right can i have some
you mean you want me to throw some at you
yeah and he didn't know how it works
yeah sure
uh...
it
mama's in the poppas
yay
the rock and tours
there's changing of the seasons
big yay
earlier come cost of living in san francisco
Hey, there you go. Thank you, buddy. Thanks, Corey
201 209 9368. I'm on the hook now. I got to come up with some of these things
I got nothing on that
I'll come up with some
the
subscribe to the podcast by the way
that show go to go over iTunes
sign up for it if you don't get the podcast
sign up for it the show needs so much help
we are on the ropes I look at these things on this I'm going to go to iTunes
right now and see where the show ranks
okay here
podcasts I think I actually accidentally just bought the new John Legend album
Trying to find this podcast. I think I just bought a John Legend album whoops
Okay, top comedy audio podcasts checking checking loading loading
Free fall happened again
Look at this, it's been a free fall.
Number 33.
Oh, and look at what's number, man.
Number 14, never funny with Jimmy Pardo.
Unbelievable.
Look, people like that show more power to him.
This shows a thousand times better than that though.
Sick that we would be eating their dust in any way shape or form
Come on help me out get your friends to sign up for it
Now I'm starting to taste the defeat in my mouth again
It's all I was feeling it. I was feeling good. I got my my air hockey game right it again
this week I was unstoppable. I defeated everybody I played. I'm good at
Foosball. I like a single goalie game though, not the three goalies. Yeah. You
were good? I was great at Foosball. I played for WFMU a bunch. We had a Foosball
table on the third floor
air hockey's my game now though
air-hockey
oh yeah yeah fm you're on the air
uh... mark from chicago i don't think i'm doing all right how are you mark
perfect you subscribe to the podcast
i do well i don't subscribe i do uh... listen to the podcast though
uh... subscribe would you
subscribe
well i think i don't know if you're worried about a bandwidth all of the
sudden
i think
i did not do that to him
honestly
god did that to him
god did that
thank you god
w f m u e star inch w x h d amount of worldwide on the worldwide web at w f m u
dot o r g look at these podcasts that were ahead of the best show the
smod cast kevin smith
Preston and steve tom like us christian comedy comedy podcast
paulin storm talk about some there's probably some filthy word that frosty
Heidi and Frank. Distorted view. Stephen Fry's pograms. Hey, we're back. Scotland's funny
bits. Scotland. I'm getting beat by a Scottish podcast. There's America. Keith and the girl.
The fools
I might be just time to pull the podcast might be time
Fm you you're on the air
Yes, this is Lawrence. What that this is added from Lauren. How are you? I wanted to do the yay or nay. Oh, let's do it
Yeah, yeah, we're in
Yeah, yeah, nay or a okay here. We go ready. Yeah hit me
What?
The Bee Gees.
The Bee Gees.
Yay.
Okay.
The faces.
Yay.
Okay.
The faulty towers.
Yay.
Oh.
Alright.
Let's see.
How about Fringe?
Fringe?
The new TV show.
I didn't see it yet.
I didn't see it yet.
I haven't seen it yet.
OK, I haven't either.
So that's a NA.
That's not applicable.
That's fine.
All right.
OK, that's what I have then.
Thanks, buddy.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, Tom, how you doing?
I'm doing all right.
Who's this?
This is Tim and Milwaukee.
I'm sick to my stomach.
I feel actually physically ill after looking
at that podcast ranking.
Well, OK, you said that.
thirty three
i've tried to describe one and it's garbage like it
to which one
steven fry
pogram's of course it is
it's just him talking
for a half an hour about
random things that have
no relevant to my life at all i'm getting beat by a podcast called uh...
yet dude
well the kids like that kind of lingo i think
with a guy named jonathan lara cat
not john larry kett
you know what if your name is jonathan larry kett and you're going to do
anything in the entertainment business
middle initial that thing
maybe he's related
i don't care
he's beating he's beating the best show podcast
yeah and picture them too
this is sick
and they think i'm scoop
i'm in a bad mood now
the best of chris moyles
what's that
was chrism while i don't know but he's beating me
russell brand
that guy that uh... the the the polish or dude
yet that english uh...
lacquer charmed him right
yeah it is the same charmed polish or had
but english therefore yeah
yeah british polish or that's just what everybody wanted
what are they going to do in c no chap
well but with more uh...
because i thought issues
added to the
array of comedic
bullets we're going to play this game or uh... let's do it buddy
you have got it
uh... three things for you yes yes here we go and apple express
pineapple express yay
uh... the new wire album
i did not heard it yet
but for wire in general yay
yeah right
uh... in the last one was um...
and i think i'm done
thanks buddy
fm you you're on the air
this is next morning so you don't know it how are you
i'm doing pretty good uh... i've uh...
me and from your name is
for you let's hear it
um... girl talk
and
justice
justice being what the the concept
no i'm the
difficult club and
and i'm not applicable i don't know them
and
uh... burn after reading
yay
kite i liked it a lot did you like it
i have not yet i would like it to watch it
good stuff i liked it
well thank you
thank you
if i'm here you're on the air
he's on it's uh... jose and ciada you don't know if you're doing all right
joe
i'm ready to play the game you know your voice reminds me of somebody else though
you remember clark who called
park no i'm i know the name to remember the calls i think clark's ban is over
i think is one-year ban has ended
if somebody can contact clark who was the name of his podcast mike
moose radio or something
venison stew
so if somebody could contact clark tell him you're welcome back to the best
show clark
tom like us getting thumped by tom like us
sick
one of the sticks in my car the most is this never
not funny thing
yeah i'm in there
i subscribe
to what my the podcast
i actually subscribe on uh... your rss feed in the podcast on itunes and
now all of it thank you
and the words
thank you for life
but let's do the cable to do you have any for me to watch out
okay well
for a good and you for me
do i have any for you
yes uh... alice cooper
uh...
Okay, I'll just go that's fine. Okay, pinball. Yay. Science fiction. Yay. Psychics.
Nay. Monkey's attacking that guy earlier. Yay. Double yay.
a bottle of water nay Sarah Palin nay hey and they got one that's kind of
pandering a little bit to the FOT truck pets
They love it. They love that. More power to them now. More power to them.
Right squeaky? Yes. Ain't that right squeaky? FM you're on the air. Yeah, this is the guy
that god hung up on just a couple minutes ago right
how's it going to go right how are you tonight
uh... he had got something for the topic let's hear it
well it's a yay i've got a yay
uh... it's your heave ho
i like it much better than get off my phone
so do i think
i think he was fantastic so just keep it up
thank you get it if you want get off my phone had its place
yeah
heave ho's no it was fun i mean
it's what dot is
I don't know what he would be, but where'd you go?
I like it.
Heave? Oh, I love it.
It's good, right?
Yeah. Thanks, young man.
Have a good evening.
You have a great evening.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, Tom. Hey, who's this?
It's Mike in Waterloo, Ontario.
Mike in Waterloo, Ontario.
How are things in Ontario tonight?
Things are pretty good.
What's the closest major city you are near?
uh... i previously call them on from hamilton but i'm going to go on a lot of
now so you know hamilton toronto
all pretty close how often do you make the trip into a toronto
uh...
more my dad to be there from hamilton actually
he's been doing it for about twelve years
how far is that commute
it's about an hour hour drive but sometimes drive to like burlington and
takes a train you know let's look at a little bit
you know
Um, how's school? How's school going?
Uh, it's pretty good. I'm in second year.
I actually played football, but I did football first year.
I kind of got away from academics a little bit.
So coming back second year, concentrating on that,
and then trying to get back into football after that.
Good. Who's that in the background?
It's one of my housemates, actually.
When your housemates?
Yeah.
Yeah, in the house in Waterloo here, I got a buddy from Sault Ste. Marie, up in Northern Ontario, a friend from Georgetown, a friend from Ottawa, Cambridge, and me.
Wow! You got a good crab there.
Nice little mix.
Yeah. Tell that goon to zip it.
Oh, he's gone, yeah.
Sorry.
I heard you talking about iTunes earlier, and I'm also a subscriber.
Good.
Good.
I enjoy it.
Good.
Um, but I'd wondered if you could, uh, supply, so I don't really have, uh, a yay, nay, or,
eh, but, uh, I wonder if you could supply, like, a Weezer-esque style, uh, approach
to the, uh, picture of Metallica in the iTunes store for Death Magnetic.
They're all wearing sunglasses, and they all got these weird smiles and I think Head
Field's kind of like screaming and smiling at the same time, and my heart's all right.
Yeah, I'm gonna go over it.
Looks kind of.
So we go to just Metallica's main, uh, page?
No, I think it's just like well for me. It's on just the main like store web page like you may be in the music part
There's like a like posters, you know the bigger pictures
Looking now. Oh
I see this picture is it them like it still looks like they're like they're against like a yeah
It looks like the picture was taken by on Anton Corbin
Corbin
Definitely yeah
And you know I don't know what's the deal with all the sunglasses and like
I don't like this I've said it look I've said it a hundred and one times I got
no place for Metallica in my life I am an I am an adult I have two children's
it's children's music if I'm a mad look if I'm mad at my my math teacher sure
that stuff flies yeah I mean I'm out of school I'm an adult I don't have to
worry about math teachers anymore or uh... the vice principal
catching me uh... uh... you know uh... uh... eating cookies in the in the in
my uh... the whole way
uh... you know
you know it's okay the this is music for kids who are mad that the uh... the
soda machine in the school
uh... it doesn't amount to do in it anymore at the home monitor exactly
it's music for it's music for dumb people
i think we can agree
heavy metal
is music for the dumbest people on earth
i can still would agree with you
i myself have a different perspective i i enjoy metal from europe
uh...
germany finland which is
you know it's it's it's a i don't want to say to different kind of metal but
compared to metallic i it's uh...
it's a hundred times better yeah so you like you what it
you're pretty much what uh... i'd say like uh... like death metal from a lot of
death metal
um... i like some folk stuff
even like i don't know if there's even a branch called viking matter like what
i have to say
but you you are no different
then the metallic a fan you are
and again don't take this personally
you're creepier than a metallic a fan
because you think you're smarter
and you're listening to this weird stuff sung in a different language
that you have no idea what you're listening to
either the way it's on
It's it's you know, it's worse than Metallica the stuff you listen to
It just is
It's worse than Metallica and
It's it's really you should be way past this music. Okay, so it's a huge nay, then I assume you it's the biggest nay
You can have
Heavy metal death metal. It's all met anything with the word metal in it
Yeah, well, yeah, no, you're right.
Well, do the bands you like go, whoa, right?
Yeah, some of them, yeah, there's screaming here.
Some of them have that keyboard sound in it, too.
Yep, yep.
That insane keyboard.
Or somehow that's like, like, what dimwit in the scheme of what metal is added a keyboard
to it?
Yeah, I guess because when speed comes into it and you say, oh, if I can make a keyboard
sound like a guitar and I can keep up with it, you know, it just makes it different and
cooler.
Sounds like I'm stuck.
It sounds like I'm stuck at Sam Ash when I hear that sound.
Yeah.
No, I know what you mean.
Yeah.
That is the worst, seriously.
The worst three musics on earth.
Number three, the blues.
It's number one country.
Number two, doo-wop.
Okay, number one metal and the wall metal one a yes, okay, because
And again you sound like the nicest guy I've ever spoken to
Thank you timeless, sir
but
Metal fans are complete
complete
idiots as
Dumb I mean as dumb they wouldn't even be able to follow the word dumb right that they would that's how dumb they are
Fair enough sir.
Be like, what's this word, dumbba?
Dumber.
What do you mean?
That's how they would see the word dumb written out and think it's dumbba.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
That's how dumb they are.
Oh, yeah.
Who's so mad at?
Do something about it.
So mad.
Gotta go, I got a, I got a, I got a yell, about it on a dumb record.
It's all technical, too.
It's all technical.
It's like Steely Dan for dumb people.
It's all technical.
Hey, check out what this guy did on the Double Toms.
I don't care.
Dumb.
Dumb, dumb, dumb.
uh...
thank you
you have a great night young man and i apologize
for putting you in this uh... uncomfortable uh... position
no no
problem
your poor euro you're a young man you're you're a canadian and i have an
affinity for the people of canada
the nicest people i've ever met
thank you very much
i see as well well uh... bread people
well-mannered
you have a good night
you too
sorry i had to say it like that
but the guy's trying to draw some distinction
between metallic and the and the metal he likes
all the same
fm you you're on the air
hey tom how's it going that's going to write who's this
uh... that's a new one
how are you tonight matt
i'm doing all i got three quick one for the topic did you make it through
everything okay with the hurricane
uh... yes i did good that came back to a house that was exactly that i left it
good
good i'm glad you've had enough suffering
thanks uh... that's really funny you just mentioned uh... delete and that was
my first one year and and
nay
uh... how about the movie boogie night
and then the real world road rules challenge
nay
Well that's all I've got, thanks a lot.
Thank you, and I'm glad you're doing all right, buddy.
All right, have a good night.
Hi.
201, 209, 9368.
So I was reading online, as I want to do,
that this guy, Jack White, from the White Stripes,
where is this?
This thing drove me nuts.
He's mad.
He's all mad because he did a theme for the upcoming James Bond movie.
he's mad because it got uh... lumped in with a uh... coca-cola commercial
where is it where is it where is this article
i read it at this news site uh... pitchfork
just kinda like a uh...
thing it's like the cnn of music or something
where is it
this guy whining
let's find it
there's an article on the uh... ted leo record again people tedley in the
pharmacists have a uh...
uh... new e p over the touch-and-go records
uh... dot com
you go check out it's a it's for charity
to help uh... people who got injured
during the republican national convention
i can't find this stupid thing
research
jack white
here it is
jack white
jal he says in a statement uh...
jack white was commissioned by sony pictures to write a theme song for the
james blonde film quantum of solace
not for coca cola
because i guess it was used in a coke zero ad
any other use of the song is based on decisions made by others not by jack white
we're disappointed that you first heard the song of copromotion for coke zero
rather than its entirety
yes so this guy uh...
apparently this the genius
didn't think that that song he did for sony
for a james bond movie
he said he's mad that it uh... it came out uh...
they put it out with a co-commercial
you know you're not doing the music for uh... for uh...
you know uh... uh... you're not doing the music for one of those uh...
uh... wimpy wimp core movies
or whatever those things are
those sad sacks filming each other uh...
dragging a couch uh... across the country or whatever it is
You and a James Bond thing, of course you're going to link it up with a coke commercial.
Guy wants it every which way, he's got no problem doing it, he's got no problem taking
that coke money, having his music all over the thing.
Now oh, came out before you got to hear the song and it's entire, and you're right they
should have put the coke commercial out two months after the movie came out, because that's
how movie promotions go.
You'll let the film get into theaters and then you generally start promoting it after the fact
There's a bully and a thug
It's a creep too treated Jim Diamond horribly
Let's throw him a little bit of money this guy with his Coke money now
Can't just settle out a deal fair and square sick FM you you're on the air
Hello, this is Matt from Lawrence.
Matt from Lawrence, Lawrence, Kansas?
Yes.
How are things in Lawrence, Kansas tonight?
Uh, pretty good.
It's kind of quiet and calm.
It's nice.
All right.
Kind of mellow.
Yeah, I guess.
What can I do for you tonight, Matt?
I had two things for the topic.
Oh, let's hear it.
Uh, the TV show, Rome.
Rome?
Yeah.
Mike loves Rome.
I've only seen a little bit of it and I'm gonna say yeah and Stephen King Stephen
King nay yeah yeah he's uh yeah he's no good you wrote back Stevie what your
uncle Stevie as he calls himself in the atrocious things he writes for
entertainment weekly yeah I've read some of those things they're pretty bad
aren't they they're the worst he tries to like seeing kind of cool for all the
people reading it or everything what does this guy have against trees
yeah no seriously
did a did a tree kill his family
and then he vowed revenge on trees
for the rest of his life by writing it at nine hundred books
to try to kill every tree on earth
right
thank you
Get it right in the books that fast.
That's the metal of books, that guy.
That's the heavy metal of books.
Oh man, they read the stands, 800 pages long.
So 800 terrible pages.
Hey that book wasn't easy to read.
FM, you're on the air.
Hey, what's happening?
How much, man?
What's up with you?
Nothing.
That Stephen King talk got me all stimulated.
Remember that movie?
I don't think it was a book.
I think it was just a movie that he made.
It was called Maximum Overdrive.
What an 18-wheeler started taking over.
was a classic movie. You know what? You're right. I'm upgrading Stephen King from
nay to eh just because of that movie he directed maximum overdrive where all
the appliances came to life. And Emilio Estovich is Gene. He was good in that.
Yeah yeah that's awesome. You like that? Yeah that was good that was good but I
liked that but I was calling in about Roy you know I very much enjoy your
program but I'm a Roy fan and last week it was very comical when it's talking
about uh... nancy wilson in the hotel
uh...
lobby there with the carhood and at the baseball hat
and a football helmet on
yes nobody was my mind how one could get that off but i think we're going to do
it
there's only one fully boy roy
there's only one of them and he can he makes these things happen
he's like a magical uh...
he's like Santa Claus
in a while he's like the Santa Claus of creepiness
wow that's hard-core right
thank you
how are you well what's going where you call from young man
uh... right now and and uh... where my record for new jersey okay
yeah i'm just driving home
finished up my work and i'm
join your program here very much and
and i'm just getting ready for a while my
if he's calling in this week that we find out all of them he knows the number
you had over the tiktok right
downroot three
your russa for
yeah i'm on route three right now actually you can go there get a get
something to eat
now i'm gonna go home my sister made some food for me
right that's better home cook food it beats a diner food any day of the week
yeah
what they lie at the tiktok down and they said they got the world's best dessert
now that's not the truth
they got a better dessert all the way down on forty six at the other diner
but that's like almost a hundred eighty degrees in the other direction from the
tiktok
you're going to read you get mad at that huh
Yeah, I think it's called the first time restaurant or something like that.
I don't, I'm not dumb here.
Oh, no, I'm not from there.
I'm not like a chef in the back of nothing.
So you know the diner that actually does have the world's best dessert?
Oh, yeah.
And like, I'd be old watching the Food Network programs, and I'm really hot that no one
goes over there and says like, oh, yeah, this is the best dessert.
Like we've been telling our people lives the whole time.
What is your favorite dessert, Mike wants to know?
Oh, chocolate cream pie.
Chocolate cream pie?
yeah i get chocolate cake it depends on the place you know most of the time you
get cheesecake with some kind of bad fruit in the can on it but
it's got to be chocolate cream pie been all over and
it's really you know it's the chocolate cream pie sometimes some lemon meringue
when no one's looking but mostly chocolate
when no one's looking what what are you afraid of getting called out on it or
something
you know i don't know who's out there nowadays tmz might put me up there some
old it's always even lemon meringue pie
i'm like oh no myself my family
And what is your name again?
Harry.
Harry?
Yeah.
Like Harry Potter.
Yes, like Harry Potter.
I know.
I didn't have a problem with the name Harry.
I've heard that name before.
I'm going to tell you right now, Harry.
You are right now you are in just the mass of callers.
You're no different than any other caller who dialed
201-209-9368.
Until this moment, I'm sliding you up.
putting an asterisk next to your name I want you to keep calling oh man that's
tremendous thank you so much now you go and eat that food that your sister made
I will and you thank her you thank her for that food I will right away sir thank
you you have a good night drive safely
Okay. FMU, you're on the air. Hi Tom. Hi, who's this? This is Maya. Maya from? I'm
living in Brooklyn. In Brooklyn. What part of Brooklyn? That bush. Well, how's that going
for you? I like it out here. How long have you been in Brooklyn? Since 2001. And when
And where did you move from?
New Rochelle.
All right.
So you're from New York.
Yeah, I'm a wistice tree, I...
So what can I do for you tonight, Maya?
I would like to play yay, nay, eh.
I'm ready.
Buttonfly jeans.
Meh.
Too nay.
There's some more dropping that right in the middle.
Yeah, I know me too.
I'm going to nay on that.
Buttonfly, nay.
Okay.
Starlight mints that you get at the diner, the swirly ones.
Yeah, mayonnaise, nay, striped dogs, striped dogs. Yeah. Yay. My dog. Absolutely fabulous.
I'm going to go somewhere in between and yay. Okay. Party games. Party games. In general.
Party. Like what kind of party games? Like pen, the talent of donkey, charades, taboo,
Taboo what's that dictionary whatever what have you what's taboo yeah see I don't
know Parker brothers party games yay I'm gonna say yay really walking up the
escalator yay really well you mean a broken escalator no I'm moving one it's
like looking gift horse in the mouth why exerts that energy it's like you know
my own technology people got places to go for it man it's like jogging in the
Elevator people got places to go. I mean too, but they don't get there much faster than me
They just like they do they're walking they're walking twice as fast. You walk up the escalator
You're cooking
You're like Babe Ruth going around the bases and that weird footage from when when did Babe Ruth play baseball in the 1870s
I don't know he wasn't exactly trucking
I mean watch that old footage. You've been getting around watch that old footage that guy was off like a rocket
What's that old footage at the Nickelodeon?
Yes.
Well, Mike is doing a presentation, it's called Old Timey Footage.
He's going to have all the early planes that crashed.
He's got an extra, he's got a rarity of the guy.
You know the plane that had the eight wings that collapsed when it tried to take off?
Yes, yes.
He's got 15 seconds of unseen footage of that plane.
Really, where is he going to project it?
He's going to be projecting it in the Times Square subway.
Oh, I'm there.
Yes.
How's it going to get dark enough?
Well, whatever.
He'll figure it out, I'm sure.
He's a friend of his is going to blow all the power out in the place.
Stop every, it's a stop every subway.
He's going to flip the switch.
Yeah, it's like the taking of Pelham 1, 2, 3.
Oh, okay.
It's going to be great.
I'm there.
They're remaking that movie too.
Did you know that?
No, I didn't know that.
You know who's playing the Martin Balsam role in it? It's very disappointing. You know who Andy Milonakis is?
Yeah, no, no, I think he's all suited to it though. I couldn't believe it. Is it not?
Or is he from Queens? I think it is his home turf. You're right. Maybe I'm being unfair to Andy Milonakis
Well, I'm just saying I'm sure he's got range. We all do. He's got the range. Andy Milonakis has range
I'm just giving him the benefit of this out.
We're working at a driving range.
I don't know.
Thank you for calling Maya.
It's been a pleasure.
You have a great night.
You too.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey Tom, pray for Wehock and I have some questions for you that you can give the answer
towards for yay nay or eh.
Well let's try it real fast.
I had the new Microsoft commercials with Sidefout and Bill Gates.
Nay.
I watched that thing. It was like two minutes in like a shoe store
You get weird Jerry Seinfeld with his weird melting face
He looks like he looks like a melting version of the guy from Seinfeld like does everything's hanging droopy on his face
walking around these jokes
That just are so out of date and like like he thinks he's being clever with it, and they're like just like
And it built gates
like I don't want nothing I want nothing this guy sells Bill Gates junk junk I
got by I got a word for Mac yeah I'm trying to convert some works documents
from from PC to Mac this guy this guy abandoned works like he was like he
was kissing people off to to lock them in the in the tomb of the Faroe
What am I talking about?
Let's go let's go forward
There's also another side folk commercial out there. They just came out the other day, but it's late as well
The second one have is the Arnold Palmer the half iced tea half lemonade yay. Yeah, good good choice
Thank you
The third one is all the coverage of the Lehman bird brothers
uh...
controversy their bankruptcy that were warranted that to be it on every
television to go to
yet so you're saying that that we that that should not have been covered
now not to that extent like you know
where it's all over the place
you're right why why should there be uh...
full coverage of the collapse of the american economy
well what's this guy want to know another story about uh...
sarah palin's uh... uh...
uh... kayak
fact she's going through with those dogs uh... doing uh...
doing the i did a rod
go on to another story on that
just that just one of the uh...
ten-pole institutions in America collapsing.
Yeah, it's not, yeah, I'm tired of this.
Fine, you're going out of business.
What else is going on?
Where's some stuff I want to hear about Chad Johnson
changing his name?
To Ocho Cinco.
Hmm.
Remember we were doing the worst song in history thing and we decided at one
point years ago we decided it was The Loadout by Jackson Brown and that was
trumped a couple years later by Porcupine Pie by Neil Diamond. Mike went into the
archives and found this song called Cowboy Star by Ambrosia which again what
What was he doing listening to deep cuts by ambrosia?
It was an experiment.
I think I found a song that's up to, I don't know if it's as bad as cowboys.
Our cowboys star was truly horrendous, but this song is really bad in its own right.
It's from a mamas and papas album.
The Momma's and the Papa's album called People Like Us from 1971, this is when the Momma's
and the Papa's had clearly, if you want any idea of how bad this album is, how unfocused
it is, the picture of the Momma's and the Papa's, Momma Cass is playing cards in the
picture. Like clearly it's the four of them sitting around the studio. John Phillips looks
insane in it. In this album, you know that that awesome mama's in the papa sound where
it's kind of like kind of like, that's kind of like a like a little bit of the LA thing,
bit of San Francisco. Definitely there's like a you know some songs have like a
almost like a Phil Spectorish thing going on like I saw her today. Listen to
the sound on this record. This is one of the worst sounding records.
That's not it.
People like us, there's so much in love
What is that?
Yes, it's a rocker.
This is a song called Pacific Coast Highway.
Sounds like the Brady Bunch.
This song is called Snow Queen of Texas, which gives you an idea where their heads might have been.
If you go to Houston be quiet as a mouse guy from classics 4 was
laughing like he's like laughing at how wimpy this is this record is he like
this new classics 4 record blows his mama's in the pompous thing out of the
the water.
This is insane, this record doesn't play a song called European Blue Boy.
still not the worst song on the record the worst song is this song called the
The final song on the album, track 12, blueberries for breakfast, blueberries for breakfast.
And let's take a listen.
I just want to stop for a second, he said a lot, yes, he said butterflies in my trousers.
We're not that deep into the song yet.
The bear is born, bear is born, breakfast and love in the afternoon
What a fly is in my trousers, under the harvest moon
Drive it to the airport, when will it's time to go?
I'm checked, the weather will come, they say it will not snow
And all the plans can come out and go
But I'll find the ceiling is too low
So you can't cook
Food is long, fairies, but at first
Probably at the end of the world
And we have two new butterflies in my trousers
Under the August world
Her New York park got rain, burning just a little too bright
And having fireflies never make it through the night
Oh my, she came out all night
Through the darkness, see your eyes, shining bright
I'm gonna have to call the cops if you don't leave me alone stop waiting at the bus stop
what was that I'm gonna have to call the cops I gotta go back
I'm gonna have to call the cops if you don't leave me alone stop waiting at the
bus stop trying to walk me home like there's one of these albums that has
like where it's like it's clearly these the 60s coming undone these guys are
like it's like we just got a cooler down man like they make the mellowist
record of their career and the songs are creepier than anything than anyone has
ever done like these songs are just like bubbling over with like weird like drug
dealers on the run snow Queen of Texas going to Paris European blue boy every
song is about just like running away and the melting down and collapsing but
done with the mellowest, the mellowest music you've ever heard.
The FBI, the CIA, you know they'll never leave you alone.
Okay, I get it here.
Stop waiting at the bus stop, trying to walk me home.
The FBI, the CIA, you know they'll never leave you alone.
The FBI, the CIA, you know they'll never leave you alone.
So there you go, there's a great weird coke delusion.
See that guy looking at us?
It's a CIA agent, man.
It's a CIA agent.
I told you we got to get rid of this stuff.
And I will cut you to the wall.
What was this like the Manson family?
One came out bike
So where are we at in terms of the worst song I don't think I don't think that beats cowboy star
But it's a it's a contender. I think this might grow on people though. Blueberries for
breakfast. Blueberries for breakfast. Loving the afternoon. Butterflies in my trousers.
The FBI, the CIA, they never gonna leave you alone. And I'm gonna cut you to the bone.
Stop walking me home from the bus stop.
FMU, you're on the air.
I'm on the air already?
Yes, you are.
Alright, I got a couple for you.
What's your name? My name is Peter.
Peter from California. What part of California in Peter?
I'm in Oakland, California. Oakland, proud city, right?
That's right. Who's the biggest hero
to ever come out of Oakland in your opinion.
The biggest hero to come out of Oakland.
Yes.
Um, let's see.
I mean, MC Hammer.
That's a good one.
Jesse Thorne.
Jesse Fuller.
Yeah, man.
so let's play the game
uh...
number one uh... joe versus volcano
and
all right
drinking beer in the shower
nay
couple of that jogs together hold on a say
have you ever when was the last time you drank beer in the shower
last time i can be in the shower uh... maybe a month ago in my opinion it's
probably
one of the best things about being an adult
well why why were you were you such a rush
what's that
we're in a rush you try to slip and fall
no it's a it's complete leisure
complete leisure you know it leisure means
though right
inform me
well i did i can tell you what it doesn't mean
it does it doesn't mean
melding to separate things together like that that it kind of just uh... speaks
to uh...
someone having some sort of collapse
was a lot of what what what do you know is that you're in Las Vegas
so in european and like drinking beer
well you're usually done sitting down and you sound bad first of all you're
saying you're opinion
beer should be drank sitting down
Are you drunk right now?
You're drunk right now, right?
And I'm not judging, but you're just to say, yes, you are drunk.
Yes, I am drunk?
Yeah.
I'm working on it.
You're getting there, right?
Yeah, I'm getting there.
So are you in such a rut, do you like set the beer down
and then pick the soap up?
It's not even a, yeah.
You have like suds on a side?
It's not even about being in a rush, you know?
Yeah, I'll set the beer down, do what I need to do.
i'll pick it up when i'm just like enjoying the hot water and you're not
worried about like getting soap inside your beer
or like warm water in it
no in fact that kind of what makes it so awesome is like though the warm the
warm water rushing all over your body the cold beer going down
well how many times have you done this
Oh, I've probably done it several dozen times.
And do you have other friends who do this?
Sure.
Who did it first?
Oh, God, I don't know who did it first, you know?
I did it without anyone telling me about it.
OK, so it wasn't like something that you got turned on to.
No.
But I turned people on.
You tumbled to this on your own, right?
You should try it.
Yeah, I should.
you're right
in the afternoon
in the after sure
i'm always home in the middle of the afternoon
i'm not going to ask them that
what
way did i did i already
use up all of my question oh no no are you you are fascinating
we're going to stay on to eleven twenty we're going right into evidence show
with this
Okay, what about the print, any who?
Nay.
What about bubble bath?
Bubble bath?
Yeah.
Nay.
What do you like doing, you like shooting up in a bubble bath?
Never tried it.
Do you recommend it?
No, I don't recommend it.
You're having a meltdown, and you don't even know it.
Drink it beer in the shower.
You got it? You know, don't knock it until you try it.
No, I will knock it.
I will never try it, but I'm definitely going to knock it.
Alright, I got one last one for you.
Let's hear it.
Dunk and donuts coffee.
Hey, nice mouth, you drunkard.
Toilet mouth.
Sick.
Sick.
Hey, here's a shocker.
is going to surprise a lot of you
the guy who was talking about
how he's that he drinks beer in the shower
cursed on the air
i know
i know
who would have thought that that i would have been able to control himself
speaking of not being able to control yourself
The next show that comes up is the Evan Funk Davey Show.
And he's got, we all know the guy who did the song
make me lose control, the great Eric Carmen.
Tonight, have you seen his drunk footage yet?
Him stumbling outside the car?
Evan is going to do the first part of what he was saying
a 25-part special, Eric Harmon, what happened? He's going to speak to the
arresting officer tonight and he's going to speak to one of the members of the
raspberries about the meltdown of Eric Harmon and then he's going to play a
series of prank phone calls that he made to Eric Harmon back when the dirty
dancing soundtrack came out. He's been sitting on these for 20 years. So if you
want to hear Eric Harmon get pranked. All these hungry eyes pranks he worked up.
Get ready. Oh, another best show in the books. Just goes like that, huh? Three
hours, there goes the mirth, there goes the music, there goes the mayhem, off into the
sunset. But, but, we will be back next week. Go to friendsatom.com, sign up, register,
you can vote on the election to see who will be the mayor of Newbridge, couple more weeks
on the polls you can vote every day friends at tom.com go to iTunes and sign
up for the podcast of this show we are sinking like a stone humiliating but
most importantly stay tuned Evan Funk Davies the thrill ride is about to go
to a different level with his special Eric Harmon tribute. He will also have on talking
about this. He's going to have an exciting interview with two guys from the NAS. I have
no idea why. I think he confused them with Eric Harmon's band back from the sixties.
I saw Evan Pland has got an exciting CD and the CD player now, keeping the Beach Boys
theme going. Attention Ricky Fattar fans. Get ready completed. Hey who's favorite
Beach Boys song is sale on sale. Raise your hand if that's your favorite
Beach Boys song. What? The one song sung by none of the
Wilson's CD one will take us there thank you everybody thank you Mike for your
brave work tonight and we will be back next week