Hey, who's this?
I am by the trail of Governor Valvin.
Hi, it's Gerald from Hunter.
Tom Sharpling, Governor of Party.
Hey, Tom, it's Purple Tour.
Hey, Tom, it's Mark Michaels.
This is Richard Clark, Richard Clark.
What's your name?
Baron.
Baron.
The two fire cry Maurice Kurt Horrifying
Hey, Thomas Bruce
Johnny, who's this?
Genji Vitus
Genji Vitus
Yes, they have ringed below me at the Wawa, I guess who would
I hate you
It's Peter
Hey, it's Steinberg
Mm-hmm
You are creepy and I'm hanging upon you
Boing
Roger Depp
My name is Ollie Fairnock
I'll say it, you'll hear it, you'll do it
I'll get it, you'll learn it
I'll live with it and you'll die without it
Smash your trash
There's a call to call
Good day
What's up, Thomas? It's Tristan.
Hey, it's Michelle.
Yeah, Tom, this is Jim Riffle. How you doing?
When I get to do the toilet talk now.
The vaudeville of the new century.
My name is Tom Riley. I'm calling from New Zealand.
Hey, man, it's Brian.
Ted, no, no, that's a tent pole. It's a tent pole show.
Hey, this is Ted Lea.
Whaaaaaat?
This is Pete from the Future.
Hi, Tom, it's DJ Terry Chase.
Hey, from Knoxville.
Super caller.
It's Officer Tom.
My name is Mike Zajak.
Get off my phone. I don't care.
Hey, this is if he can, man.
I'm going to go to bed now, by far.
Hey, Tom, it's Gordon.
Hey, Gordon, how are you?
I was in a band in the early 90s.
My name is Jerry Page.
Tom, why do you listen to Jeffrey Ludell?
It's a fat, diseased, wilder, right at night, isn't it?
The disenfranchised have a home now.
I'm the hero of the disenfranchised.
This is the night, eight o'clock, yeah, yeah
It's just your act, cause it's time to talk, yeah
Because it's a commercial, I'm totally left, man, you're the best show
Don't you care about me?
Don't you care about me?
All of you left back near the loved, the mexial
Don't you left me, the pexial
Don't you left me, the poor mexial
Don't you left me, the pack should
Don't you left me, the alonescMIE
Themed Green an GO
Oh, you'll be with your eyes down, just make it crazy, with your crown
You'll be with your ears, and then you'll have to find in the winter to fear
So
We're going to be doing the best we can in the world.
We're going to be doing the best we can in the world.
So
We're going to make it to the end of the day
We're going to make it to the end of the day
I'm not here, I feel my love, yet it be hot, don't mind being wrong
Now I
If you play the guitar
there will be ways The new man comes back
back
So is it8
Dude, help you
Give me my clothes
Now I am our friend
okay
hmmm
I understand
you better
yeah
yeah
Sweeeeeeeeeeeeee
Seize and be that blue
Seize and be that blue
This is the first time I've ever seen
I've never seen it before
I've never seen it before
I've never seen it
I've never seen it before
I've never seen it before
See you in the blue, see you in the blue
See you in the blue, see you in the blue
What am I?
No more
Can't breathe that burn
No more can't breathe that burn
No more can't breathe that burn
No more can't be that bad
No more can't be that bad
No more can't leave that world
No more can't leave that world
No more, can't breathe, ever
Try less, ever, ever
Walk you through an empty house, tears me my eyes
Here is where the story ends, this is goodbye
Knowing me, knowing you, uh-huh
There is nothing we can do, knowing me, knowing you
We just have to face it this time, please
Mary
We're winning all the way
And it's all familiar, children would play
Now there's only emptiness, nothing to say
Knowing me, knowing you
There is nothing we can do
Know it me, know it you
We just have to face it this time
Please, I lose my way
Raking up is never easy
I know what I have to do
Oh, this time I know it me, know it you
It's the best I can do
No, it means knowing you There is nothing we can do
Knowing me, knowing you
We just have to face it this time
With you
Breaking up is never easy
I know what I have to do
I know, knowing me, knowing you
It's the best I can do
You
Tills on your back, man, return to ransom, a point of the thing and else, tears on cancer.
When that is over, time to take over.
While others just talk and talk
Somebody is watching where the others don't walk
When time is over
Oh boy, so the shed says that it's been blown
You don't step back as you expected
Cause otherwise they're unprotected
Clam time is over
Time to take over
While others just start getting done
Somebody's watching where the others don't walk
Clam time is over
Oh, it's not good to be true, good to you, I could write it here to everybody's
How did it come as foolish, faking lovers late?
We saved the game forever
My time is over
Time to take over
While I was just talking talk
Some love is watching when it others don't walk
Glantowns of a man
WFMU, you're on the air.
Hi Tom.
Hi who's this?
My name's Sean.
Sean how you doing tonight? Good. How are you Tom? I'm doing okay
You don't sound too good. I've been sick for a few weeks and
Yeah, I'm not sure if it's time for you to come back on the area
What's that?
I'm not sure if it's time for you to come back on the area. Why's that?
You you don't sound like
You're at hundred percent
I'll sound like I'm a hundred percent.
I'm in a weak state, so you don't think I should have come back this week?
No, I think your health comes down.
It's more important than anything else.
Get off my phone!
How dare you?
You're not going to tell me I'm not ready.
Come back yet.
I'm back!
I'm back!
Let's show it back!
And it just makes no way to listen to the
My show!
Double U, F and U
My show!
Double U, F and U
My show!
Double U, F and U
My show!
I want to do it, I don't want to do this.
I don't want to do this tonight.
I don't, I don't, I don't.
No, no, no.
All right, go.
I don't want to go without you.
Go on, do it.
Play that one.
I'm not doing that.
I got no say in the matter.
I'm not doing that.
I'm not doing that.
I didn't think I'd do that.
I didn't think I'd do that.
Hey everybody, best shown WFMU back for another Tuesday night installment.
My name is Tom Sharpling.
I'm the host of tonight's episode, which is entitled A New Regime.
That's right.
We just heard from Elvis Costello and the attractions.
From his album Get Happy, we heard clown time is over.
Before that ABBA, from the ABBA box, from the Arrival album, knowing me knowing you.
Right, not a skip.
That was not a skip.
The straight up message.
For that, from Labit Bespoke 3.
Not one, not two, but three.
We heard Douglas with Sijia Bouvet moi.
I'm the circle label as always a couple of ladies on this record wearing sunglasses
not unlike mine that everybody in McCarran Park made fun of me for wearing you make fun
of them if they walk through McCarran Park now you know you make fun of it they had like
a mangy dog and wearing a gas station shirt starting us off Funkadelic from the
maggot brain album super stupid send that up to Mike wanted to hear that good
call Mike who's on the phone
Song request, all right. Sounds intriguing.
Song request.
What's your song? Did he say what song yet?
I like to play a request now and then.
Keep somebody happy.
Young man wants to hear a song, I'll play it for him.
FMU you're on the air. Hey Tom, how's it going? Oh it's going alright, who's this?
This is Alvaro from Westchester PA. Alvaro from Westchester PA, what song do you want to hear Alvaro?
Born with a tail, well water conspiracy? You know I think we have that in the MP3 library. I don't, I think somebody loaded the well water conspiracy stuff and you're a big fan of them?
Oh, yeah, yeah, that's good stuff brother. Have a little like it one of my favorite album
Um, I
Guess I could play do you want to hear it now or are you looking you want to hear?
I might as well just play it now. I got it. Actually
You want to hear it now? Whatever's fine. Well, why have it you managed your show? Oh, thank you. That's nice of you
I have it queued up
actually on the
MP3. I guess that's what channel is that? Okay, I think that's if I do number
12, but I do it on the B. That'll play computer B. Okay
Do you- Can I say one last thing? What's that? Can I say one last thing? No
No, no can't
You know why? New regime
Attention loud mouths. Attention Internet tough guys. New regime. You want certain things
out of the show? Good. I'll give them to you. But guess what? I'm getting certain things
out of you. There's war. There's straight up war. Tell me how to do this show. How dare
you? How dare you? How long is this show been on the eight years? Best show?
You're going to, these two, for people who don't know what I'm talking about, a couple
clowns went off on the, uh, went off on the, uh, the, uh, Friends of Tom Chat.
I'm not afraid to stand up, look in the mirror, talk to the man in the mirror.
New regime, new rules.
with rule number one. Actually, let me take this call. FMU, you're on the air.
Hello Tom. Oh hey, it's Spike. How are you doing? I'm doing just fine. I see people
giving you a hard time. Yeah. Hey, do you know what a super caller is, Spike? I should be one.
You should be one. Will you want to know what Spike? Mm-hmm. Tonight. Yeah. I'm ready to make
a change in the show new rule you you ready for this yes are a super caller
very good yes you're a super caller making changes now mm-hmm so my
tells me that Hillary won where was it uh-oh West Virginia I believe mm-hmm
No, it's not going to do her any good.
I am, I, I, I grow tired of this.
And, um, let's not forget that, uh, that, uh, that, uh, person in Staten Island.
Who's that?
That, uh, what's the name of the cello?
Who?
The cello, the cello, the congressman.
Mm.
It's not Lynn Samuel's show.
I'm going to demand that you come up with some new material until then you are banned!
Get off my phone!
Band!
New regime!
Band!
First super cold band, you know why he's banned?
Because new rule!
Super callers...
disabled!
I have taken away super colored status from everyone!
No one is a super caller anymore!
Right off the top!
What do you think about that?
No more super collars. All super collars are stripped of their privileges. Everyone must
earn it again. If I am to be put under the microscope, you all will be put under the
microscope. Second rule. Change in the show. Friends of Tom Chat. I'm going to go to it
right now. There are 50 people in it. And I am going to say in it right now. Hello, everyone.
How are you all doing?
People can go to the Friends of Tom Chat over at Friends of Tom.com.
Oh, one thing.
Let's do this in caps.
I am done with this chat forever.
Yeah, I'm done.
Goodbye.
Friends of Tom Chat, gone.
I'm done.
New rule.
I'm out of the chat.
I'm doing this show for hundreds of thousands of people,
not 50.
New rules all over the place.
Another one, Mike.
You're on probation.
He's not on probation.
I actually found a thing, admittedly. I was going through Mike's stuff when he left the room.
I started going through his little briefcase.
This guy is getting ready to make a jump.
This guy is getting ready to make a... he's going to Imus.
He's been writing letters to Imus. He's volunteering to work on the Imus Ranch all summer.
He'll watch out.
Spike Band, suspension of Super Cola, status, new rule.
Another new rule, Mike, you remember W's and L's?
They're back, they're back, new rule, they're back.
I'm not here to mess around, got a couple of chirping birds.
Tell me how to do the show, tell me to step it up.
I'll step it up.
I'll step this whole thing up.
But you step it up now.
I got the hammer.
Don't you ever forget who's got the hammer.
If I gotta do it, you gotta do it.
Is that Spike calling?
He's banned for three years.
Tell me you can call back in 2011.
How many times I've done the show? People are going to doubt this. People are going to
doubt this show. How dare you? W's and L's are back. Another rule? It's called the three-minute
rule. You ready for this one? Three-minute rule. Since you've got to step it up now. You
If you give me three bad minutes of calls, I'm giving you three bad minutes back.
I'm going to serve three minutes of bad radio right back at you.
Everyone's on the test.
No snooze anymore.
I'm not tolerating the nice guys who are snoozes.
These nice guys call up with their boring stories, but they're putting me half to sleep.
No.
That falls under the three minute rule.
bad minutes of that you get three minutes right back so you step it up and you
don't want to hear these three bad minutes you'll throw your radio out the
window when you hear this he's callers he snooze callers tell me tell me what's
going on. These collars aren't fit to shine Petey's shoes. The old breed. There's a hardier
stock. Guys like Petey. Purple shirt. This new crop. What do I got? That guy who likes
Richard Kind. Got that guy. I went to summer camp with Richard Kind.
Not fit the shine PD shoes. It's a four year old. I've got a four year old coming on here
you're making better calls. Maybe I should close ranks. Maybe it's time to close ranks.
Yeah, I'm doing this show. Maybe it's time for me to start squeezing a profit out of
this endeavor. Maybe it's time. Maybe it's payday. It's time for a payday. Turn this
show into the Jimmy that Jimmy Parton show. Maybe it's time for that. Now I want
this for everybody. I want it over the radio. Tell me how to do it. I'll tell you
what to get out and do it. Another rule of a box. Get out of here. Go. You're on
hiatus till the movie comes out that's right obba box go get out don't look at
me like that there this to be obba box just go go come back no go go just go I
I cannot look at you.
You're gone, Avobox.
New rule.
Another rule you show respect to Mike when you call.
Keep hearing these reports of people talking down to him, like he's a dog.
You show you call him Sir from now on.
new rules all over the place
I have the phones are signed
nobody wants a call now
maybe back up on some of these new rules
201-209-9368
oh I'm waiting for that guy where where's Todd
and his call one of these internet loud mouths
guy can tell me how to do the show. Now he's got to do, I told him, three minutes of
interesting radio. Three minutes. You hear that Todd? Three minutes. Can you do it?
I'd also like to welcome any listeners from the high school I spoke to today. That's right,
I spoke to a high school future youth today help mold mines
Actually, I spoke to them because I'm trying to organize a protest of
Just some movie coming out this
Some filth movie coming out by Julianne Moore we're gonna shut it down
Anybody good?
Nope.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey Tom.
Hey, who's this?
It's Herbie in Philadelphia.
How you doing Herbie?
Doing fine.
How's the new regime going?
Pretty good.
We'll see where you fall in it.
Well, I wanted to tell you that I met a celebrity this weekend.
Who was that?
Mr. Ted Leo.
Really?
Where did you meet him?
Actually, actually B.J. Ted Leo.
You saw him DJ somewhere?
Yeah.
How was it?
It was pretty awesome, actually.
I kind of didn't know most of what he was playing, but, you know, just playing the punk rock.
It was good.
It was a show in Philly here on Saturday.
Hmm.
Very exciting.
Yeah, hard skin, punk band from England.
Yes.
Yeah.
He DJ'd at it.
It was hot.
All right, thank you, Herbie.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, Tom.
Hey, who's this?
This is Adam from Ohio.
Adam from Ohio.
What part of Ohio?
Toledo.
All right, how are things in Toledo tonight?
It's doing all right, doing all right.
I was actually calling to suggest replacement for the Apple Box.
Really?
Well, what do you suggest?
You may suggest it and you may be denied that request. No. That's a switching boxes.
Let's go slide another box in here. No. Marked as though two down is too bad calls.
That's one minute and ten seconds toward the three minute rule.
If I'm you, you're on the air. Hey, Tom. Hey, who's this? Hey, this is Costa from Storia.
How are you? I'm good. I just wanted to agree with you and tell you that I like the Tom
that lays down the law. I don't like this Tom that's a nice guy. I don't want to hear
in these guys that want to tell us a story and try to, you know, put on a little sketch
or whatever it's just sure yeah
so you don't like boring calls that
that maybe are interesting thoughts but don't need to be of a broadcast over
the radio
yet but uh... i'm in college and i have to deal with this and
in school
yeah i have to uh...
you know i have people raise their hand they want to say something i just
want to say let's move on
interesting you uh... you're sick of people telling boring stories on the
show
but you just managed to tell us a boring story
or you're in college or that's unique get off my phone
i'm in college i'm sick of these boring stories
by i'm in college and i go there and people who cares
fm you you're on the air
hi this is norm from new jersey
what part of new jersey norm
uh... very north
by pennsylvania and new york uh... it's called monique you've ever been there
i don't think so
uh... you don't want to go there there's nothing there
anyway uh... i'm a new caller and i'm just so enthusiastic about the new
regime
i want to know how new color is like me
and improve our calls
so we don't turn up like that
guy who just
dot dot before i talked about his boring college
So how can I improve calls?
Well, I would say you need to come up with something interesting to say.
When you when you hear the topic, right?
Right. If you have something to add, then you call.
That's brilliant. Brilliant.
Okay. I'll come. I'll call back some some other time.
Oh, geez. When I have something worth saying.
Yeah. Unlike tonight.
We're coming close to that three-minute mark. You give me three bad minutes. I'm giving you three bad minutes.
I'll play, I'm gonna play the Beatles.
Everybody likes the Beatles, right? Not what I'm gonna play.
This will have people clawing their eyes out.
So anyway, let's get back to the show now.
The new regime has been laid down.
And when this guy Todd calls.
As you know, I like to go to the Panera Bread, often before my show.
I like to sit there with my laptop computer.
Eat a nice vegetable sandwich. Drink a cold soda.
I go to this Panera Bread.
you know that you ever go to a restaurant and only the real fancy restaurants have this
you know those vibrating discs that you get when your table's ready
like a it's like a uh...
very fancy uh... uh...
accoutrement
to the dining experience
for you to be handed a vibrating disk
that shakes when your table's ready.
Now this Panera Bread added one of those.
Usually, look,
how mobbed is this Panera Bread gonna get?
They already take your name.
So they're taking my name and giving me
the vibrating disk now.
Well, what's next?
Is it even my social security card?
Before you give me my sandwich that I paid for already?
So I go into this Panera bread, I sit down, and across from me, I see the most spectacular
bad kid.
This kid was eight or nine, but he just had it like, he was like junior in a problem child
on steroids.
So this kid rolls in with his mother, head to toe in Yankee's gear.
Right there.
That's like strike five.
And I think he had like a Geombe thing on the back of his, like, so the kid's hero was
like some, some steroid head, not even like Derek Jeter.
it's got like the uh that uh muscle man
got looks like he's uh like he's uh
like somebody uh pumped him up with a bicycle pump
and then it looks like they deflate him when he stops taking the steroids
so this kid sits down at the table with his mother his poor mother
But is it his poor mother?
Parents lay down the rules on this.
These kids do not form themselves.
They're sitting down waiting for their food.
Kids got the vibrating thing in front of them.
And then all of a sudden, the thing vibrates.
And this kid screams
at the top of his lungs
As if like a snake just jumped out of it
Like as if like a cracked open like the end of creep show with the the
Cocka roaches coming out of the sink
It's good
Just because this thing lights up and starts vibrating
Then, at that point, I was like, alright, I will not actually be looking at my computer.
I will just look over it at this kid.
This is what I will be watching while I eat.
So they get their food, then the kid will stand his sandwich.
I'm not kidding, 45 seconds.
He ate an entire sandwich.
Then he leans back in the chair.
He leans back in the chair as if he's like an executive,
like in his office.
Like a little businessman.
Then it gets up, runs over to the dessert counter, starts pressing his face up against
the dessert thing, trying to reach over at the desserts.
His mother finally says something, he's like, who wanted dessert, who wanted dessert, who
wanted dessert?
And his mother's like, I'm able to get you a cookie.
And then he says, and I quote, I'm never ordering chocolate pecan cake again.
Now I'm intrigued even more intrigued
Then it runs back over to the seat before sitting down he jumps around to his mother's face and goes like
Like in her face like dancing around
doing like a little jerk dance.
Then he sits down, reaches over,
takes half of his mother's sandwich and eats it.
I don't think he asked.
I'm watching this kid
and it made me think I was why it was like a little show.
Like a little play. It was like a problem child to the stage play.
The topic tonight.
I want to hear about these bad kids stories that you've seen in public and
though bad parents stories because they go hand in hand.
These kids just don't fall from the sky like that.
These parents are shaping them, creating these monsters.
201, 209, 9368, bad kids, bad parents.
Let's hear it.
Now I say this, I say this.
I've seen plenty of good kid stories, even a pair of bread I have.
I saw one kid one time about a month and a half ago.
almost brought tears to my eyes. He was there with his brother, with his sisters. I think
he had like two sisters there and they were there and they were talking loudly, because
kids talk loudly. This kid starts talking about how it's dad's birthday. And then he
He says to the mother, you know, I don't want to get that for his birthday.
I want to get him a gift card for one million dollars.
Oh, I hear it.
Are you listening to the show?
What kind of calls is Mike taking out there?
Yeah, what a call we.
Yeah, you're not exactly.
You're not going to last long.
that that is great get ready for the three-minute rule you're not gonna last
long kid wanted to buy a million dollar gift card for his father what line is
the troublemaker on fm you you're on the air hey Tom hey who's this it's a
Brock in Portland. Brock in Portland, Oregon. Yeah, how are things out there?
Oh, they're all right
You do you live near the pig champion statue? No, I don't. That's not is that's downtown? No, I live in front of Powell's
I don't know
Giant pig champion statue
A lot of marble a lot of marble went into that
So, do you have a story for us, Brock?
Yeah, I recently went down to Crater Lake, I took a vacation.
Crater Lake?
Yeah.
Where's that?
It's in southern Oregon.
Okay.
It's an inactive volcano that has a big lake in it.
Alright.
So, it's a national park and I get up there and there's this family from Texas.
And it's not to say that everyone from Texas is like these people, but it's but you kind of are saying that that's all right
Yeah
Yeah, so most is what you mean to say what you see you don't want to say there that all parent all kids from Texas
And parents from Texas are like this, but what you're saying is most are yeah, okay
So they must have come up in a single pickup truck
It was the mom who must have been in her 40s, obviously a heavy smoker, dad had a walker
and also a broken arm.
And he was in his upper 40s, too, grandma, who was obviously a heavy smoker, just like
the older version of the mom, and then the son was like a spastic 18-year-old.
and they're all climbing up on the snow.
It was still snowy around there.
And the kid starts just like going nuts.
I guess he'd been in this truck for hours on end.
And it should be noted that the truck was just
a single Ford pickup truck with a camper shell.
And they also had a German shepherd too.
And it was grandma, the kid, and the dog.
All in the back camper shell, the truck.
That's how they traveled there.
So the kids start grabbing camping supplies out of the back
and going all crazy, like sliding around on the snow
on the tent and whatever.
And me and my friend are just witnessing this,
and they're just yelling and being loud.
And it's the most quietest place I've ever been,
a bad grammar.
Anyway, so we're about to leave.
And then the grandma walks up to us and asks,
I'm thinking she's gonna like yell at me
for because we're kind of like snickering at these people.
They're just being, you know, themselves.
And she comes over and asks me to talk to her grandson
to talk some sense into him.
What?
Yeah.
So I respond.
Like, hey, stranger, you look wise.
Would you come over and talk some sense into my grandson?
Yeah, and like, I don't look like anyone
I had, should be talking to a child.
I mean, I'm a long-haired bearded dude.
You know, big surprise being in Oregon.
But, so I respond to the woman like, listen lady,
there's nothing I think I can say to your kid
that's gonna set him straight.
Yeah, what does she say?
She, then she asked please, and I said no,
and then I drove off.
But how was the kid being bad?
Like, he was pulling out like just things out of the back of the truck and then it's
still snowy up there too, so he was just grabbing like a tenth and then just sliding down the
side of the mountain on that.
All right, thanks, Brock.
If I'm you, you're on the air.
Hi, Tom. It's Brian from Long Island.
Brian from Long Island. How are you?
I'm fantastic.
What can I do for you tonight, young man?
I have a bad kid story.
Let's hear it.
So, I'm 17, and I work at this kid's birthday party place.
Okay, what do you sell like little party supplies and stuff?
no it's actually where the kids have the birthday party okay is it like a theme
place yeah it's like all these moon bounce things you know what a moon
bounce is sure what's up yes I do yeah so I usually work where the kids have
their pizza and drinks and everything after they're all bouncing around and
hyper and everything mm-hmm and you know there's like 30 kids at this one
party like six or seven years old yeah so you know I'm serving their pizza
giving them seconds whatever and this kid asked for more pizza two kids
actually mm-hmm and so I go over to them about to give them their pizza they
start yelling for more pizza again so I go up and you know I'm like playing
around ignoring them you know trying to make my job entertaining yeah and they
say again more pizza slave hold on they called you a slave yeah yeah more pizza
slave just because you worked somewhere yes so what did you what did you do well
Well, I kind of just stare at them.
Why is that so funny to me?
Yeah.
So I just stared at them.
To the mom's credit, they came over and yelled at them.
And they said, sorry to me.
I thought it was pretty funny, though.
Yeah.
But does the idea that the kid would call you a slave?
Yeah.
Trust me, kid, you're going to be serving a lot of pizza
with that attitude.
yeah and uh...
and they you know what though the kid at the pinaa bretta at one point
i failed to mention
i made eye contact this kid
he and i walked eyes
and i was going to just hold i was going to hold
the gays i want to see how long he would hold it
and the old i'm telling you
he challenged me
this kid actually i think he knew what i was up to
this eight-year-old monster
knew what what what that the game was a foot
and he was he was not breaking the gays
he did look away first
but i was about to look away because i also didn't want to look like uh...
psycho
staring at an eight-year-old in panera bread
<E.D.>
the man with the laptop staring at me
now go get me a cookie
thank you for that call young man
fm you you're on the air
it com it's got to
scott t the artist
yeah how are you
tepple in dot com
very talented how are you tonight
i'm good hate to get the postcard i sent you
i did not
well
they'll send you another one
have a show
and when when tell everybody when
well it's going on right now
where
at the atom bomb gold gallery
where's that
and uh... seventy four
uh... e seventy ninth street between madison and park
anyway i got it i got a uh...
i got a quick one for you about uh... about that kid
all right let's hear it
so you wonder why these kids are bad right
it's apparent
course
And one of the things that drives me insane is when I'm on the subway, first of all, I
get out of work at 10.
I ride the subway at 11 p.m.
What are the...
Why are kids on the subway at 11 p.m.?
Okay.
I guess once in a while something happens, timing's off, you got to do it, right?
Yes.
But these parents have their walkmen on while they have their kids screaming and crying
and they're listening to their headphones.
That drives me crazy.
You can't ignore your kids like that.
No.
They're playing their PSP.
Yeah.
You wonder why your kids are the way they are.
Well, I think that's one of the reasons.
Bad kids.
Bad parents.
I think so.
Top notch.
Top notch.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Beth, I'm you.
You're on the air.
Hi, Tom.
Hi, who's this?
This is Erica from Baltimore.
Erica from Baltimore.
I'm sorry you were stripped of your super-caller status.
That's all right.
I had to do it.
We all got to get hungry.
we all got to get hungry
i'm hungry
you go earn it back
all right i'll try
wasn't it exciting how i made spike a super caller
and then
disbarred all super collars
all well
you know i was not a judgment i was not my idea by the way i forget who came
i think that might have been a
oma might have suggested that horrifying move
well i uh... i flew this weekend and i had a bad kid experience all right
and uh... actually it might have been more the parents fault
like usually do it
crying children on airplanes and you know
picking the back of your seat but this time
it was like a four-year-old who was
laughing and giggling and shrieking sitting right behind me
uh... we had we had taken off yet and the mother is tickling him
and making him laugh and shrieking
You know, so that was bad enough.
You know, Greg and I were kind of nervous about flying.
We're not good flyers.
And we start to take off and the kid is still laughing
and the mother starts feeling, we're getting higher.
We're getting higher.
You know, we're lifting up off the ground.
We're so high in the air.
The entire time I'm sitting there with my eyes closed,
kind of trying to forget what's happening
because I don't like flying.
Yeah.
And this kid is, you know, having a good time,
But the mother is just egging him on, it really sucks.
When you're trying to just brace yourself,
like what I do, plane takes off, I count to 90.
Count to 90, you get past 90,
that means nobody's gonna shoot your plane down
with a missile.
Deep breathing exercises, I don't need shrieking.
And then later in the flight I heard,
have you heard of Harvard, Aiden?
Mommy went to Harvard.
Mommy went to Harvard.
mommy should shut up
the other thing also you called last week we talked about a dandy can
yet and then i uh... call them a creep
yeah and then i checked the message board and some uh... guys like me
dandy is not a creep
trust me dandek is a creep
i felt pretty bad cuz they're really saying what i think i was never really
seen as you two could say i haven't come out with it but it might be a nice
sky in the world
the creep
the nice creep
i think i you don't think the guy knows he's a creep
all i know is he's a creep he knows it
he's exactly playing the
creep card
as playing the creep card you know what you think he's trying to be like uh...
aril flint he thinks he's uh...
he thinks he's uh... debonair
he knows he's going up there looking like a creep
that's a calling card
It's I mean, I even went back to YouTube to like double check my own, you know judgment and nice looking back
I came yeah creepy could be the nicest guy in the world. He's a creep and he knows it
Thank you Erica good night
Let's get this one over with FM. You're on the air
Yes, hello. Yes. Hi. Hey is it possible for there to be more noise in the back. Can you?
yeah i'm sorry i'm at a bar right now okay well why don't you enjoy the bar
and uh... leave us alone
fm you you're on the air
comable bar
i'm supposed to have supposed to make some exception for the call from a bar
okay well that's it
don't call the show if you're in a bar
oh no it's not easy cuz i'm in a bar
i'm in a bar why can't tell these people to quiet down
Thank you, Ben.
How are you tonight?
Good.
Thank you very much.
I am a first-time caller.
I'm incredibly nervous.
Oh, well, relax, Ben.
Just relax.
Okay.
I gotta breathe.
Relax.
Take a deep breath.
You're with me.
You'll take a deep breath to get it ready.
Yeah.
We're going to take a deep breath.
We're going to go in for five seconds, out for five seconds.
Here we go.
Hold it.
Out.
There we go.
Great.
Thank you.
So what can I do for you, Ben?
I have a story about it's not about a bad kid. Unfortunately, the kid was
sweet. The mom who was the monster. Alright, let's hear it. So I'm walking down the
street. The door to the McDonald's opens onto the street into my face. The mom
looks at me, gives me the stink guy, gives me the hairy eyeball. And she
lets the door swing back onto her son who's carrying an ice cream cone. And the
The door hits the kid's arm and the ice cream cone is sort of pushed into his chest.
She looks back and says, you're going to drop it, you idiot.
Oh my God.
You're going to drop it, you idiot.
Yeah.
After she hit him with the door.
Yeah.
And it was like, you're going to drop it, you idiot.
What's going on up there in Toronto?
I don't know.
There was that call last week.
What was that young lady's name?
Uh, Gwen.
That's who it was.
was not that i don't think it was going
what's her name mike
gale
not gale
only i didn't quit the chat forever
i'm sure they're yelling it out in the chat
yes i'm sure that i was not in there when you close the she called
she called she uh... fell down in some uh... some monster laughed at her
yeah
that was terrible
that wasn't me
now you got mothers letting uh... kids uh... the doors hit them and hit the
kid in the face
smashing ice cream cones into their chests and calling them names
thank you ben
thanks a lot i love your show all thank you
uh... have a good week are you to bed thank you
thanks a lot
people from toronto or polite
they get the show
i should be up there
cbc
do the show up there
do some issues talk talk about uh...
luniz and tunies
i could do that
why am i doing the show down here
that's the problem
these american ingrades
rolling great
that's what's wrong
should be doing the show up in uh... up in toronto
those people get me
i can do the show at all get uh...
Cheryl Hickey on the show. Talk to her. Hickey talk. Rhett squeaky. W. F. M. U. East
Orange. W. X. H. D. Mount Hope. Worldwide on the World Wide Web. W. F. M. U. O. R.
G. Dot O. R. G. This is the best show on W. F. M. U. F. M. U. You're on the air.
Hey, Tom. It's Mason from Buffalo Mason and Buffalo. How are you pretty good pretty good?
I have a bad kid story. Let's hear it. I used to work at a Toys R Us
and showing off a little bit bragging a little bit and
We would have a thing where to keep ourselves entertained. We would sort of keep track of the worst kids
Okay, we saw and there was a general system of points
or how to keep track of bad kids.
I love this one.
Usually, they were wearing sweatpants.
Okay.
Usually, they had shoes that involved velcro or lights.
And usually, they were with a older parent,
like a grandfather that was raising them,
or a grandmother that was raising them.
And so, one time, there was this kid who,
he looked a little bit like a old man.
you're sure that these grandparents are raising a day and i don't want to
speculate yet don't judge people
kids have a hard life
you're throwing them under the bus just because who knows what the home
situation is
maybe it
maybe it's just the way you can't find me
but no
no i'm not hitler
uh...
may be that's a little judgment of it typically what it would be worth it
worth a while
yet
go ahead
go forward
uh...
so they were
i there was a kid he was he was playing one of the video game displays in the
store with
i when i worked there i think
nintendo sixty-four
with the new system sure
and so he was he was playing with me did not want to go and his grandmother
was
trying to just drag him off
like you know she's got one arm he's got one arm
only had one arm
no
he's got one of his arm
and he's got his other arm
you know on the video game controller he's not he's not letting go
And he finally gets pulled off
and he just turns around and just starts hitting her.
Like a speed bag, like his hands are moving
and he's just kind of hitting your stomach
and it was terrible.
It's hitting the grandmother?
He's hitting his grandmother.
And he looks a little bit,
you watch human giant, right?
Yes, I've seen the human giant.
He looked a little bit like the kid from Shutter Bugs
that injured little Osama bin Laden.
like a real tough-looking kid like you had a leather jacket who Bobby J Thompson
not Bobby J Thompson but the he sort of looked like a like a small fondier
something it like small like a pompadour almost what and a leather
when did you work at this Toys R Us it was the mid-90s so it was it was not
an appropriate look for that time either well is it like a young slim Jim
and phantom
with a bit
he'd maybe like a garbage pal kid come to life
or
he just played like
the toughest looking small child ever and he could have been more than seven
so you saw a kid beating up his grandmother he wasn't beating her but he
was he was
uh...
warping her warping warping is a good word
and he was he was getting you know dragged out of their finally he's
he's just kind of got him by the scruff of the neck and he
and he looks back and i think they're kind of watching the whole thing and now
i've i've made eye contact with them
and and you know i don't i don't know what to do because i was
probably more entertained by that incident that should have
and so i just kind of you know maybe not in my head in approval
and he gave me the finger
you know what
good for him
yeah it was like an episode of cops
good for him to say you know what
You earned it.
You earned the finger.
Standing there, turning that into entertainment.
You're right.
You're right.
What do you do now?
Could I have intervened?
What's that?
No, you should not have intervened.
Well, what else could I do?
But stand there.
Yeah, not watch.
Not watch?
Turn my head.
Work in the store.
Maybe restock a shelf, pick up a broom, sweep an aisle.
No?
Nothing like that.
don't work there
thank you you're you're having a little blast over there
it's it's a little part of it
in a bar thank you
fm you you're on the air
he thought
that kind of bar think he was
i'm in a bar
i'm in a bar
that's why it's noisy
what else you do it in the bar
call your grandmother on uh... mother's day
yeah it's loud grandma
i'm going to board though
how are you a little bit of whom am i speaking
uh... this is you don't have a lot of uh... susana how are you tonight
uh... well how are you doing in jersey i'm doing very well thank you
uh... well i have a story and i have a quick question for you if
you'll allow it yes i will you yes
okay thank you
uh... that first is a bad parent story uh...
When I was still living in Philadelphia,
I was on a step to train,
and this woman who's rather slovenly looking
comes on the train with her three-year-old about.
And it's a very crowded train,
and the kid kind of breaks away from her
and sits down in one of the very few available seats.
And he's smiling to himself and singing to himself,
and it's really cute.
And the mother goes over to him
And just yell or bark for him.
Move, move, get up, get out of the seat.
And he starts crying because he's three
and his mother is yelling at him.
And then she goes to the entire gym.
And then she keeps repeating it.
And then she says,
Miles, what's going on over there?
What kind of stories are you telling?
Jeepers, what's going on here?
If I'm you, you're on the air.
Hello?
Yes, hi.
Hi, this is Jacques.
Okay, Jacques.
I don't like where that was going.
Your name is Jacques Schor.
The silence scared me
Don't trust it. Don't trust it. Might have just guy Jacques might have been the best caller ever
Couldn't do it don't trust it
Don't trust it
Guys sounded like he was pulling back and ready to pounce
Hello
Sorry, Chuck. You paid the price. FM you, you're on the air. Hi, Tom. Hi, who's this?
Lori. Lori from Miami. How are you doing? I'm okay. I'm doing okay. How squeaky doing?
I'm squeaky. Just walked out of the room for a second. I'm not sure. I did not ask squeaky.
Oh, okay. So I have a contribution for the topic.
Let's hear it. What is it?
Do you like these new rules?
Um, yeah, okay.
I'm scared.
I'm a little nervous.
Yeah, new rules.
I have butterflies in my stomach.
Good.
You know who should really have butterflies in the stomach?
That loudmouth Todd.
Yeah.
Where's his call?
Where are you, Todd?
Tough guy.
For shame.
Yes.
Yeah.
Oh, they're not up in person.
They're only tough on the internet.
Are people in the chat scared?
Yeah.
Um, I don't know.
I haven't been paying attention to the chat super closely.
What's up with the chat?
They do their own show in there.
Oh, although they do want me to tell you apparently that it was Emma in Toronto.
Emma, yes.
yeah i can't they all be like emma in toronto
she's a nice young lady yes
i like her i'm moving the show to the to canada
i'm serious about that well um hopefully there are only a few like that uh
one lady at mcdonald's yes yeah i i don't think i can top that
well let's try um let's try
Well, so I was going to be a story about one of your servants, kids.
No, sorry that Miami Metro Zoo, it was like the last cold day of the year.
Were you getting ready to buy an animal?
No, no, I just need a giraffe.
Okay.
Which is really cool.
Did you get one?
No.
So, you know, I'm not in there like two minutes and already I see this bratty kid and she's
chasing this beautiful snowy egret.
This is out in the open by the entrance area of the lake and snowy egrets are actually
pretty common in Miami, you know, when you see them in your backyard, that sort of thing.
But she's chasing after them and, you know, my instincts which I follow, they say, you
know, hey, don't do that, that's not nice.
This girl turns around and she gives me the evil eye.
She just glows at me, I swear, I thought she was possessed or something.
And she stomped back to her parents and her parents, they don't say anything but they
stare me down like really hard.
I just don't think that's very nice. Don't taste after bird.
You don't chase after animals.
No, they're not chasing after you.
Exactly. It's terrible.
Especially pigeons. People are really bad about that.
And the parents don't say anything, and yeah, that's all.
I don't like it.
Me too. I have a request though.
Oh, let's hear it.
play hey hey Helen I wish I could but the
album box is gone no gone say it is so and
say it is so oh oh Laurie what are we
gonna do with you I don't know you have
a good night easy about FM you you're
on the air hey Tom this is jock and new
haven't kinetic hey jock how are you I'm
fine how are you doing doing okay this is
my first time calling as well I'm also
nervous let's relax shot we can do this
okay uh... sound it's okay it will sound it's going to throw me
what's that sounded sketchy when you called before
well i can't deny or you know admit
to being sketchy but i hope i'm not all right let's the world will get this off
on the right foot
okay well uh...
i uh... i used to live in uh... brooklyn new york before i came to school and
uh... i uh...
well i was an art opening and i saw this kid with uh...
a cat mask on
and uh... will be this kid you know it was funny because it was all he was
all alone he was like a toddler like a three or four-year-old
and then i uh...
i spotted this woman this older woman who
you know she was wearing like a full cat suit
okay and
and yet so uh...
i was i was like well maybe did some kind of costume thing or whatever sure
uh...
but uh... it was actually my art opening so i sort of felt the kind of like uh...
i don't know
i felt the guts to go up and ask them who they were what what they were doing in
those costumes or whatever
and
so i asked this woman you know
do you do you guys cover a costume party or something
and she said to me that she has been raising
her child
in a cat mask
and he was a baby
yeah
and
she has also been wearing a cat mask
in front of him since he was a baby
the trying to raise a superhero
actually that insane that's a super villain
yeah like a super villain exactly and
you know i talked to the kid for a little bit and he he was pretty
he's a pretty normal kid uh... so did i guess it's more of a bad parent story
but
the mom was like
well was a kid like i just what's that
was a kid like well
yeah he didn't do that that's what i was expecting him to do i was expecting
to sound like uh...
like squeaky yeah
but no the mom though she what she said that her belief
was that we were involved from cap
is not a great
k
and williams berg
course it was
you know the funny thing that mother
and child
will walk through macaron park
in their cat masks
and no one will blink an eye
people will congratulate them people
people go up to her and tell them how wonderful they think the project is
you get to get me
that i walked on my sunglasses
i'm like uh... king goofball
uh... people were pointing and laughing
yeah i'm glad to be out of there
actually
much nicer here in connecticut
thanks uh... jock you have a good night
i enjoy the show that successful first call successful first call
thank you
and we didn't need any more though
it's still going to keep going on
fm you you're on the air
hello me
yes you how are you tonight
hi this is hot from chicago
thought from chicago how are things in chicago tonight
uh... not too bad i said my name a couple of times in the air i'm very very
nervous always this pod
it is alright we're putting the bad kid bad parent topic on hold
uh-oh i had something for the time because tod
is going to show us how it's done
uh... i wasn't trying to criticize your show
starts right now click
you three minutes
uh... let's start talk go ahead tod
but you got for me tough guy
all right well i'm gonna
contribute to the topic is that all right
now
not all right
but it's not what i thought i did not i told you you have to come up with your
own topic
and it's not that i think that the contribute to the topic
but i don't know if you're going to have been a
all right
that's how it goes on top
the tough guy
not so tough now are you i want to try to be tough guy
i was trying to say that if he doesn't like the part of the show you can skip
them you know
that that makes sense right
now it doesn't make sense
why not
because you were a you had to be allowed mouth
and uh... say like
i don't store threads a yeah no problem chiming in on them though
yeah what i thought i was just telling him to skip it though
i don't know i feel like i'm being
tied in with that guy i had nothing to do with them i had to be supportive
now you're linked
you two are linked
i'm marked
yeah you are marked
uh... and i am with james and all those other guys now
now you're not
right you're worse
no james looks down at you
james looks down at you
nowhere you are taught
the shame pit
no not the shame pit
i'm not even put you in the hate pit
i'm gonna put you in there you know why because the company there's do good for
you
while micky dolins
going to talk to that i don't want you talking to that guy
i don't have a phone
go away
tod
there is
remember new three-minute rule
you give me three minutes of radio i'm giving you three minutes
bad minutes right back
changes
changes galore
changes galore new rules
It's not your father's best show.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, this is Todd from Chicago.
Who?
Todd from Chicago.
Why are you calling back, Todd?
Because I had something for the topic.
I'm trying to contribute.
I'm trying to do my part.
I was too scared to call before and it's probably the worst time to call, but I'm going to try it.
Put my money where my mouth is.
You got persistence, Todd.
Well, I hope that's good persistence.
You want to know what it's not.
You're banned for 11 years.
11 year ban on Todd.
11 year ban.
Todd, you can call, if only I could add eight and 11,
we would be in business.
Was that 2019?
You can call back in 2019.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hello.
Hello.
Hi.
Hi.
How you doing?
Oh, okay, who's this?
This is TD.
PD, where are you calling from?
they own new jersey
new hotspot
well i'm just visiting
just visiting some friends
all right
uh... and i have something for the topic
is it still let's hear it
is it still a bad parenting bad kids yes
well i used to work for a charitable organization in one of their stores
okay
uh... behind the register sure
and uh...
We sold a lot of toys, to the kids, with their folks.
So once a young lady and her child
came up with a large amount of items,
and I'm ringing them up, and the child is holding a toy.
And I ring the young lady up for all of her items,
and i asked
her if you want to purchase a toy
and uh... she doesn't say anything
and uh...
uh...
in there
i would i would love to give children free toy all the time
but it's a charitable organization
you got a
we're making money for charity yes
so i i think well if you did it
the way works and stores is generally
if you want things you hand
the person behind the counter money for them
exactly
exactly
so uh... and the kids holding onto the toilet isn't even on the counter uh...
and i say uh... or you're gonna
you're gonna buy that toy
and uh... the mother just stands there
doesn't say anything
i look at the child
i look at the mother
i look at the child
And I have to take the toy out of the child's hand.
And so I take it, and the child starts to cry.
And the mother does nothing.
She doesn't leave the store.
She just stands there.
The child is crying.
I feel bad.
So I go and I take the toy into our restocking pen.
The child follows me over to the restocking bin.
I say, you know, if your mother isn't gonna pay for this,
I have to take it away, put the toy in the restocking bin,
and the child hits me.
The child hits you.
Hits me.
He flaps me on the arm.
I love it.
I mean, you know, he's a small child.
I'm not gonna do anything, but I thought that was some
pretty bad pair.
What did the mother do when she saw her child hit you?
Nothing.
Nothing.
Absolutely nothing.
She stood there like a statue.
You know what I would have done?
What would you have done, Tom?
I wouldn't have hit the kid back.
I would have pushed him.
Pushed him?
Yeah.
That's, you know, I thought about that, but...
Just give him a little shove.
But with it being a charitable organization, you don't want to put that, you don't want
put that image out there because you know you're you're you're asking for
people to don't we get it we get it fm you you're on the air hey Tom hey who's
this day from Knoxville they're from Knoxville stripped of his super
caller status what like everyone else oh you didn't hear me you didn't hear I
just got home in I had a concert tonight super callers they are it's a
It's an extinct concept.
Wow.
Yeah, it happened.
That's terrible.
Yeah, rough stuff.
Well, gee.
New show.
There's a new show.
New regime.
New rules.
That's bad.
Yeah, you are taking it hard.
I am taking it hard.
It hurts.
It does hurt.
I should have...
I should have...
Let it make you hungry.
Let it make you hungry.
I should have earned being stripped to super-color status.
status well anyway let me tell you a couple of things sure I may not be right
on the topic because I didn't think I had to be on it I'm on a probationary
period you know what I'm gonna let it slide for this call all right first thing
I'm going to demand more focus though from everyone including former super
callers I've given you all the focus I have and I will continue to do so like
that
uh... first off i wanted to tell you something before you heard about it in
around about way what's that
i have a book
you have a book i have a book with an i f b n and everything well congratulations
i just wanted to let you know it didn't want somebody to come up at a party
and go hey did you know they from not quite a book
what party would that have been uh...
uh... one of those big uh... cardboard executive party so what is your book
about
uh... it is uh... uh... an implementation guide to uh... journey through calculus
so hold on a minute
an implementation guide
uh... of of a journey through calculus journey through calculus was a piece of
software
in the early days of interactive educational software terrible uh...
and it was attached to a specific book
the author of the book after seeing it that he didn't want it attached to his
book okay
so the company hired me to write a general curriculum guide
so that theoretically this piece of software could be tied
to any book they were using
that's what it is but you but it uh... look that book it might not uh...
you might not exactly be doing uh... uh... the next mitch album
mmm right
but
probably no sequel you've still got a book
and i got nothing
uh... what you've got everything came from noxville one
you have a radio show
with people that love you listen to tonight uh... do you know what optioning
is
chia
has anyone option the movie rights to the implementation guide
no journey through calculus i'm sorry to say that the uh... the book was on the
market for grand total four days
and then was taken off the market but to this day
if you put the i s b n in google
you'll get a hit on a website in china
and a chinese spreadsheet will open up and right in the middle of of all that
chinese stuff
you'll see my name
with the title of the book
oh i wish i i wish they were super callers still
i wish i could reinstate your super call of status i cannot
can i do one other thing quickly sure
I'm behind on
topics
Yes, you had creep-a-pedia. I tried to call in
Zachary Brimstead was in the studio. Yes, apparently gonna take hours to get him back out
Yes, and I told Mike that I would be glad to step back Mike is still a little greasy from that. Yeah
Assuming as a super caller that I could call in later with an old topic. You still have residual
super color status for tonight
creep-a-pedia yes bands that only have one remaining original member but still
tour around like who who who's an example of that state fairs step and
wolf featuring John K yes Ian Anderson and Jethro tall after these guys have
cleaned house but even worse yeah the bands that tour that you didn't know
anybody in that band to start with but the one original member is now it now
gets a feature billing like iron butterfly featuring Steve McGreeby all
of those guys got to go in the creepopedia Dave you're a hundred percent
right you did it I did it was nice while it lasted huh I hope yeah well super
call us that now you're back to call be afraid to have any call I'm frightened
now you're back in the pack with the rest of the wolves I think I'm behind the
pack no you're not you're not behind the pack it's like Henry Kissinger after
the fall of the Nixon administration it's not trust me okay thank you Dave I
always trust you have a FM you you're on the air hey this is all give me a
break. Is that how that guy that's how that guy goes out? Todd from Chicago? Yeah, with airplane
quads. Guys, quoting things from airplane. Also, by the way, airplane, what a really
unfunny movie. Can we delete all existing copies of that? It had its run. It was funny in 1980 or
or whenever it came out
but it's over
airplane
spike is for a spike again
fm you you're on the air
tom tom tom
are we off the meds again
you worried about me
of course yes why are you worried about me
uh... well
i mean it's not unusual for you to have me banned for three years or one
and to ban all the regular cars
you know i want spike from you seriously
would you
come down to the studio
and do a three-hour show
all i want you to i will just work the board for you
to do three hours of radio
it will be a lot of you know i couldn't
revenge that you know you come down you bring your doo op records
you play it'll be just doo op and you
taking calls maybe uh... you get uh... lin samuels to come on as a special
guest
why i got it you know because one doesn't like to go out
well you get her to call up
but i don't mind calling which is
maybe once every other week
send her a nice email you say hey i'm doing a radio show would you come on
as my guest
uh-huh
well i don't see about that okay let me see what my uh... fair enough
let me check my schedule because you know i think it's very important to my
uh... dungeon appointment yeah you dungeon appointments well in advance
so i have to yeah
you want to talk to your personal assistant about that
see what you can uh... move around
See if you can open it. You can call every Tuesday night.
Okay.
I can arrange for someone to rearrange my schedule. Okay.
So you'll arrange for someone to arrange your schedule?
Yes. So you'll hire someone to do that?
I'll hire someone, yes.
I'm worried about you, Tom. I don't know.
Well, you're going to get to do this.
Saxophone Joe from the soup kitchen?
I don't know, I have my, uh, regular, you know, that will help me out.
Regulars.
I'm telling you, I want you to come down and host three hours of the show.
I might never come back.
It might just be your show from that point on.
Oh, wow.
You're making it sound quite tempting.
I don't like the way you say tempting.
I don't ever want to tempt you.
So what do you think?
Will you do it?
Okay, will we get back to you?
Let me just re-arrange,
have my schedule rearranged,
and I'll get back to you.
Well, we'll figure out a week.
Look, this is not gonna be next week yet.
We'll take our time on this.
I gotta build up to this.
Again, Mike, Michael, be here.
I might not even show up.
I won't even tell Mike the week it's gonna be.
I'll just let Mike walk in here.
Oh, Mike.
Stevie Blue. Get Stevie Blue on here. No thanks. It's like a... like here come the supervillains. Spike.
Oh, by the way, Tom, the young lady called last week and she wanted to speak to me.
Yes, Julie from Cincinnati.
Okay, I know she's listening tonight, right?
what what what was that what happened there I'm just cleaning up the dungeon
digging through you're putting the dinner together on a garbage can lid
got a fish bone now you like top cat oh no no I'm too civilized for that okay
good I'm good to see your you're a human being you're not eating like a
cartoon cat so Julie from Cincinnati I never thought I'd say this ever if
If you're listening, Julie, from Cincinnati, call up now.
Here's your chance to talk to Spike.
Nothing.
10,
nine,
eight,
seven,
six.
So you can see any movie, Spike?
You see Iron Man?
No, but I've heard about it.
Oh, you have heard about it.
I've heard about it too.
It sounds like where did you hear about it when we're talking about it how it was talking about it a few other people my job
We're talking about it. You know why that might be because it's in
9000 theaters and everyone on earth has seen it that might be why they were talking about it
And you're also talking about speed racer speed racer. I want to see speed racer. That looks cool. I
I remember the cartoon you do yes did you enjoy it oh I was seven years old
but I don't have much memory of it okay so you remember it but you don't
remember it yeah I remember watching it but I don't remember you know the name
to the characters and people like that you don't remember the character speed
racer from speed racer but the people who would drive in the car
are. I want to see that movie. It looks very relatable. They are advertising with that
movie that there is no CGI in it, that it was all shot in real life, that they did not
to any computer animation
now i don't get computer animation there let's take a look back to the old
wave
animation
exactly
you know one of our brother and a barbera
yeah the quality animation and a barbera
that's right
where they pretty much where i'm a gilla gorilla uh...
pretty much is uh...
there's only like four shots of my gilla gorilla
now let's go back to the good old days of animation like the marvel uh...
things were for moves his arm
once
to uh... strike his hammer on somebody's head
the good old days
yeah you're right these these terrible new days
of high-tech special effects are terrible
where things actually look real
uh... why do you think i like
life and i spell
for that reason
Are you seeing any of these movies?
Are you gonna go, why am I talking?
Get off my phone.
I'm gonna conversation with this guy.
This guy actually just squeezed five minutes out of me.
Oh, I wanna, does that count as three bad minutes?
Mike, you think so?
I don't think so.
I think that was actually weirdly engaging.
Three hours of spike though.
That'll be something else, the spike show.
Bring all those records down, his Orioles records, Del Vikings, platters.
Maybe you get one of those old doo-wop guys to come down, do an interview with him.
Get Johnny Maestro to come down.
Girl, I heard you're getting married.
I heard you're getting married.
who wants that did anybody want that then even like people think they I can't
imagine that then people wanted that Johnny maestro in the Brooklyn Bridge
that sounds like a fraud like a local hit that this guy just didn't sky was
just a just pushy he wouldn't they wouldn't let it rest
If I'm you, you're on the air
I'm standing for sippany stand in parsippany. What's the zip code in Persepani?
It's James
That guy James aka Jeremy this is real name
Again
Think the two-pay glue must be dripping into his scalp. He's using some weird
some low-grade toupee glue it's making them go crazy I said it before when I
met that guy at the record fair I literally thought I thought he was some
sort of like like jack hannah kind of guy like like an animal expert from a
from like a late-night talk show and that he had like some weird mongoose on
his head. I thought he was at the record fair showing off his animal
collection. I actually started petting his head and the funny thing I think is
toupee bit me. I think I got bit. That was the worst looking toupee I've ever seen
And this guy is 22 years old with a full toupee.
I mean he had like, I'm guessing his hair was like Ed Harris level.
Just like that, like that, it's like the letter C just shaped around the side of his
head.
It's like he's wearing a headband.
Like a hair headband.
And he was so nervous when he met me.
It's Tom.
How's it going?
Hey.
Hey.
Hey. I did something bad.
I did something bad.
I'm James.
He was so sad.
And he was sweating.
I'm telling you,
the sweat was pouring off his face.
base. Other people saw it, other people will attest to that. And then he sends me these,
he's like a sick person. He calls James, James, James, James. And then I'll get an
apology from him. I guarantee I would bet everything. This guy will write me an apology.
I'm so sorry. I don't know why I do this. I don't know why I do this. Let me find one
of these apologies. I'm just going to read it, verbatim. This guy has no respect for
I got no respect for him. I'm just gonna read read the stuff straight up over the air
James
little creep
We find one of these Apollo apologies
Let's see James James James where is it
Let's see, hmm, I know I got to hear somewhere. Let's see.
Now, now, now. Here we go. Here we go.
Tom, Tom, it's me. I may be drunk, but I love the show. And there's no punctuation in this,
by the way. I love the show. I mean that it, not because I'm drunk.
Mahari says, you'll unfriend me, but it's not true. I didn't call because of respect.
i love the show please never stop doing it it's the funniest thing in the world
you shouldn't limit yourself
i love the show
jeremy i guess jeremy says alter ego when he's not james
is sick needs help
anyone out there knows him get him help
seriously
fm you you're on the air
Hey Tom, it's Alex from Persepani, how are you tonight?
Well, that's a
Persepani, same guy.
James, James, James, James, James.
What are we doing?
What are we doing?
He's probably right now in his apartment freaking out.
What are we doing?
What are we doing?
Like, and it's like, in his mind, he's talking to James.
Like Jeremy's talking to James.
You need to do it.
You need to destroy the things you love, Jeremy.
You need to destroy the things you love.
cuz no one ever liked you
what am i doing what was doing
i'm going to kill you james finally what's the for all i'm going to kill you
uh... he goes to push him out of window and he falls out the window cuz there's
only him
fm you you're on the air
eight on ten
ted
video
yeah ready to hang up on you
i'm like sorry
so
so quick trigger uh... tonight
how are you doing
i'm okay you kind of uh...
you're going a little bit there with the psychoanalysis kind of
kind of a little close to home
for james
yeah they did kind of like uh... destroy the thing you love
to be scary like you picture him with like a little like uh...
in uh... what's that book uh...
grapes of wrath
not grapes of wrath what's the other one
uh...
the one with the uh... the guy who crushes the little uh... uh... rabbit
what is it like
uh...
uh... with george george
the character name is george george i don't know mike doesn't know what it is
i know what you're talking about is it mike
he has no idea
uh...
just brought mike is yelled out of my son men
eleven times
uh...
should look to uh... looked to james's parents
uh... yet to talk about bad parents bad kid
but that's what i want to talk about a little counterpoint what's that like
to be a twenty-two-year-old who has to go uh... to pay shopping
because a lot of problem what was that be like
I don't want to know. It actually, it's, it's, I'm feeling pathos for the guy right now.
It's not, you know, it's not making me angry.
You should write a song about him.
You should write a song about him.
Call it James, James, James.
Good idea. I'm trying to simplify things a little bit.
You're, you are trying to simplify your music now, aren't you?
I am trying.
You're like Bob Dylan.
You just came out of blonde on blonde.
Now you're just going to strip it down.
Yeah, it's a good analogy. I like it. You're in a cool-down period
I'm gonna hot up. I'm gonna I'm trying to hot it up as I'm trying to do you're like cheap trick when they were coming off
One-on-one. You're going to do the doctor now, and you're simplifying things
You shouldn't be okay, thanks
uh...
uh... that was a text message coming through on my phone
who was a was obviously not listening to the show
someone who's not listening
apparently i don't know why they would
think it was actually text me right now
so what can i do for you tonight that rock star telly rock well
regarding the um...
parents you know generally i mean generally i would agree that you you
can look to the parents for the cause of that kid but sometimes it's just
bad kids and you can't always
blame the parents
and i want to come come clean
a little bit
and saying that
i think i have to your brothers want to five and four years younger than me
so they're only your part and they were kind of a dynamic duo
terror at times
and um... i will do a lot of
instigator
influence and we gave my mother a hard
time
you know i don't know how far from this early but
i remember one time i think we we we uh... we
we went
uh... away to like the polka nosed for a weekend and the place that we were
supposed to stay at had one of the one on
mechanical chairs that go up the stairs or for elderly people are disabled
you know i get a little bit on you
about the polka no coming from yet it's really written up there we went to a
place with mechanical chairs on the sterile case
yeah yeah yeah you know it's uh... so you went up to the poganose pretty high
class yet vacation area up there
and um...
i convinced him to ride it up and down with my parents are trying to check in
it broke the thing and there are people waiting to actually use it
it was you know and it wasn't my parents thought it was really my fault
it would
they would get in arguments with each other and i'd like whisper in
one of their ear like
you're poor maple syrup all over him
you don't think you would do that and then you know you like you were able to
tell them
you would tell one brother to poor maple syrup on the other
i used to do things like that this wouldn't be at holston's though
you know i don't know that it would be at the eye out
okay at the eye on
things like that but i'm just saying it's not always the parents fall
yet exactly sometimes you get a kid
just a but that's the day you eat that when you shook out and that uh...
you you you write in the ship
uh...
exactly you got it all out of your system
exactly but that's three brothers of that's enough to drive anybody nuts
probably
i would assume so that all that energy
speaking of energy
you
have some very exciting uh... shows coming up
um...
a few yet
well you're trying to certain
that you're going to particular
i'm referring to uh...
a big show that you're going to be playing
more than one big show
free show at castle clinton on july seventeenth
castle clinton what's that
it's in uh... battery park
all that
that you're usually do shows there
uh... we would try to do something outdoors around
area
i hope james shows out about it in a seagull pix is uh...
like thinks he's caught some kwai
like
we saw a great walk
i thought it's all like uh... we uh... bowl weevil running
on some guys head
like the food
like grabs the uh...
the uh... rug off his head
so but you're playing another show
you want to not talk about this
are you going about
program stuff yes
you know if we could talk about it
so that well i think it's exciting i think it's awesome you could be playing
arenas
uh... yeah yeah exactly uh... yeah it should be
uh... i'm a little like
residents are back and i don't entirely know i feel that it's going to be it's
a it's a realm beyond my experience it's awesome
it should be a hopefully to be good i mean that that's kind of what sealed the
deal for me it was like you know
it's going to be great
when that when else in my life may get a chance to uh...
this regard
i just hope you're not the band where any better has to come and tell people to
be cool
to these guys
like uh... george harris and have to get used to have to do that
when ravi shankar was gonna play uh... on the tour
everybody i like this guy
he's one of my heroes
well i'm gonna play a lot
very soon
that was always there
like uh...
your master flash opening up for the clash
and
did model of skates and then did the like uh...
like did like joe strummer have to come out and tell them
like oh yeah like i like these guys
with salmon dave opened right
yeah exactly
i uh... i saw
calvin johnson
being in the head with a uh... ashtray trying to open up for for gazia one
yes
not happy any kept playing
got in stand-down
that's tougher than anybody thought
right just because the guy dras cats on his album covers
people think he's going to be soft
that's punk
i stood there with his face covered in blood
like it was an anti-scene
what did you say mike
mike says that just don't come out at the beginning
to to defend the opinion only come out afterwards and chastise the audience
not getting
We shan't speak ill of the deceased.
Exactly.
We shan't.
But I think it's awesome.
I have tickets to any shows anyway.
So it's going to be pretty exciting.
Yeah.
You're going to go to them anyway?
Yeah, I have a jam pass.
For all jam pass, I pay $15,000 a year.
But I get into all their shows.
Well, that's great.
first forty rows pretty good deal
first forty rots all jam passes
all jam passes
how wide that's do you think that maybe that passes pass some of that massive
profit down to the opening band
all you'll get some
don't worry you'll
you're going to be able to buy a house from this tool
but it's a very little house
all right well i don't want to know a word for the moms
yes exactly happy mother's date everybody
now uh... ted leo
uh... i i went the other day uh...
wrote something to mention to you
can't find it
can't find it
did you ever go to this place john bud juice
i went to one i was at the you know where the palisades mall is
uh... nyak new york
uh... no i've never been or not because i've never been to the mall aka the best
mall ever
i'm telling you this mall
no joke
you go in it
it has a ferris wheel in it
and not not like there's not some
will crummy bo craft ferris wheel
or some uh... ferris wheel for the uh... uh...
Italian festa in the parking lot
we're afraid the thing's gonna tip over
this is a full-sized
ferris wheel in the food court
the other end
america around
this mall's gigantic has a bowling alley upstairs
and i max theater has speed racer in it
i'm going to go back and see speed racer and i max if i can get a ticket that is
i hope i can get in
uh...
try and trade for when you do one of your approach and take it somewhere
you take that back
But anyway, I go to this Jamba Juice, right?
Right.
And it's,
and then it's like, all I wanted was like an orange juice.
Yeah.
But I misordered because the kid rushed me
the second I walked.
I literally didn't have my other foot in the thing yet
and the kid's like, well, good Jamba Juice,
how can I help you?
And I'm like, now I feel the pressure
because there's someone behind me.
Sure.
I ordered this monstrosity.
well but it's gotta be it's probably hard to just order regular orange juice i
didn't i'm not even sure i wouldn't if you ask me i would say that's probably
not even on the menu just i couldn't find it i thought i found it i got this
thing the verse was eight dollars eight dollars
and then i get it and it's like this lumpy thing with like
sherbert in it and it was like i want a milkshake i would have gotten
and got a milkshake somewhere.
I just want a juice.
It's a job just because it's a juice-flavored milkshake.
It's not chocolate.
Doesn't mean it's not a milkshake.
So I get this thing.
It was $8.
Probably 2,300 calories.
And there's a sign.
When the guy hands me the sign, he like hands me the juice.
He points to the sign.
And the sign says, we have two rules.
We have, like, we have two things when you get your order.
Um, it's like, taste it and let us know how it is.
And now the second one.
And ring the bell if it's great.
What?
They have like a little countertop bell as if you're checking into a hotel.
And the kid was like looking at me and then looking at the sign and looking at me.
Yeah, I did. I turned around on my heel turned around on my heel. I paid eight dollars for this thing
I'm not ringing your bell. I'm not playing your games
Gonna ring the bell
Great job
And I took a sip once I got out of thing. It was disgusting. I threw it in the garbage
Eight dollars eight dollars. Oh, it was just use. Yeah
It was a Starbucks of juice. They had like these weird pretzels now. What is it with these stuffed pretzels?
It's pretzels at Jamba Juice. Yes, they had for they had like little food stuffs there
pretzels
like
stuffed with like mozzarella cheese or something
Like apparently they're working themselves away from the juice part of Jamba Juice
Yeah, once we get out of our touch-and-go contract to the next record
I'm gonna try and get on jumble juice records. That would be a good deal. Yeah
Touch-and-go though. That's it. Yeah, you're on a cool label
But no juice kill those are right. Yeah, of course be quite soon. Yes
I heard about that. It's all but one guy, right?
Yeah, it's mainly just John Brown, but he's been, yeah, I'm not going to, yeah, I'm not
going to get hurt. It's just him pretty much. Yeah. You know what? That's fine. That's good
enough. Yeah, he was the voice. Yes. Talking about a hardcore band. Yeah. The other thing
I saw you ever see these commercials. It was driving me nuts. I
Was so this commercial for like look I know you don't eat this junk. I don't eat it either for like KFC
They like these
99 cent sandwiches
Right, which is probably the lowest grade chicken on earth
People eating for 99 cents. Yeah, but it's like you watch these commercials and these guys are like
Like, uh, like the one guy's like, hey, dude, uh, like, uh, how'd you get this?
I'm like, you got a buck.
What'd you get the sandwich?
And then they watched the guy, the guy in the commercial, like trying to pretend that
like this 99 cent sandwich is a full meal.
It's like, I'm just eating this sandwich, dude.
Like, as if like, as if like it's going to take him five minutes to eat it, like he's
He's nursing it, like, I picture it, I picture it being like white castle size, if it's
only 99.
It was like white castle size, guys trying to act like that's a meal, got this thing
for 99 cents, it's a sandwich, not even a sandwich, the sandwiches are made of whatever
animal used to be uh... the thing on james's head
weird egret
one of those weird scary uh... turkeys that you see in the woods
and uh...
you find them in the woods and you do it
yes
oh ted leo what are we going to do with you
other than see you in concert
Well, I hope you will.
And buy your new album.
If it ever comes out.
What?
When it comes out?
OK, thanks.
Well, thank you for calling young Ted Lea.
Thank you.
Have a good week.
You have a good night, too.
All right.
Bye.
Jamba Juice.
Just eating a sandwich, dude.
It's 99 cents.
Anybody tries to pretend that that's more than, you know,
that's maybe two bites.
Maybe.
I'm going to say that's a thin second bite.
How dare you?
How dare you, everybody?
All of you.
I'm going to play music now.
New rules.
What do you think of the show under the new regime, Mike?
Think it's got a better vibe or a worse vibe?
It's hard to read, it is, it's tougher now.
It's like Rollins banned this show.
If this show was Henry Rollins, we're moving into Rollins banned territory.
We're moving into, we're moving into weight, I'm trying to think of some of those Rollins
banned albums.
Ugh, wait, is that what the show is going to be?
Late period Rollins band albums?
I don't even want to be here for that.
This is like, uh, come in, get some.
This is like the new album from Clinic.
That's not the clinic.
That's Big Star.
all going wrong. You know it's not going wrong. New album from the clinic.
Alright, let me get it, stop, alright.
You know what else isn't going wrong?
This reissue of 2Cd Arden reissue featuring Big Star.
I didn't even look back on a gun
Music's so loud
Can't tell a thing
Thinking I don't want to say
I can't find no lines
No, I love you a lot
I just don't know
If it's a flood, waiting for a brighter day
I can't find a way, I'll go on and on with you
Like you fall and light with you
I don't care whoa, whoa, whoa
Baby, I'm too afraid
I just don't know if it's okay
Tryin' to get away
And everything, why don't you check me out, it's gone too far, beside this car, but no
No, I'm beautiful, not long
And I get a love
Oh, girl, I'll be with you Like to fall, and I'll be with you
I love you too
Whoa, whoa, whoa
Since you look back on the car
Music's so loud
Can't tell a thing
Think you never want to say
I can't find the light
You give him what I take while I have
You know you don't spell out the people that you can hear
With both and all else you saw, you came and come clean off
The people that you knew, come for free
And get in
With the witch once again
And get up
It's a witch hunt, I hear a light flying in a breeze
And when you roll off, I know that it's in the daylight of the people that you risk
With birth, the further they come with,
Well, you won't know, give up the people that he is
Come for free
And get in
The witch on that you live
And get up
For which one's there is a life right in here, please
We don't know where we're from
One at a time I quill you want up all of you now
Oh no, yeah, comes for a place
Don't get in
There's a witch on that hill here
Don't get up
There's a witch on that hill
A life frying here
There's a witch on that hill
I'm so sorry
I'm so sorry
Check it out when you're walking through the water
It's like, there's a living in your heart
To the water, just like in here
They're looking to take your mind and you just
Get a listen, just talkin' back to the fire
I'm gonna walk into the saddle
In the right last minute, you talk
Get a wedding, just talkin' back to the car
I'm gonna try to make a move into the street
Cause that's a part of it
I'll be right back in a few minutes.
I'll be right back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
Oh, yeah, WFMU is the Orange WXHD Mount Hope World Wide Web, WFMU.org, Jesus is the best
shown WFMU.
My name is Tom Sharpling, host tonight's episode.
Just heard from James Pants, the album's called Welcome, it's on the Stones Throw label,
always a great label, finger on the knife, before that clinic, when their great new album
do it we heard a song called The Witch made to measure and starting us off
from the collection thank you friends the art and record story a two-disc set on
the big beat label, documenting the amazing label out of Memphis. We heard
back of a car, the demo version of back of a car from Big Star. Great stuff as
As always, 201, 209, 93, 68.
We're talking about bad parents, bad kids.
I want to hear your stories.
FMU, you're on the air.
Well, my parents were pretty normal, I guess.
Your parents were pretty normal?
Yeah.
But have you ever seen any of these bad parents, bad kids?
Oh, absolutely.
absolutely at that uh... uh... uh... over short-hills have seen
uh... on my god at the short-hills mall absolutely terrible i'll just stick to
the comments if you
you know if you if you please yet that it that mall is pretty uh...
horrendous the sales mall yuck i don't like it
uh... it's bill
bill
oh hey bill how you doing
i'm doing okay
i i know this bill from the double c yes
uh... work
i'm doing okay what's uh... you know it's it's it's funny this is the first time
i've ever actually heard your show
it's so cool to hear your voice on the radio and i think that it's actually
of great things about it
uh... until recently
ok until recently sure yeah all right
uh...
where were you on saturday
yet that the game
game uh... the softball game you're supposed to pitch you know all my god
yeah
all your all gee
i am so sorry or what we had our eyes are it's our medium pitch softball league
you're supposed to pick it we're supposed to get the big game against
soft bridge
i'm so sorry
here
here's what happened okay
i had to go visit my mother at the hospital
your mom oh my god yeah
is she is is your mom okay well
actually act act actually no she was she was in a really bad way
uh... she wasn't doing well at all
and uh... i'll be really honest it was it was very very very very touch and go
for a while
uh...
uh... were so scared and issue okay now
oh yeah she got all her uh... all her work done with you
but what it was super swamped though
or what do you mean by her work
like she
in the hospital
no she was never actually
now you want to miss her to me she she was never in the hospital as as a
the patient on i think you i think you've understood that probably
well no that you just said you visited your your mom at the hospital i mean i
was just a it
if i thought you were saying she was sick
no she
no she works
at the hospital
that's what i said
so your mom
wow okay your mom works at the hospital
but you were just saying you know she was in a really bad way and it was it
was touch and go for a while
well yeah what she had she had all this work to do and and and she barely got
it done
uh... yeah
uh... but she did get done
okay yet
but funny after i after i thought her i went across the street to that
that new barns and noble
you know
uh... wait this is a this is a uh... new bridge press material
yeah yeah uh...
there i don't think there's a barns and noble
near near that though
away you know you must have misunderstood me again and you know i never said uh...
but
i i didn't say i didn't say that
you did you didn't say what
that i was it
at that hospital
we know you just said you were at
hold on a second
you just said you went
you said you were at the hospital
no i didn't
now i know you did
i wasn't at any hospital tom
you said you went to the to the hospital
to visit your mom who i guess works there
even though the way you said it
it sounded like you uh...
felt like your mom was sick
but then you're saying she's at work and then
you know
you're saying it's across the
it's across from her
i'm really confused here
no i was at my mother's place of work
new bridge document destruction
uh-huh it's a paper shredding service
in the hospital no i never know
but the hospital one of their main client that's what that's probably where
you're confused i think
yet she had all these reams to uh... to shred
all
okay yeah
so so your mom
i'm really confused okay
your mom
works
not at the hospital
but for the hospital that's one of the client yes yeah
for her company yes she shreds their reams uh-huh yeah
uh... why did you say you were visiting your mother at the hospital
uh... you know i
i think you really uh... miss and understood me and you're you're kind of
reading too much
too much into this like i said
one of new bridge uh... document instructions client is new bridge of
uh... piscopalian Lutheran
hospital
and she was shredding their reams
they have a lot of reams to shredding a plea first of all please stop saying
reams why
because it
it's making me uncomfortable okay
so
okay so your mom uh... so it was not the
it was not new bridge press materials new bridge of piscopalian Lutheran exactly
yeah
and she was shredding
the reams yes you know lots of things that paper again
why do you have a problem with it?
It's really terrible, I just don't.
Well, anyway, go ahead, yes.
I'm just trying to explain why I wasn't at the game.
I had something very, very important and very unforeseen
that I had to deal with.
And this was what, again, this was visiting your mom
at Newbridge.
What, a document destruction?
Yes.
Yeah.
But why are you?
it sounded like you were trying to just say it like she was in the hospital
why are why would you do that i didn't mean to say it that way i i don't know
i guess that's that's kind of how it came out i i i don't know
yeah
so so you went to see your mother uh... when
like this was uh... gosh i guess about ten thirty a.m. on saturday
yeah it's like it's like about an hour before the game yeah
um well i mean you definitely could have come over
to to the game after you saw her it's not that far away
like i was saying i i ended up going over to that barns and noble
and you're never going to believe that they were having is like once in a
lifetime thing
sure they were having this in store book signing uh-huh dick frances was
there
okay i couldn't miss that could i
dick frances yeah i've always booked uh-huh
so you went to the dick frances book signing absolutely i got him to sign his
new one for me
yeah it's great the dick frances has a new book and oh yeah yeah what what uh...
i didn't know i'm kind of a dick frances uh...
buff myself oh really didn't you don't have it yet
no what is it what's it called
what's what called the new dick frances book
it's com
uh...
it's called
uh...
the uh...
uh... man what's it called the
the horse that
that went away
the horse that went away to the other side
to the other side
because
i i i didn't know dick frances had a new book
i'm just i'm at amazon
as one of check i don't do you don't need to do that
why why are you doing that
because i i'm interested in the new dick france well you'll be interested to
know that i got a fine copy for you
are really absolutely yes
That's nice. Made out to you. Yeah. Oh, thank you. Yeah, I mean, I look forward to it. Can you
Can I get it tomorrow? Like, can you bring it back? Can you bring it to work?
Tomorrow at work? Yeah. Oh, man. What? Oh, man. What? It's gone. What's gone?
I can't find it.
Oh, I can't find the book.
Yeah.
Okay, you can't find the horse that went away.
To the other side.
It was here a second ago.
I swear to you.
Oh, great.
Well, thanks.
Somebody must have stolen it.
Nice.
Somebody stole...
Where are you?
I had my house.
So somebody just stole this Dick Francis book from inside your house when over the last couple minutes like a couple minutes
Yeah, I just all like two minutes ago. I was talking to you. Yeah
Banks, I hope they didn't steal the Vonnegut book
What do you have on it? You had Kurt Vonnegut? Yeah, I got those sign too
great
You got Kurt Vonnegut book signed. Yeah
Like Kurt Vonnegut he's Kurt Vonnegut is dead right Mike
Yeah, Kurt Vonnegut is dead. Oh, you must have misunderstood me. How could I... No,
you said you got your Kurt Vonnegut book signed. I did get them signed. How could I
misunderstand that? I got them signed by Dick Francis. Why? You got Dick Francis
to sign these Kurt Vonnegut book? Yeah, they're all first editions. The copy I
have a slaughterhouse five yeah it's in christine prediction
uh-huh so perfect
can i can i ask why why you would get
dick frances to sign
rare
uh...
valuable curd voniget books you're not a collector if by that by any stretch
of the imagination are you
no i'm not
haven't you heard of this but this huge market for
unusually signed items
uh... that no this is all news i was mad that there is a article on on s choir
like uh... actually it's an issue is coming up on quote extensively in it
really yes wire magazine
yeah
so where is this the one is the one coming up
uh... you
i think so yeah
the bill if you sound like
like you're
you know i've i've known you
for a for a long time right
and why are you you just sound like you're like weaving a tail i'm not weaving
anything
i mean if you couldn't make it make it to the softball game right
that's fine i've told you i could make it
and i'm not exactly clear why
well
because you were at the signing of
i was at the book signing yeah and then i got i got your thing sign which i'm so
sorry got stolen i can't believe these guys uh-huh
roommates
uh-huh
so you're like some
but you're also like an expert on these collectible
absolutely
yeah like right now i'm selling on on e-bay this incredible item
uh-huh
i have a baltimore cult helmet time by uh...
gerrymandu
really yeah
like a call like an actual football absolutely yet
there's talk that it might have been uh...
then uh... johnnie night is a helmet
i can't verify that but i'm going to verify when it gets old okay yeah
so it's up to twenty five hundred dollars right now
this helmet absolutely selling that on e-bank yeah yeah
do you have a u r l for that
of course i do uh...
on e-bank yeah
e-bay dot com oh come on we don't need a look that up i want i want to waste your
airtime i want to see what it looks like that's but my my best piece
uh... going for way more than that
way more than this this uh...
juror depard absolutely i don't know what what is what is that uh... ever heard
of the white album
sure yet the beatles out uh... uh-huh
guess who it's signed by
uh... i have no idea all
four members
all four beatles yep all four members
well that's it that's
that is pretty cool that's all all four members yep
and peter benchly
and who
peter benchley
peter benchley
they all have a guy who wrote jaws
and the deep
why
he signed
he signed your copy
of the white out he sure did you know
yeah
what uh...
here's the backstory i met him at uh... jones con
uh... uh... back in the late nineties
and all i had for him to sign was my signed white album
and i i i just i always have it in my car
and so you always have it in your car absolutely yeah why you're not worried
about uh...
a Beatles album like a rare
signed by uh... to the beatles are no longer with us
those dw bugs are pretty airtight you know no one ever i've never heard of
anyone breaking into any of them
uh... okay
uh... i can't have and followed it but yeah
you know whatever so you have the album in your car yes yeah
well i'm trying i'm telling the stuff basically to raise money from my uh...
my pancake election supper which i'll i'll talk to you about later okay
but uh... anyway
it's up to ninety thousand dollars
which is kind of surprising
uh...
why's that because it's kind of a legible
what what's a legible the the writing on the front
of uh... well one of the signatures well
basically here's what happened i i had to hear benchly sign it with this huge
marker
and i got kind of smeared was kind of one of the kind of wet almost like a
laundry marker i guess you call it
and he actually personalized it to bill
and it's a kind of cool it says to bill watch out or old job is going to get you
and then he wrote this out this is amazing wrote out
then
then
how about how many of those did he write well that
i mean i think that was like twenty five probably i think i'd be like fifty
of them
really yeah
on the front of the white out yet
he wrote so much that his stuff kind of bled into george and john's name
uh... kind of a bummer so it actually looks like their name say like i don't
know like jim harvey
and job
lester
uh...
now you're selling some ebay right now i think ninety thousand dollars so far
i just checked i cannot find any
trace of that
all of probably under one of their secret auctions
uh... hahahaha
as a secret all yeah yeah
uh... again bill i'm gonna just say
you do you don't have to lie i'm not
well why do you think i'm lying if you couldn't make it to the game yeah
it's okay
well i have a very good reason why i didn't think i've never a good reason
it's not that big of a deal well here's what i can't wrap my uh... and around
why do you think i'm lying
cuz you have because
i don't want to say this on the air because it's kind of uh...
you do you do have somewhat of a history
of of lying and i've got to know you
you do
really i've known you for a long time
like will give me an example
um
like back in uh... jr high like when um...
you came in telling everybody you had the uh...
the new tears for fears album these i was like it was the follow-up for our
i was a songs from the big chair
and with that was like it almost a year before it came out i did have it
you had even you never we never saw it i did have it
you know that my uncle work for the record label and he got me a copy of
like a tape of it sure but you do why didn't you bring it in
like i like everyone asked you a hundred times well like i told everybody
i'd been bad in my mommy put the tape on top of the fridge where i couldn't get
it down
uh...
you couldn't
on
you were one of the tallest kids in our class
you were like you were what did you play where you center for the new bridge
junior high starting center yet for the basketball i was all conference
Why?
And you couldn't reach a cassette on top of a refrigerator.
Well, for starters, I wasn't sure which fridge it was on top of.
The one in the kitchen or the one in the garage where my daddy kept his steaks.
Daddy loved his steaks, so...
His steaks?
Yes, steaks.
Yes, maybe you've heard of them steaks.
Our dead animals, you call them dummy.
uh-huh
yeah no i've heard of steaks
yeah
like all food
but what what is all food
dead animals
all food is not sure it is
it's not sure it is it's not
what's not a dead animal that you eat a vegetable
you eat vegetables why do
because they're good for you know they're not they take careable
well not for me uh-huh yeah
so you but uh... so you
you couldn't
your two refrigerators in your house
the one in the kitchen right
and the one i wear it you say in your garage my daddy kept it fixed yeah
both those bridges were like eleven feet tall uh-huh yeah
well and there wasn't a
chair in your house that you could go get
well you know
my mommy didn't want to playing around on her furniture
yeah
see one day my brother patty and i
uh-huh we're throwing hamburgers
at each other yeah and one of them got ground into mommy's favorite wicker
couch
why do you say mommy and daddy like that that's what
we call them why
that's what you call your parents
um...
mom and dad
that's not very respectful
okay well
okay i'm sorry i'd you know
you're saying you're throwing hamburgers at each other
and one of them got stuck in her couch or something
it's called screener bobbie what he calls his parents
what it what do you call your parents mike
was a mom dad you never called the mommy or daddy
said not since i would not since he was six
superlighter respect i don't like it uh...
yeah
anyway we ground these hamburgers into into the wicker couch yeah
and i i have to tell you that the result
yeah was uh...
beating the likes of which i've never known before
or since
okay
but that's what stopped you from getting the
the album
the cassette that you were bragging that that you had
i i i couldn't get up there i think we couldn't do it i don't believe that
why
you know you've done it before though
this is when you know i'm going to let that one slide okay what else did i do
like the crawl action figures
that you said you would gotten it came hard
i did
uh-huh
i got all of them there you went to school and you were bragging about these
crawl action figures that you got right
and you said you got him a k-mart i ended up begging my mother to take me to k-mart
and we we probably went to five k-mart
and they never did they said they never even had them in stock
all you know what
you must have misunderstood me
i didn't think a mark i think a b toys
well i don't know how it could have been cb toys
because there was no cb toys in our area
sure there was
there are no there was no
you know i i can't even have this
this is a uh... a throwback but this is the pattern that you have done
as long as i've known you bill
i don't agree with you
uh...
wasn't what what we just let
the past be the path okay
and
you can it just
so what why again
didn't you go
after you got assuming you got the
curd voniget book signed by bick frances uh... and the new dick frances
book the horse who went away
or whatever was called
other side
to the other side
which you can't find because apparently
someone stole it
right here
so
after all of that assuming
that that actually happened right
why did why did you not go to the game after that
because by then i was watching myself on t.v.
you're on t.v. yeah where where where on t.v. on the
t-v monitor
uh... what what t-v monitor uh... at saturday live
wait or you're you're saying when when was this
like eleven thirty
am on saturday
uh... yeah but that's not when that's i said i was eleven thirty p-m
on saturday well this was eleven thirty a m i'm not sure the exact time to cut
both my watches were stolen
but it was definitely in the morning yeah
but they don't do it at eleven thirty in the morning
you were such a pella dummy my god
you know they run through the show twice during the day on saturday you've done
that's completely not true if i was there it's not they do the show once
they do a dress rehearsal once at like seven o'clock at night
then they do the live show
so if you were saying you were there at eleven thirty in the morning
that is not true well i was there
i would they're in scranton
scranton
to see saturday not live
yes the corral
steve away i'm confused
steve you were you're in scranton yeah i was watching him do his show
he was on parrot live
you're watching steve karell do
was he hosting saturday nightlife from
scranton well that was the weird thing no it was um... it was
it was thought it was like he was in uh... like an office
why are you lying
what do you mean
this is insane what you're saying we're talking about all the shooting and i
was shooting a show
this is how it's there
this is all about
this is all about you just not showing up to a softball but isn't i'm
telling you why i wasn't there
this does not matter
if you did if you had some
you do not have to leave some story
there's no story at all
it's getting more insane
and i don't tell it is what you're talking about what i just said you're
said you were watching saturday night live in scranton pennsylvania at eleven
thirty in the morning yeah
but steve carrell was there was it like the show he's on
it was a thing where where he's talking to the people he works with
uh... yeah that's the office yeah i was there
while they're taping it i guess for the office yet
i guess uh...
i guess you misunderstood me because he's hosting fair and live this week i
guess that right yes yes i i think you miss understood that i didn't miss
understand that at all i think you did
i didn't yes you did so you so you were saying that okay
assuming i did yeah i didn't yeah i'll just let that go okay you were
where you were in scranton pesylvania watching
the office get filmed
i get it yeah yeah yeah
actually let me be in a scene too but they cut it i think
uh... yeah
they said that
so you're in a scene on it
yeah i won't i'm not exactly sure what time it was going like i said but my
watches were stolen uh-huh yeah so i had left with my wallet my cell phone so i'm
not really sure what time it was so you're watches more than one watch is stolen
i wear a couple
uh-huh yeah
and both of them were stolen uh-huh yeah that you couldn't know what time it
was now
uh-huh yeah
yeah and what about your cell phone
what about it
you said you have a cell phone yeah
how did you not know who you couldn't look at the clock on it it doesn't have
a uh...
have a time readout on it
uh-huh yeah
do you have a cell phone that does your cell phone doesn't have a time readout
no well for your information it's one of those high-death cell phone uh-huh
Yeah.
Oh, a high death, which, OK, which I've never heard of.
Well, yeah.
But they don't have clocks on them?
No, they don't.
It doesn't have a clock, but I can keep in constant contact
with Nassau.
Nassau?
Yeah.
You mean the island?
No, oh my god.
Nassau, the space company you asked wrote dummy.
Nassau.
Nassau.
OK, so if I'm following you, you were in Scranton.
watching the office
and you were on camera or something i was in a sketchy but they were
or it was seen but they uh... you know that they that they asked
uh... hit candidate and who did you play in that you were in the scene where
you're playing an office workers are like a new guy
uh...
how did that i'm going to ask how that came about i i guess they saw me in the
audience may thought i was so good you if they saw you in the audience of what
in the audience that watches the live audience for the office yeah yeah
which is not taped it's not a tape you are such a liar what are you talking about
there's a whole it was like three hundred people there and now that's not
how the office on well when steve carol came out uh-huh he was doing crowd
work like an hour
and he and i were riffing
for the studio audience of the office why
because it's not doing that first of all it's filmed in california it takes
place in pennsylvania well uh...
tell that to the other
four hundred people that were there watching it with me
you
why do you do this bill why do i do what why
well here's why i have a question ask you it's the most inconsequential thing
ever
well you missed a softball game but i told you why
you're it's getting crazier and crazier no it's not you know it's crazy
what where were you on monday
where where was i on monday yeah
i have a
monday yeah
uh...
i know where i know where you weren't where at the mccain rally new bridge
common
was to
in that new bridge commons yet john mccain yep i was there uh-huh yep i got
him to sign a copy of uh... of my peter chris out now to control
uh-huh yeah
okay
yeah so so that you so you you met john mccain at this thing i did yeah uh-huh
and you know what happened on on the way back
the way back from what
when i was driving back from the rally
yeah
guess who i helped change attire
for
i have no idea
donald trump
say i don't know why you do this do what i'm just telling you stuff from my life
you you is it some weird desire to be a big shot or something i'm just telling
you it how it is
it's always been like this tell me something that did
that you did
yesterday
i went to work and and then i went
to the buffet afterwards okay well i helped donald trump changes tire and he
uh... and that paying for my house
so what so you passed it is car or something was broken down his limo
uh...
i think it's limo driver would run off for something on what happened
so you got out and then
changed the tire for it i did yes yeah uh...
uh... yes and and he paid for my house
he paid for your people so appreciative you don't do you don't do not have a
house you live
you live in that that weird apartment complex it's like above that uh...
that abandoned batting cage
uh... place i know what those guys
i didn't say he bought me a house i said he bought me house
you said he bought you a he paid for your house yet he bought me season five of
houseland dvd
okay well here here's one for you
he bought you
that i have some bad bedside manner doesn't mean he's rude
who house yeah health yeah well you know what i'm going to say
this is a small line
I'm gonna I'm gonna let you slide on the you fixing Donald Trump's limo
I did okay well alright alright season a season five of house is not out on DVD
well I'm holding it in my hand you're holding what in your hand the house season
five it doesn't exist yet well I've got it it's not it I think season five is not
even done airing yet what do you mean of course it is I think season four is on
the air right now. I've got it. And I've watched half of it already. Oh my God. That
guy's bedside mannered is worse than the doctor where my mom works. Worse than the doctor
where your mom works. What you said she, this is I guess going back to the first of these
18 lives that you've told that she works in a hospital, but she doesn't work in a hospital
for you. I said the hospital is one of her clients. Yes. So there's a doctor who works
at a paper shredding company?
Yeah, so yeah, they have to have this doctor
on call because sometimes the shredder really runs hot
and people get there
and they get their hands blown out and torched.
Because the paper shredder runs hot.
It runs really hot, yeah, yeah.
It's a really common thing
that happens at these paper shredding places.
I actually did my desert station on it.
You're what?
My desert station?
What is that?
i keep forgetting you've never been to college
now you've never been to college who hasn't you
no but i did complete an email correspondence course on a
workplace injuries and that's where you wrote a uh... desert station or
dissertation is probably what you meant to say what that
it's what you meant to say okay well anyway i have a d a in it
a d at a doctorate of all
d that's not what doctorate that's only d a stanford does
what does d a stand for
doctorate of all it does not stand for doctorate of all it certainly does
what do you think it's a little lying like that i'm not lying at all right
you know you lied to me plenty of time i remember it would please tell me
when okay
one
uh...
okay back in nineteen ninety eight yeah
do you remember this time you said you were going to meet me at the batter
butler at seventy and this is like july
uh... we're going to go to i think we're going to go see
gosh what was it i want to say it was docking maybe
uh...
and uh...
no it's probably yeah okay
was it and i suppose to be the batter baller at seven p.m.
but could sell you those prong tickets
and when i got there
yeah you were already there uh-huh you must have gotten there like six thirty
or something
because i got there at six forty five you lied to me
so me getting somewhere early is lying you lied yeah
because i said we'd meet at seven
thanks
some friend you are
uh...
just hold sick and me
how many lies did you just tell i didn't tell any
i'm i'm i'm shooting from the hip
you are you are this is really you have a problem
why don't
hey guess where i was last week
where
you'll know if i wasn't at work right
i didn't notice but uh... i guess i'll take your word for you didn't know
i was not at work no i didn't
well
i lied
uh... told me in dalrymple
and i said that i had stress throat
and uh... i was actually on a renaissance mission with senator mccain
are you you were you were you were on a mission with john mccain yeah
renaissance mission
i'll rent a rare a rare a renaissance mission yeah i went to iraq with him
was a wild okay you went to iraq oh yeah with john mccain yeah uh-huh yeah
it was not guess what i did over there um i have no you drove a tank yep
what else did you do guess what else i did uh i don't know did you uh fly a plane
also yeah mm-hmm you shoot anybody yep you uh it's what I said you save
anybody yeah yeah sounds a bunch of people uh-huh well it sounds like you're
kind of losing enthusiasm for your own lying. Who is? You. I'm not lying at all. So you
were in Iraq. When was this? Was it? When was this? I don't like a week ago or something.
You don't know. Okay. It's great though. Didn't think to remember when you went over there.
know who was you know who was um yeah trying to think of something you know
it was entertaining the troops over there who you yep uh-huh my base with
your base and and they all loved it
What was that they all loved it? Yep
This is just you you don't you can't even maintain the energy to keep lying sure I can you know who else was in into it a lot
um, I
Don't know who's the words. What's the name sports golf?
Schwartz call who's not?
Has nothing to do with this war Pete Rose was there. Okay. Yeah, anyone else
George Clooney. Yep. Oh, yeah. He was there too. Yep. Okay. Why no now. Why no now? A couple of the go-go's. The go-go's. Okay. Yeah.
You're really just gonna keep lying like this? I'm not lying at all. Uh-huh. No. Yeah. Yeah. You're you're you're really you're gonna go back there too. It's gonna be great. Sure. Okay.
you. This is just sad. What is you? No, yeah, me. This is just that you have lost. So, or
is this it? You're just going to kind of just sit here and kind of hang out for the rest
of the show for the next seven minutes. Nah. You're going to move on, you're going to
a hang up
you uh...
you're going to uh...
we did hang up
so draining
Gee, it's creepers.
Bill.
Oh, so I think I'm going to go see Speed Racer in at IMAX.
Would you go with me, Mike?
You would?
You meet me at that Palisades Mall in Niaq.
I'm telling you.
Now this mall has a bad reputation.
People say it's sinking.
This Palisades Park Mall I think it's called.
They said it's sinking.
It's too heavy for the ground it was built on.
All I care about is it doesn't sink when I'm there.
But otherwise this mall is like paradise on earth.
name a place, they got it. Name something that would be in a mall, Mike. Sam Goodies?
No, wait, wait. Sam Goodies doesn't exist anymore. Crazy Eddie, no. Now you're just
being silly. Everything. Spencer's, I'm sure there's a Spencer's in this mall. Fat burger,
They got it.
What's that?
Chess king, I guarantee there's a chess king in this mall.
Cheesecake factory, got it.
Best buy, got it.
Dave and busters, got it.
Tell me, this place is so huge, there's a price club in it.
In this mall.
Dave and busters, they got that.
There's a bowling alley.
small small slalala it's like paradise
and they have an eye max theater with speed racer playing
i gotta see it
you see speed racer oh by the way everybody should go to the uh...
to the
place called
There's a show on Monday.
I will give a plug, too.
Let me find it.
Let's see.
On Monday, it is at.
Give me one second.
At the comics.
on West 14th Street on Monday, May 19th at 8 p.m.
A show called Wasp Cove, which everybody should go see.
It's done by Julie Klausner.
Very exciting, very exciting.
There will be the debut of it there.
It's like a soap opera.
You know what, we got four minutes.
I'll take some calls.
Open phone Tuesday.
Under the new regime, 201-209-9368.
God, that guy's such a liar.
Such a liar.
Tries me nuts.
Bill, it's always been like that.
Why does he do that?
Nobody?
201-209-936.
That open phone Tuesday.
It's on you.
Whatever you want.
We'll do.
People don't like the new regime.
People don't like the new rules. They liked it the other way. It was like a substitute teacher was here.
Everybody goofing around like it's the hot for teacher video.
Stays are over.
Also, can I just say right now Van Halen?
Did other people really fall for that?
That's some of the worst.
I thought it wasn't one of the biggest shell games ever perpetrated on young people in America
Drummer can barely drum bass player could barely play bass a singer that could barely sing
And somehow they were the greatest rock group ever
That couldn't sing
Is that singing?
What happened to the good old days with people who could sing?
Rudy Valley. Guys who could hold the tune?
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey Tom. Hey who's this? Connor. Connor from?
Washington DC. How are you Connor? I'm good, how are you?
You over at Discord House? Oh god, I
haven't been up there. I do know what it is now though.
about the high back chairs reunion I have I'm not a huge discord fan now
on us now more of a simple machines guy no more of a lamb chop guy merge
record you like merge yeah more power to you what's your favorite merge record
lamb chop lamb chop there you go which one a nixon at off my phone FM you you're
We're on the air.
What's up, Thomas?
Jedidiah.
Jedidiah, from Brooklyn.
Yep.
Member of, uh, uh, Danielson family.
Yeah.
How are you doing?
I'm doing alright.
How are you?
You guys give me the high sign when you're ready.
You guys over there, the DJs.
Give me the thumbs up.
Alright, you got it.
I had one for the topic earlier, but, uh, then, uh, you got some other calls.
Let's hear it.
Let's hear what you've got, Jedidiah.
Short and sweet.
Sweet yes, I was waiting for the bus yesterday morning and a woman walked by with her probably eight-year-old son
Pouring down rain and he just turned around and punched her right in the stomach
I couldn't believe my
And you can see you're kind of like wind so it wasn't that it wasn't this kid stuff really hurt
Man, you know what I would do if my kid did that what put the fear of God in him
I would tell him to go pick a switch in the middle of Brooklyn. I'm going to whip them
on the street in front of everybody. Yeah, what's the Brooklyn equivalent of picking
a switch? Probably picking up a dime bag. Beat your kid with a white belt. Throw a kickball
in your kid's head. Something like that. Oh, Jedidiah, thank you so much. You're one
the good night you're a good guy you're you're you're a great guy Tom oh thank
you FM you're on the air Tom yeah oh Mike from Marston Mike from
Morristown 07960 hey you hanging out in the square I was just walking by it
coming back from the pub mm-hmm I'm throwing flowers at the new regime it's
it's welcome here yes thank you yes small change for minster of culture let's
start clamping down
that's right uh... but we need to get out
exactly we got the weaklings
yes yes
snoozes i'm sick of these boring callers
nice and i think i was but they're boring
it
well i'm just here for a w-th and i'm a great show i got made back to a catch
the last half hour thank you
you have a good job
that's right we're back to w's and else
what do you think tonight was mike
straight-up w that's right
heard it. F. M. U. You're on the air. W. Who's this? This is
Donia from Chicago. Donia from Chicago. What part of Chicago?
South Side? No, Humboldt Park. You have a pizza with a
relish on it or whatever you people eat there? No, no. No.
Pizza tonight. You Cubs fan? Cubbies? No, I'm a Brewers fan.
Brewers. Yeah. I'm from Milwaukee originally. Then you move to the big city. Yeah. All right.
That's right. You like it in Chicago? Yeah. A lot of great bands came from Chicago. They sure did.
Can you name two of them? They're not great though. Name two great bands from Chicago.
great band yeah um bless you really feel like thinking you don't feel like thinking i think
that sums it up right there i don't feel like thinking i'm just good night i don't feel like
thinking then don't call fm you you're on the air hi i'm john from boston so i don't get to
listen to you very often only when i stream on my iphone so i want to know who their previous
I've heard him, I've heard your show a couple of times.
What are you showing off with your fancy iPhone?
Yeah, you know, driving on the IOA and then see it's kind of cool.
Yeah, I heard this guy, he's very entertaining.
I assume he's been on your show a long time, a long time call it.
But who is he, what's the deal?
Who's that, the guy from Morristown?
Yeah, the guy who just spoke.
I don't know.
So does he call you all the time?
He calls once in a while the guy from Morristown,
he likes the show.
It's very entertaining, I gotta say.
I didn't think he was that entertaining.
All he did was talk for 90 seconds.
No, he's sorry, I've only heard it once before.
I downloaded your program once before.
And I was laughing, just going out of a non-cut, so.
Were you too busy at the Apple Store?
No, no, I gotta say.
Good night.
FMU, you're on the air.
Oh my God, I run with Tom Chaplin.
What's that?
I just, this is a thrill.
How are you?
Doing okay, what can I do for you?
Uh, this is Greg out in Phoenix, Arizona.
I don't trust that.
Since I was talking to Nord War for a minute there.
It's the other thing, I moved the show up to Canada.
Nord War, right?
Be dealing with guys like that.
Nord War.
Not the guys down here, dude.
Down here we got the jerky boys.
Up there they got Nord War.
another quality gap
tired of the quality gap
down here
johnny brendon from the jerky boys
as the worst
fm you you're on the air
a time
hey uh... this is a brian from chicago
how are you doing
i'm doing good i am i just want to thank you for uh... changing the uh...
chicago stereotypes from our political corruption
and um... organized crime to our weird food
i think we we could really use the change-up
you could have everyone just always in every display al Capone like how could
do you run an al Capone
you're changing it up but appreciate that
you're welcome
you're welcome i'm trying to fight stereotypes i'm wondering though how
Chicago we'll throw the election this year though yeah I well I don't know but
I'm shoebox probably boats probably involve meetings putting some relish
on some pizza no that's just being silly I have no time for that all right WFM U
East Orange WXHD Mount Hope are you ready sure guys gonna do it WFM U East
Orange WXHD Mount Hope worldwide on the worldwide web at WFM U dot org this has
has been the best show on WFMU. New regime, straight up W.
We're going to, the victory is going to keep going with nickel and dime radio, a small
change coming up telling you. Don't shut this show off. This guy's on fire. This guy's in
the zone right now. He's like, uh, he's like, uh, he's like, uh, he's like the, the basket
that almost looked like the ocean. He just puts it up. It goes in. What am I playing?
CD2, here it comes. Good night everybody.