Aha, yeah, it's time for the bus show on WFO U.
He's gonna be cool, he's gonna look.
He comes, look up, get ready.
First day.
Hey, who's this?
Well, I am but a child governor of Alabama.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
We have an event.
Hi, it's Gerald Perlmutter.
Tom Sharpling, governor of party.
Hey, Tom, it's purple, sir.
Hey, Tom, it's Mark Michaels.
This is Richard Clark, Richard Clark.
What's your name?
Baron.
Baron.
And what's inside the two?
Fire, quiet.
Maurice Kurtz?
Horrified.
Hey, Tom, it's Bruce.
Tommy!
Who's this?
Genji Vitis.
Genji Vitis.
Yes, they have Rick Velodie at the wall.
I guess who's what?
I hate you.
It's Peter.
Hey, it's Steinberg.
Mm-hmm.
You are creepy, and I'm hanging upon you.
Calling Roger Depp. My name is Ali Fairnock. I'll say it. You'll hear it. You'll do it. I'll get it
You'll learn it. I'll live with it and you'll die without it. Smash your trash
Good day. What's up, Thomas?
Jim Riffle, how you doing? When I get to do the toilet talk now. It's a bar feel of the new century. My name is Tom Riley
I'm calling from New Zealand
Hey, this is Ted Lea. Whaaaaaaat? This is Pete from the Future. Hi, Tom. It's DJ Terry Chase.
Hey, from Knoxville. Super caller. It's off to Tom. My name is Mike Zajak. Get off my phone. I don't care.
Hey, this is Ippi Pan, man. I'm going to go to bed now. Bye, man. Hey, Tom. It's Gordon.
How are you?
I was in a band in the early 90s.
My name is Jerry Page.
Come, point me in this, uh, Jeffrey Luedell.
It's a fat, diseased, wilder, ragged, magnificent.
The disenfranchised have a home now.
I'm the hero of the disenfranchised.
The blessing I love if you ask
The blessing I love if you ask
We will hear you
.
.
And you never knew you were too long, heartbreaker
And you never knew you were too long, heartbreaker
And you never knew you were too long, sweet little love maker
I wanna take your heart, yeah
Do you know I know
You got to be our man, oh man
Oh, foxy lady
Oh, baby, listen up, I'm beating my mind
I'm tired of wasting all my precious time
You've got to be on me, oh, man
That's amazing
Give it to me
I'm gonna take you home
I won't do you no harm
You've got to be on me, on me
Fucks a lady
You're not comin'
I'm comin' to get you
I'm comin' to get you
Fucks a lady
You look so good
Fucks a lady
All you have left is a world of tea
You've used a world of tea
Like a world of tea
All you have left is a world of tea
A world of tea
A world of tea
No little one on those grass in your garden
Riding my name on your fish, go the sand
Casting up shadows in the wild
The outer <E.D.> tall
Who hasn't listened
Laughing around
Open your mind
Cause play with empty time
We'll be with the way
I won't be with the way
But I'm like this is the light
Just don't push it
That is from castaways
Pelled with the tights
Yes, the love shadows the light
The heart won't shine at all
As it leads down
After the pain
Oh please don't mind
Cause break it in the time
We turn the rain till serene water's in mind
The day we could lose one of the trees that was never the end
I'm riding my name on more grass in your carvings
Rolling along on your flesh your good sense
Shall we choose you?
Well, I think that
You will make me smile
And take you to the place of the day
I still want the shadows and light
The art of sharp thought
The person is found
Like the long way
The blue heart has lost
The keys to your prayer
I've been in your mind
It's been an empty time
We'll be worse the way
I will be worse the way
Sometimes you'll rain up on the sea
Make the rain look into me
When I'm near to all of that great
I'll make the morning last old days
See, I've been down to New South Wales
Both my love has been in jail
Oh, but my sister she got beat
Now she's across this great, great scene
Now I've been hard to watch you cry But there's no peril now you'll be my man
There'd be no comrades, don't even dance
It's just them workin' over time
I am down now, but in the end
I can't prove to all my friends
Cause we all know, we all have a sin
We all know, we're going to again
And when I was laid and shaken
I couldn't say what I had to do
Well, I bet you, cause it's on top too
And here we go around again
Oh, I'll see you, I'll only you know what you've done
Oh, I'll see you, I'll only you know what you've done
I know it don't take the writing of a song, tell you what, I was doing it all, what, what
I feel that I might never see, it's where you were, back in 73
In a white man, he ain't no one for favor, he always ever fell
Like he says that his dream's racist run
But we all know it's just a race by the truth of one
And white man wasn't laid in the way he lived
I couldn't say where I had to be
And I thought you knew I'd like yourself to do
But you got it wrong again
Oh, see I hate
Only you know what you've done
Oh, see I hate
Only you know what you've done
Oh, see I hate
Only you know what you've done
Oh, see I hate
I'll even know what you've done
I'll even know what you've done
Only in the way you've done
I'll even know what you've done
Only in the way you've done
Only you know what you've done Only you know what you've done
Only you know what you've done Only you know what you've done
Only you know what you've done
Only you know what you've done
We're all those happy days, they seem so hard to find
I tried to reach for you, but you have clothes too much
Whatever happened to our love
I wish I understood
It used to be so nice
It used to be so good
So when you're near me darling
Can't you hear me exiles?
The love you gave me nothing
Has can save me exiles
When you're gone, how can I even try to go home?
When you're gone, though I try, how can I carry on?
You seem so far away, though you're standing near
You make me feel alive, but something died I feel
I really tried to make it up
I wish I understood
What happened to our love?
It used to be so good
So when you hear me darling can't you hear me and saw it
The love you gave me nothing is the same
When you're gone, how can I even try to go on?
When you're gone, how can I carry on?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
But so when you're near me, darling, can't you hear me?
And so when you're near me, darling, can't you hear me?
And so when you're near me, darling, can't you hear me?
When you're gone, how can I even try to go on?
When you're gone, go and try, how can I carry on?
Don't stop the good
Don't stop the good
I brought control of the queen
We're in a region for the top show
There it is, it ended today
The world is in the region for the
Top show
Double U F and U
Top show
Double U F and U
Top show
Double U F and U
Top show
But that's how I'm going to end it
But that's how I'm going to end it
I
Almost forgot
You look at it. You look at a server, you know that has all but the stations on it and look at the listener counts
I'd go down this road again. I've been down this road. I don't want a guy's gonna bring
a microphone down to the station and a cooler. You're banned. Seriously, you're banned for
one year. Call after that year, okay? See you in 2008. Get off my pound!
Yeah!!
Yeah!
Bass Show!
You can't stop it!
Germs tried to stop it last week.
Can't take it away.
Germs tried to stop the show last week.
Paralyzing me.
But you know what?
I'm bigger than that.
I'm better than that.
That's Bass Show.
Number one show here.
can't stop the show that's right that's right squeaky
yeah squeaky the newest feature squeaky
You like squeaky, Mike?
A little squeeze toy I got.
No, it's not a duck.
I will never show squeaky to you.
All right, squeaky
We're back that was me punching the mic
I
Tired already
Gonna go home
Mike go get pangaea. It's over shows over
Ran hot. This is the Morton Danny, Jr. of shows we ran hot for eight minutes and now it's over eight minutes
90 seconds
Right squeaky
right we got a hot show coming up for you tonight telling you right now you
start rolling tape on this roll tape
you're using Adobe Audition click record or for those Mac users perhaps
Amadeus will fit the bill
All right, we just heard from ABBA I
saw some people on the
The the friends of Tom chat saying that that was their crowning achievement. It's up there
SOS is up there
Before that I was from the ABBA box, of course, sorry ABBA box
Alba Box is giving me a funny look before that TL RX right Ted Leo in the
pharmacists CIA from their hot album of last year living with the living best
album of 2007 what's going to be the best album of 2008 what's it going to be
any leading candidates yet Mike you know my I know Mike's a big proponent of the
Robert Plant Allison Krause album. He's been pushing that pretty hard.
You like that record? Do they do the, they do like when he does those covers, like
Black Dog?
The black hollies before that. No, not the black collies, which is again, what I would
prefer the band rename themselves the black collies. And a couple people wrote me saying
that there are black collies, but I do not think that they are black collies the way
I picture them. I picture them. I want to see a black collie the way
The way venom is in spider-man. I'm talking like pure black
Like where they're they're reflective almost
You can see your reflection in the black collies fur if you dare get that close
But from their album casting shadows, which is a truly a great album. We heard the autumn chateau
It's on the Ernest Jennings label
And starting us off, Jim E. Hendricks.
Boxy lady.
Oh boy, there's already a line flashing.
A 201-209-9368.
This is going to be trouble.
It's been waiting 20 minutes.
Is this person going to, uh...
Is this person in a mush mouth?
Yeah, that is...
That who it is?
Right, fair enough.
FM you, you're on the air.
Hello Tom.
Oh hello Spike, how are you tonight?
I'm doing just fine.
On this fair, May Eve.
How does this mayor...
This fair, May Eve find you.
Ahh, splendid.
Splendid, eh?
Yeah.
Yeah, how about Hillary?
Excited?
They just declared that she won North Carolina and Indiana.
Oh, wait a minute.
Let me look here.
They just declared.
And Obama is saying there are reports he's going to concede by Thursday.
Oh, I really don't want that man-hater in the White House.
Who?
Hillary.
You have yet to come up with proof on that.
Man-hater.
Well, she's being supported by the likes of Gloria Steinem.
What?
Yes.
Well, so who is the man-hater?
Oh, Gloria Steinem's definitely a man-hater.
What are you talking about?
Not Andrea Dorkin
Oh, she's another one
Yeah, she's dead
She's not involved in this election
You... you goofball
No, I don't want to run the White House
So what's new Spike?
Ah, nothing much. I have my iPod here
You saw me downloading your shows
Downloading this show on your iPod?
iPod. So when you put it on shuffle, this is what I picture your iPod being like on
shuffle, song by the Penguins, episode of the best show, some Lynn Samuel's thing.
Oh, no, I don't think she does podcast theme theme from Chuck E's revenge.
No, I don't have that one yet.
Del Vikings. I didn't get to them yet.
Are you excited about this new, I saw listed
when I was driving down the Garden State Parkway.
I'm going to look it up right now.
It is at the PNC Center.
Let's see what it is, let's see.
Come on.
Let me see.
PNC.
They ain't closed.
Hoping up windows.
PNC Arts Center in Homedell.
Let's see.
I saw a listing for an exciting show, which you were the first person God help me.
I thought of when I saw this show listed.
Oh, I'm sorry, I was.
It was a Dewwop show.
Oh, really?
Yes.
Aha.
you mean no britney no you know who's the other one the one that was in the
magazine of the one from the magazine yeah oh what what's her name she drives me
crazy silly virus is that her name yeah that's her name silly
silly virus who's that that the little girl that this Hannah Montana check oh
Oh, yeah. She just entered your radar?
Oh, with that being a silly virus.
What are you working for Wacky Packages?
Oh, that's a good job.
What's that?
Oh, that sounds like a very interesting job.
Working for Wacky Packages? Yes.
Yes, it does sound like a good job.
If only they were making Wacky Packages anymore.
Oh, I need to find this bill.
Bill, I need to, I'm going to type in, let's see, do <E.D.> let me type in, let's see here,
do <E.D.> homedell, New Jersey, let's see what comes up, oh here we go, here it is, you ready
for this is this bill
uh... let's see it says it's the uh...
says it's the delvikings
and any defranco
any defranco
uh... lovely
are you going to get are you going to go to that show
well maybe just be the delvikings i'm not sure about any defranco and the
buddy rich orchestra
are playing on it
Apparently the son raw orchestra has shifted over to Buddy Rich.
I'm right into Annie DeFranco.
Isaac Hayes Jr.
It's an Isaac Hayes Jr.
Yeah.
I didn't know that.
It's guaranteed to be an X-rated show.
It says he's just going to do, it says pure filth with Isaac Hayes Jr.
How about I want pure filth?
Yeah.
You know, I can go to a Madonna concert or...
yeah uh... getting from the bedroom concert
i know
i'm so sick of those uh... jennifer lopez concerts
they're driving me nuts every time i go to my local or uh... arena
she's playing
what if you have to win that one
what she what
she has to win
so
you're like the wc fields of this show
meaning you're a hundred years old and not very funny
half my phone
how about this one mike
fm you you're on the air
com
hi who's this
worry
how are you
okay
doing okay
start the clock
and i don't know when during this portion of the show
Okay, did Spike get the clock?
No, he didn't.
Aw, it didn't seem fair.
Look, Spike, I have an internal clock on that guy.
Okay, so I wanted to tell you about this horrible comic book I came across.
Stop the clock!
What is it, Laurie?
Well, I remember the comic book shot for free comic book day.
Yeah.
And I was looking through the...
which was Saturday, right?
Free comic book day was Saturday.
Right, so I really...
A lot of kids at the comic book store?
Um, um, um, I actually went to the one up in Fort Lauderdale.
No one, no kids want comic books anymore.
Yeah, and this place kind of skis a little older.
There's like an art gallery adjacent to it, or like, um...
I like how they time, uh,
Free comic book day on the same week
that Grand Theft Auto 4 comes out.
I know.
As a way to just completely draw the lines between, uh, between generations.
Yeah.
Um, oh, so that way you weren't there on, uh, last week?
Wait, why was I not there?
You took a grand theft auto sick day?
I don't play that filth.
I'm just kidding.
Anyway, I look over on the racks and I see a book called Helen Heller.
A comic book called Helen Keller.
No, killer.
Helen Keller.
Yeah.
Okay.
And basically Alexander Graham Bell invents these glasses, magic glasses or whatever.
Yeah.
And it gives her super powers.
So it's basically Helen Keller as a superhero and she's drafted to protect the president
Mm-hmm McKinley from
Anarchist who drew this I I don't know
Drowned by someone who wishes they could be Frank Miller
Which is kind of sad because you know, he's sort of awful
Yeah, so I'm
Well, you didn't like 300
Yeah, I mean, I know it wasn't by that
Frank Miller, but it was something trying really hard to be Frank Miller, and it was
really not fun or funny, like it was drawn serious, like at the serious comic book.
And at the end, like the guy who wrote it had the nerve to say that he was inspired by
howling color or whatever and this is serious he's like um it's howling
color as their devil basically and it's awful it's the worst comic book I've
ever read now you just gave it all kinds of impressed now everybody's gonna want
to see it I know heard of it oh no everyone heard of it
It's all 400 of us.
It's um...
Mike is going to Jim Hanley's now.
He's going to Staten Island.
He probably like it.
Have I got a nude op?
I don't know.
Maybe you should pick up hack slash versus chucky.
Say, well, he's at it.
What?
I don't know.
Me?
Thanks, Lori.
Gotta move on.
Gotta move on.
Who's this comic book talk?
Who do we get? This is a grown-up program
What are we gonna talk about next?
The lock horns?
The comic strips?
Prince Valiant?
Who read that?
Who's a kid growing up on Sundays? Prince Valiant?
No one liked that.
But like in the star ledger, they would have like the color comics on Sundays, it would
be like Prince Valiant.
Wow, what an exciting adventure.
Now it just came across a thing online called the Dew Op Preservation League.
This is great.
The Dew Op Preservation League continues to play a major role in the ongoing redevelopment
Efforts taking place in the Wildwoods
From influencing planning and construction, so what are they trying to turn Wildwood, New Jersey into a doo-wop town?
What is doo-wop?
There's a reason why the nature is getting rid of doo-wop
guys like spike they're the ones flying the flag go to some do-wop show see that
guy right's wiki fm you you're on the air yes hi hi who's this it's Rodney
from Newbridge Rodney from Newbridge I just want to talk a little bit about
comic book that I received okay on free comic book day that I truly enjoyed
Oh, what what was that? Well, it actually fits in with what what you're talking about. What's that?
Well, it's uh, I'm not sure if you know about this comic book, but it basically it combines Hagar the Horrible and
and Dewab
Really? Yes. Yes. Hagar the Horrible. Yes the comic strip. Exactly. Yes, and Dewab, and what is the name of it?
It's called Hagar the Dewabber. Why?
Hey, hey are the doo whopper. Yeah, basically what happens is, you know, hey,
are the horrible you were that horn hat? Basically, he loses his horn hat in a
bed. I don't want to get that far into it. Okay. But basically, the horn hat
ends up in a charity auction. Okay. And the people that buy the horn hat are the
Moon glows. So the moon glows by this horn hat and does one of them wear it?
Oh yeah he wears it and then Hagar gets really mad. Okay. And he murders one of
them? He murders one of the moon glows. Yeah you know because he's like an old
time biking. He knows all the ways of the old time. Like Vikingery ways of
murdering which is like how well you know I think one of the things involves
like the tailbone of a yak murdering so one of the moon glows Hagar murders
one of the moon glows with the stabs him with the tailbone yes it's quite
great it's all it falls under the umbrella of graphic novel again yeah I
I guess so. Is there how many pages was it?
Pardon me?
How many pages was it? Was it like a big thing or?
Oh, it was like a book with like 300 pages.
Why?
300, really?
Oh yeah, yeah. It's not for kids.
OK.
So Hagar the Dew Whopper.
Exactly. I just want to turn you on to it, you know, because I mean,
you turn me on to so many things like Big Dipper, Red Cross,
anything else?
That's pretty much it.
Yeah, that kind of covers it.
Yeah.
Rodney, I might check this Hagar the doo-wop around.
Please do.
I think I might.
OK, can I ask you to play something?
Sure.
Would you play mob rules?
What's that?
Mob rules by Black Sabbath.
Mob, that's one of the D.L. albums.
See, that's the second time, like, in a couple of weeks,
you've you've spoken uh...
uh... poorly of of the deal version of of black sappen
i don't like it
uh... it's at all
oh i'm sorry ronnie
watch your step
why is everything have to be a threat
there's no threat at all
just watch your step
does all that's not a threat
there's no threats at all why do you like pain
then you watch your step
i didn't do anything
all your defensive now
i didn't say anything do you want to die
no i don't
i didn't do anything i didn't say anything
you're taking this way too seriously uh-huh
you're
okay i had your breaks cut
oh great
thanks uh...
well
then he's gone
rodney
Thanks Rodney.
Rodney did mention one thing though.
He mentioned Big Dipper.
And I took a trip last week to Boston to see Big Dipper.
The Big Dipper got back together, basically propelled in part by this show, I think.
We had something to do with it, helping reunite them.
So in celebration of the reissue of their back catalog, the band got back together and
did three shows.
a show in Hoboken, a show in Brooklyn, and a show in Boston.
So I drove up to the Boston show last Saturday.
I'm driving up, you drive up through Connecticut.
You see the signs change where it goes from Yankees.
Then all of a sudden it's like, who's better? Yankees are Red Sox.
Then it's like red socks, so you see like the signs change as you go up closer and
But by the time I got into Boston
Yeah, you'd think it was Christmas
With all the red and green
like every every one of these people up there I'm telling you three out of every
four people was either wearing some sort of red socks memorabilia or Boston
Celtics gear and and all over the town all over giant banners for the for the
Boston Celtics all over the town. Drive past the government buildings like a
60-foot banner with that horrible logo there's that dumb-looking leprechaun as
that has to be in all of sports the dumbest logo. Show me a logo that's
dumber than a leprechaun promoting a basketball team
yeah the hornets logo that's still a hornet though it's fun
yeah still no way is that even a fraction goofier
than that leprechaun for the Boston Celtics. Chief Wallace are just straight-up racist.
Chief Wahoo and the Atlanta Braves, they should all be ashamed of themselves with that logo,
although that's how it flies down there in Georgia. That's what flies down there. That's
They probably look at that as being sensitive.
That logo.
But that Celtics logo of the leprechaun,
with his, I think he's got a little pipe.
I gotta look at it now.
Now I have to look at it.
I wanna look at that logo.
Boston Celtics.
I've got to see this stupid logo with this little cholale.
Look at that guy.
Weird one eye open, one eye closed, this dumb, he's got a vest on that's only got three leaf
clovers on it.
What a dumb logo, and he's spinning a basketball on his finger.
That's all you see all over that town, that stupid logo.
And just for the record, the Celtics are a complete embarrassment.
This tee is a, you watch a basketball game, you can't watch a basketball game without
seeing some commercial promoting the Celtics as a as a like a gods yeah gods
very excited as a god-like performance in the playoffs past week
letting a bunch of scrubs like the Atlanta Hawks take them to a game 7
It's embarrassing. It's the best team in the NBA can take into a game 7 by the worst team in the playoffs
Embarrassing then that then all of a sudden comes down to that game 7
They start they crush the Atlanta Hawks like they're supposed to and then these guys are like yeah
Actin like they did like they're doing something that is it was impressive somehow
That's what they were supposed to do. They were supposed to flatten them
Got Kevin Garnett running his finger across his throat like you guys are dead
Yeah, of course. Yeah, he's never should have won one game. You stiff
that jerk with his
Roar what he roars when he's like mr. Passion
I wish somebody would pour like a cup of hot coffee in his mouth
when he opens his mouth like that and does that that roar of passion you know
what yeah try making his shot in a game that counts as a flop a team at the
that team's not winning at all they're not winning at all they just handed the
entire every other team in the playoffs how to book on how to do it
dismantle those uh... those stiffs
bunch of uh... playoff flops
all-uniting
all-uniting
embarrassing
sell takes
those fans
Who'd want to wait? You know what? If I was a fan, I'm supposed to walk around that leprechaun on my jacket.
I'm going to drop two hundred eighty bucks by some dumb jacket with a leprechaun on it.
I was going to walk around the Looney Tunes jacket.
So anyway, put that on nice. Put that on nice.
Let's move on.
although how funny was it uh... the other night in the uh... basketball playoffs
that when the uh... hornets
did a stunt
before the second quarter of the game where they had the guy uh...
their mascot hugo the hornet jump through a hoop
uh... flaming hoop and then they sprayed uh... the flaming hoop
with uh... fire extinguisher and got it all over the court and it took a half
hour
for them to have to get the court so that it wasn't uh...
slippery
it's planning
great idea there
rinky think that's rinky think
that's a rinky think organization
spray the uh... fire extinguisher right on the court
what do you think
but anyway back off of it
gotta move on
Nobody wants sports talk.
Everybody gets bent out of shape.
We talk about things that involve people moving
on this show.
God forbid, we'd be talking about something
where somebody actually exerts physical exertion.
So anyway, stay in this hotel in Boston.
The worst hotel I've ever stayed in.
like a doll house
this tiny room
and what is it what do you ever stay at a hotel mike have you ever been in a
hotel not a motel hotel
once or twice ok
ever go to the side of these hotels where they um...
Where they, uh, like they, is apparently the appeal of the mattress
is that it's like a bean bag chair.
Like, why, why, uh,
is that an appealing mattress, a mattress that you sink into?
And then, uh,
that's comfortable.
That's supposed to be comfortable sinking into a mattress like that.
We're pretty much you get folded in half. Oh
Our mattress that our beds are so comfortable. Wait. This is the softest mattress in the in-in town. Yeah, oh great
Who's gonna pay for my back surgery?
Cuz now literally I got folded in half
I was asleep in a Murphy bed in the wall
Oh, that was an old show tonight. Murphy beds, wacky packages, doo-wop.
We're skewing old. I got a skewing young. And I do it a skewing young tonight.
Grand Theft Auto, y'all. What up?
I did wait online for Grand Theft Auto.
I have it at home, apparently though you need some sort of game unit to play this thing.
I was very disappointed.
Apparently there's some sort of home gaming system that you need to bring the game to
life.
so we get we stay in this hotel
then uh... then uh... take a uh... cab over to the middle east where uh...
where uh... big dippers playing
the cab driver
first thing he says
first thing cab driver says
say a guy he said go go to the middle east i'm from the middle east
And then he goes, uh, guess which country I'm from.
It's like that cannot go well ever.
Guess which country I'm from.
I feel like you're bound to insult the guy and say the wrong country is going to
be what do you think from what do you think I'm from there?
That's great.
let's just uh...
let me guess which country that you're from
the uh... the uh... the uh...
every country
oh you're from uh...
it was like uh...
i don't know where you from uh...
and finally he says he's from uh... he uh... he ran
I ran for my southern listeners.
I ran.
It's a nice enough guy though.
Don't make me, because I was pressing it.
I'm the customer here.
I'm the customer, I don't wanna guess
what country you're from.
It's like, come on, guess.
Then when you throw out a country, it's like, no, no.
I get to the show Big Dipper come out they play first of all the great great
planes opened up they were awesome and Big Dipper play totally killed it but
before they start I'm up front I got my spot this is it I'm never gonna see these
guys play live again the odds are against it so I get way up front secure my
spot then the room starts filling up and then and then this drunk Boston trash
showed up I think it might have been the sister of the the Celtics leprechaun
she showed up shoved her way up and she said to me hey tall guy hey tall guy
can I get in front of you no tall guy
yeah get lost hey tall guy can I get in front of you no you can't how dare
you. I've been logging time. I don't think I want to float around the club. Go from
the front to the back. Hang out. See you. See you I know. No, I'm locked in the
front. I'm not moving three inches. This troll expects to slide up front. Get
right in front of me. Hey, poll guy. So then, Big Dipper kill it. It's great. It
ends with jet. It went out like champs. Next day, driving out of Boston. Who do you
think I see walking down the street amidst the sea of the sea of of people in
Red Sox and Celtics jackets and people dressed like colonial colonial
bellringers or whatever they were. Who do you think I see? 201-209-9368. Who do you
think I see? No, not Ben Affleck or Matt Damon. FMU, you're on the air. Can I
take a guess? Sure. James. Oh, it's me. You saw me. I saw you. Hey, how you doing
tonight, James? What? I can't hear you. I can't hear him. Yes, you can. I can't
I can't hear him. I can't hear him.
Something must have been wrong with that line.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi, Tom.
Who's this?
It's, uh, Owen.
Boring, Owen.
Here.
How are you tonight?
Here.
here here's an idea
she's up on the uh... face book uh... bulletins
every day
finally get a message i get a look said i'm like a like an eight-year-old
getting a piece of mail
else and i it's
it's one
another one of your uh... you are else
understand you're trying to do the right thing
but uh... you're over doing a little bit
facebook uh... suppose a little bit of facebook etiquette
so let's get who do you have a guess who i saw
or i figured it was that the person said it's all that
no it was not the person who said it's all that
i wish
it is saturday it's about a hundred a week of a bag of groceries out for the
mailman to pick it up
really so everybody can leave uh... what like uh... canned goods
can't go to spot
but the boxes
and then your mailman will automatically take it that's a nationwide thing
nationwide to leave a little you know plastic bag whatever by mail box
you know what
every time i want to get mad at you
every time i want to get mad at you
you show that you're a good guy
i can't do it i can't get mad at you
thanks a lot
fm you you're on the air
Hi, it's Terez.
Terez.
From?
Hello.
From?
From Jersey City.
From Jersey City.
How are you, Terez?
I'm well and yourself, Tom.
I'm doing very well.
Good.
Good.
I have a guess for who you Tom.
Do you actually know the answer, though?
I don't know the answer.
I'm legitimately guessing.
Could you got the inside track?
Do I?
I can't pretend that I don't know you.
know i know that i know you but i i haven't spoken you in the past few days i
who was it who do you guess that peter wolf
no it was not peter wolf
every time i go to boston i think peter wolf on the street really
it's weird to do in that dance
uh... no he's not doing me uh... my blood runs cold my memory has just
been sold
he's not doing that dance down the show no no no yeah he's not yet yet
but um... i do i do see him and he's like one of those people that i see
who is just like
i'm a famous person i don't want you to notice me but are you noticing me not
wanting you to meet what not wanting you to notice me
yeah that's that's the thing
that's how famous people are
i know
push me push pull push pull
exactly
exactly i wish i could say you got it uh... right but you did not
all well
Oh, well, I look forward to hearing who it actually is.
Oh, it's going to be very exciting.
Thank you, Troy.
All right, I'll talk to you soon.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hello, Tom.
This is Julie from Cincinnati.
Julie from Cincinnati.
How are you tonight?
Just very super.
It's my birthday.
Tonight's your birthday?
Yeah, but anyway.
Wait, no, no, bop, bop, bop, bop.
What?
We don't take this lightly.
Tonight's your birthday.
Yes.
Ahhh. Ready?
Yes.
Ahhh.
Ahhh.
Happy?
Oh, I'm trying to find the right note.
Ahhh.
Oh no.
Yeah.
You.
Me?
Well, you don't even know how to accept a happy birthday?
You know what I've got to do.
You, me.
I've got issues about accepting nice things.
then you know what happy birthday Julie thank you so much I love this show though
oh you're sweet to say that now I was going to say you saw the leprechaun on
the street but somebody already said that I wish I saw the leprechaun the
Celtics leprechaun oh I know the hey tall guy leprechaun oh that though that
leprechaun yeah yeah did you see the Celtics leprechaun on the I wish I did
that would have run them over
you weren't you
i thought you were in a cab or something
what's he going to uh... fight my car with his chilelli
i didn't know you had a car i thought you were taking a taxi
now that was the night before
uh... okay sorry
i was driving home now
who did you see though please
as a personal
take it
not personal you'll hear it you'll hear it
you'll hear it stay tuned
How might pass out by then?
Yeah, what?
Did you have any cake for your birthday to get?
Nope.
No?
Are you going to?
No, I'm trying to lose weight.
So what are you going to have for your birthday?
Well, what did your significant other get you?
Anything nice?
Yes, but I don't want to say what did he get you?
You can tell me.
All right.
I'll tell you.
Are you ready?
Yes.
Um, he got me. We had some quality time together.
Okay.
Yeah. See, that's creepy, isn't it?
Is this, like, uh, a conjugal visit?
Mm-hmm.
Except not in prison.
Okay.
In the living room.
But, I am in prison.
You're in prison?
Yes.
Oh, what for? Taxes?
No. For crimes.
What kind of crimes?
crimes against humanity because i don't support that
of talking to the deranged
yeah i know i called
now i'd like you to be happy birthday
thank you tom sometimes do you think i can talk to the fight on the phone
do i think you can talk to call early you know when spike calls call up and i'll
uh... make the connection
serious though i can talk to him on the phone absolutely that will be my
One goal was really boy Roy, but I did that and then I'm like Jesus Tuesday. I'm bored
Not bored. You know in a good way board. Like I have to call come sure. We'll see what we can do. Happy birthday
Remember telling everybody to tape this one you stop taping
Fm you you're on the air
You have a guess you have a guess. What's your guess? Was it Al from ssd?
No, it was not Al from ssd. Oh really? Okay. Well
No, that's any other guesses well Mike Dean from
gangrene
No, it was not anybody from the from the it was not nobody on
Was it was a cliff hanger from
I'm from the freeze, although he's an even kid cot, but I think he makes it into town sometimes.
It was not, no.
It was nobody on tang records.
We on tang, okay.
Anybody from Stranglehold?
No.
They weren't on tang.
No, it was not anybody from Stranglehold.
Anybody from the proletariat?
No.
Jerry's kids?
No.
from jerry's kids
and and
that now
it was not dead dancing
that's a pretty huge leap there
uh... the mailman
mailman cheers
the mailman from cheers to cliff
have you ever seen television to tell a dummy
yes i i've seen television but that's a character he doesn't live up there
sure he does they all live up there
he does not live up there
does too
he does not
though does what your name uh...
check uh...
uh... what was your name
not surety but not sure stuff that does it with that the veto
reappearlman
what is that their name yes
yeah not her
now okay who she's a shelly long
It's really long, yeah. It's kind of smallish up top, yeah.
Ew.
What did I say?
You know what you said.
No, I didn't say anything.
Alright, thanks for the call. What's your name now?
What?
What's your name again?
Pardon me?
I don't like that guy.
Was that Hammerhead?
Man.
Hammerhead.
you know what we'll figure out who it'll be later we'll figure it out but I have
something to get to tonight and no it's not me talking about the Hall of
Champions or the fan fiction I'm starting to get a couple things in
and people are sending in fanfiction.
It's not me talking about the 33 and a third brush off I got.
That's right.
Tom's still at zero, book wise, zero.
Nice enough guy, still got the brush off.
Still got the brush off.
Give me the brush off, 33 and a third.
The best thing that ever happened to you guys.
Do you know who I am?
I wanted to write one for cornerstone by sticks.
I wanted to write one of those 33 and a third things for that.
Didn't go. Didn't go for it.
If I'm you you're on the air. Hey Tom it's Ted. Ted who? Ted Leo. So anyway I'm telling
a story right right that I'm driving around Boston right right and then I see a celebrity
on the street as i as i'm leaving
do you have any guess who it might have been
well it was it when i was with you or not it was you
i'm driving down the streets of boston all of a sudden it's like
look over there who's that doesn't that look like uh... ted
and it is
unbelievable
thank you by surprise
It was very exciting to see you walking around, you were wearing a Red Sox jersey, where you weren't, you were wearing a Red Sox jersey, right?
Well, you have to up there. Yeah. I don't know how to hat as well. Those people are sick up there. If you want to, if you want to not keep up on the subway, you have to have at least one article of Red Sox clothing.
Yes. It's sick up there, or a Celtics thing.
Right.
And again, look, I know you love the Irish music.
You're a big fan of the Proclaimers
and those fans of that ilk, right?
Exactly.
Tommy Makeham.
I know you're a big Tommy.
I know you're a big Tommy.
I make him in the Clancy Brothers.
Yes.
But when you see that Celtics logo,
Is that the dumbest looking thing you've ever seen it's pretty dumb cuz he's wearing a like a vest right? Yeah
He's wearing them bring this correctly. Yeah
With a vest thing on give it a leprechaun jacket, you know like the noted name logo. That's all right leprechaun as far as I'm concerned
But but wow who's associating any sport with a leprechaun?
Yes, you want a leprechaun out on the court. You want a leprechaun point small playing small forward for the Celtics
well they can work a little magic on you you know tonight's line on your legs yeah
a two two the leprechaun yeah leprechaun I wish they put a leprechaun out there
guys got what is it a one-eyed leprechaun it's got like one eye is glued shut it's
got a show you're underestimating the power of pecan so you've seen the
movies
yeah and we've we've talked about this already
that's right that's right
throw some shoes at him
and you're saying that about that
you can't worry about the leprechaun
and barbie o'gill in the little people he got the leprechaun got
got a short end of the stick in the end
exactly got a word exactly darby o'gill in the little people
how old is this show skewing tonight
that's right
now uh... what can people look forward to from a dead leo
for me uh... not much for a while i'm hunkering down trying to work on some
new stuff
new stuff
yeah yeah
knows it's true that you're retired
from performing live is that true
uh... well
before you and i had our falling out that was true but
now
you know when you stop talking to me because we have that falling out things
I said I needed to prove you wrong, so I'm coming back out of retirement at that time.
Yes.
And I'm starting the lobbying right now.
I've emailed you three times, I have two or three times, for a song you need to play
live.
And I will not stop.
And you said, did I say no?
That's right.
I haven't rolled it out.
As far as I'm concerned, anything short of yes isn't no.
Oh, alright, alright.
Keep talking.
Anything short of a yes isn't no.
The leprechaun, just wait till it's a little leprechaun.
sprinkles a little fat little <E.D.> dust on it uh...
what a dumb character a leprechaun is
it is pretty dumb
like he's always little buddies nasty
all that
what a little gem i'd love to have love to see more of him
he'll hit you with a little cholale
boston
thumbs down on boston i'm sorry
those people need to uh... eat some humble pie
they think they're flying high up there
i'm from still pro-boss and i gotta say i'm still working on we're not going to
do it tonight
but coming up everybody should get ready
for an upcoming topic
in which on this show
we go coast to coast
to find out
uh... what what city
how should i phrase this
what city in america
is home
to the biggest mutant
the biggest newton snowman uh... plural of the biggest uh... the biggest
i'm not not like hey i know this guy right now right now right now that we
initially i think i can participate in that but then when i thought it was
singular i think i actually can do it but yeah
i'm i'm excited for that topic i have a lot to offer i think
you'll have a lot of what what all the top of your head what city comes to
mind
whoa i've had some real interesting
just walking down the street moments in albacurkey
it's lots of lots of their left of that the city of mutters are lots of
muttering muttering people walking around the streets in albacurkey
people on the uh... chatter saying uh...
pittsburgh
who has been out of chair
so you know i i would not i wouldn't uh... i wouldn't strike bloomfield new
jersey off that list either just yet
old bloomfield
what you get a uh... some bad onion rings over hollstance
it's kind of a metaphor for my life actually bad onion
would you consider
thanks for thanks for encapsulating my life like that
when uh... when when deadly on the pharmacist are ready to pack it in
Would you consider playing your final concert on the roof of Holstens?
Absolutely.
Wouldn't that be awesome?
Amazing.
I prefer to do it as part of the now weird annual tradition of harvest fest.
Harvest fest?
What's that?
Yeah, it's some stupid fall festival that they have every year now for the last 10 years or something.
In Bloomfield?
Yeah, a place where there hasn't been a harvest in like 200 years.
that's what i was going to say how much
of all the stuff being sold
i'm assuming things are being sold at this
harvest best
what falls on the category of anything that has been harvested
nothing it's like all the crummy you know polyester dresses from the you know
any says that haven't you know
i think like yeah i've been sold off the rack they put bring them out for
harvest so those of that that that's what sells at harper harper's best
but we are about to start a new topic
I was going to call it, you know, so I've been thinking about it, you know, it's like
sometimes you just need to find out how you can get the short hand on this stuff, on who
the good people are and the bad people are.
So I want to call it, I want to call it creepa-pedia, right?
We're going to put together a creepa-pedia.
Like for example, in Creepopedia, there would be an entry called, and I hope there's no
Creepopedia online, there would be a like cigar aficionado would be an entry in that.
Right.
You see that on somebody's coffee table?
Yeah.
Tell you something.
Exactly.
Like people who were a little too into Samuel L. Jackson, you know, where they're just like,
it's clear they just like him being that guy and it's got like a weird, like, crypto-racist
undertone to it.
Yeah.
Like, and then they get mad when he's in a movie and he doesn't do that thing.
You know what I mean?
Oh, he didn't curse all the time.
Right, right, right.
yeah he wasn't that guy because maybe he's an actual human being who uh...
so let's get it started
two oh one two oh nine nine three six eight do you have anything to add to the
creep of pedia
um... actually yeah i i was just walking past washing square park a little bit
ago and i saw a lot of people
um... having like a weird
silent light saber fight with these plastic like neighbors
yeah i think there was one there was one guy one
person among them who was definitely over forty five
and you know maybe just any event with that where everybody else is you know
twenty
that one
one person is obviously
the way it was way too he's like uh... when uh... funds he was on happy
days
yeah and hung around the school a little bit too much or were so i think exactly
the coolest guy on earth funsy and also it's like wait a minute
everyone graduated two cycles of students went through that school
and this guy's still hanging out at the uh... ornaments
extremely
two tight jeans
so you would put the lights a view
oh jeez well what is that
that was uh... somebody around in the corner
had nothing to do with me
very exciting
well ted leo i tip my hat to you
Likewise to you good sir, and you have a good good evening. Thank you to Tom. We will talk to you soon. All right
Creepa pedia two oh one two oh nine nine three six eight
SMU you're on the air. Hello. Hi. How you doing? I'm doing. Okay. Who's this? This is Daniel up in Boston. Who?
Daniel up in Boston Daniel up in Boston. How are you doing? I'm doing good. I'm mad. You mad
and uh... i'm uh... needling you a little bit
now that i've been a great show actually
you got to admit the people you got a lot of uh...
a lot of adults up there
yes uh... i actually want to call in with something horrifying i thought of
delta scam a few weeks back
but it fits really nicely in the creepypedia what was it uh... kevin
garden at uh...
stomping around like he uh... like he's won his fourteenth championship
even though he's never won anything in his entire life
i like how you how do you think you have uh... co-opted like
floyd mayweather's pre-boxing routine before game start
which is what choking to uh... inferior teams on the road
uh... exactly right now what is what is that
is that what is his pre-fight
well he just he just he just sort of stops around and kind of where's everybody
in point in the crowd it's really
It's meant to be really, you know, provocative and kind of ominous,
but he just sort of looks like a child.
Yeah.
That's a flop.
Kevin Garnett.
Seven-foot flop.
I think he's only 6'10, actually.
He's seven-foot.
He's a seven-foot of flop.
So what would you add to the Creepopedia, young man,
that you saw at a Celtics game?
I'm at this game.
it's just maybe three four weeks ago they're playing the walkie
uh... one of the last games of the year uh... i'm sure they were beating them
right
they were beating them right and they were probably strutting around like
they were uh... like they had just conquered the world
right and uh... and i noticed like
during the entire fourth quarter that there's this there's this gentleman and
maybe like an eight-year-old boy
the road front of me
in the guy is
goading his kids during every like low or or deadball or what have you
and finally with a minute or so after the kid just starts with the Yankees
suck chant
not realizing that these are two different sports
that none of the Yankees are there that night
exactly
i don't care i could care less about the Yankees also
don't anybody get me uh... wrong on that
i could care less about the Yankees
but this ends up being that kind of thing where it's like
you end up uh... you end up i end up rooting for for them just because
by default because the uh... the uh... the uh... the boston sports fan is such a
high like such a high-test mutant
i can't i can't agree with you there about a lot of the lab creation
i think that i think they're equally bad at this point
who's that red Sox and Yankees fans
yeah i know i'm saying they're all the same but i'm just getting forced
you know what i say
a black cloud should go over the city of boston
well to take away all its sports hubris
if you've been here for the winner there's been a pretty black car over the city
for six months or so
who cares
i don't think you do one of us
you want to know what exactly what do i care
i'm in the sport i don't i don't live my life through uh... sports heroes
i'm out there
this is the game right now i'm in it
i'm in it
this is the game i'm not uh... i'm not putting my energy
cheering someone else on
every day i step onto that court
you know who's uh... who's my big recent hero
they've walked from big dipper
dead walk from the dipper
uh...
dave wallock from big dipper all day wall again he's really good
you know i also like i like gary wallock and big dipper cut off my phone
dave what says brother
amateur hour
embarrassing
yeah guy i think i'm pulling a joke because i couldn't understand them
because you have a name right dave wallock
gary wallic you
fm you you're on the air
uh...
well
uh... just to be quickly out to the creepa pedia uh... a friend of mine had
called me today to
hang out with her and some dude that she's shocked up with for the past week
in a hotel room
and i thought that was like the creepiest offering
i don't know about you what do you think on
uh... yes i think it is creepy i don't know what entry we could put into the
creepa pedia though
with that your friend
I don't want to name names on the radio.
Well, let's not.
Goodbye.
FMU, you're on the air.
Too much sports talk.
What's that?
Too much sports talk.
Too long.
Too much sports talk.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I hate it.
Yeah, you don't like it.
No, and you know what?
What?
I'll show you how it's done.
Show me how what's done.
A radio show.
Who is this?
Real soon
Who is this? Oh?
Right
FM you you're on the air
Hey Tom. How's it going? Oh, it's going all right. Who's this? This is Greg and Bloomfield Greg and Bloomfield. How are you tonight?
I'm doing well keeping the Bloomfield colors rolling. Yes
Would you go see the final Ted Leo and the pharmacist concert live on the roof of Holstons? I would be
The first person there, in fact, I could probably hear it out my kitchen window.
Really?
You live that close to Holstons?
I do, I'm right down Broad Street.
Were you there the night the Sopranos filmed?
No, but a friend of mine was, he was getting Chinese food across the street down there.
Very exciting.
It was exciting.
It's an exciting Sopranos anecdote you've got, but you're free to get into Chinese food
that night.
that
that i think i wasn't saying he had an anecdote
well i am i'm sorry
i'd i stole his lame anecdote yes
so what do you have do you have anything for the creepa pedia
i'd do uh...
i was uh...
up in uh... my clear at the movies this weekend
and um...
i want to throw in people who
not only their phone rings during the movie but they answer it
it just and it really like i thought about i'm still thinking about it which
is why i called in
it's um...
it's like a litmus test for a whole level of creep
like uh...
it's just like
like this other level of selfishness that i can't even understand yeah so
like phone rings
yeah i'm at the movies
right in the middle of iron and yet
orton here's a who
it's not very good
exactly i'm watching made of honor
you know
and uh...
uh... it's it's something else
you know when i go to the movie in the city i sort of expect that it's kind of
fun but
i'm not clear you know you know what else goes on the well first of all it's
never fun anywhere
there for a for a phone to ring
i would say
i'm going to put on the in the creepypedia will put an entry about uh...
cell phones and movie theaters
and i'm also going to put on
a uh...
an entry about the uh... people with the uh... bluetooth
because
have you ever
ever ever
seen one person on one of those bluetooth things which looks like a
a uh... cockroach has climbed up onto the per like a robot cockroach
it's climbed up onto the side of the person's head
have you ever seen one person on one of those being like
okay take the uh... million dollars from the
from the one fund and let's transfer it all over this
and let's just uh... double down on the investment
and put
now and it is a little bit more important
important conversation on one of those
it looks like a crazy person talking to themselves every time
especially on the jury transit you hear somebody muttering to themselves and
you think that they're out of their mind and then
that they have a bluetooth
bluetooth
thank you young man
fm you you're on the air
it's on how you do it
i'm doing right who's this
this is forest in Manhattan forest in Manhattan
how are you tonight
i'm doing great thank you
so what do i know the pleasure of this call forest
uh... well i have one for the topic for the creepa pedia let's hear it
mine would be
guys who are in their cars or
walking down the street who make
cat-call to random women on the street
like a lot have you seen this recently like in the last
thirty-five years
he yeah i i think i see it almost daily like twenty threes could do
yeah hi and i just don't know i can't imagine that i've ever been successful
for anyone
uh... so you put in uh... you put in cat calls
in the creepy media
yet they do
for us that is top notch top notch
thank you to the pleasure of meeting you uh... recently face to face again
we met before we met again now
yes that a fantastic show thank you
you have a good night
you
fm you you're on the air
it's not from st paul
nate from st paul how are you tonight
doing all right how are you doing doing all right we call from the mall of
america
uh... no that's uh...
that like the uh... the number one thing you know about the twin cities or
no it's not
okay i was just wondering um... the sole asylum concert
and they're still kind of uh...
revere here for some reason that
yeah maybe it was those uh...
good records they put out uh...
when they started out
i might have something to do with it
sorry i'm being a little cynical whoa whoa whoa whoa who are you proud of from
up there
uh...
i was actually going to say the replacement
uh... uh...
you know in
prince atmosphere
um... joe mower
but you know that's that sports talk there so i'll cut that one off
It's not allowed.
Yes, it's rebooting.
I did have a submission for the creepy media.
Let's hear it.
If you have, on your car, a decal of Calvin <E.D.> on something,
that is a one creep material.
You want to know what?
Yes, you just hit it on the head.
Anyone who has a decal of that, I agree completely.
first off we're starting with the notion that
of putting it down on your car in the first place
yeah you want to express in your daily life like
to fellow commuters that
you have a serious dislike of a competing brand of automobiles that
perhaps for instance if you board
yeah i hate for somebody
yet somebody pulls up next to me for they feel bad because of the cow that's
what you're going for
that and then there's
and then there's the whole uh... you know
It's a bootleg and you know bill waters and hates those things and he can't really stop them because they're uh
So uh, there's so I'm the present
You know litigation isn't really you know effective against those things because they're bootlegs
Yeah, there's no way to stop those decals from getting made
Well, what are we gonna do? Yeah, you know what these people did it's just like if they look if they're I just want to say
I agree with you and it goes into the thing
Mark it down Mike please mark down bootleg Calvin decals. Thank you for your call
young man. Thank you. FM you you're on the air. Hey Tom how you doing? I'm doing
alright who's this? Abraham. Abraham from? Boston but you know. I've lived here a
a few years of the college student but i don't know a whole lot about it
you're the big uh... richard kind fan right
yeah and i don't think it's
that that's it's gospel to me i i don't even know what to do now i
you can be like that i don't even know he does
let's move on
okay alright
so i got one for the topic let's hear it
people who make racist jokes ironically
i can't stand it
ironic racism
put it in the uh... creepa pedia
because my feeling that it's like
okay usually happens with people who are of your own ethnic background
try saying that in front of somebody that you're making the joke about
yeah uh... i know that's the best of whether it's an okay joke to make or to
make it even ironically
they have no cuts
it would never do it a quick question for you
let's hear it
to see ironman
did i see what
ironman
i'll man
uh... iron man
you know iron
all iron man
yeah you know
iron man like
like the comic book
i have not seen it yet
you go see it
yes i will
good it's really good
i think really uh...
i i i i'm just gonna tell you one thing
the one thing that troubled me about it was when i saw uh...
uh... robert down jr on uh... on uh... david letterman program the other
night where he was like he was like yeah the thing we did when we made this
movie every day I'd come in I take the script I crumpled up and throw it
against the wall yeah I'm yeah that how you map out there's that I tell you
mapped out those special effects segments yeah yeah that sounds like
dosing anything else we're like yeah yeah let's take people to welcome steamy
blue and off my phone go with this terrible phone here like can't understand
you take your mouth one scoot you away from from the phone FM you're on the
Hi Tom. Who's this? Emma from Toronto. Who? Emma from Toronto. Emma from Toronto.
Hello. Top-notch caller already. Aww. You called recently. Yes. Yes. And you
came through with a five-star call? Mike? Emma from Toronto? Five-star call? Yes.
Oh, thank you, Tom. That's very sweet of you to say. I appreciate it.
You're welcome.
I have something for the creepypedia.
Let's hear it.
Well, I was wondering if, because I know you said the states, but I was wondering if we could have a Canadian entry.
Sure. Poutine?
Poutine's actually kind of good, but only sometimes.
Uh-huh.
Like, only under very specific circumstances and in very specific places.
We got that down here. It's called disco fries.
Not actually.
We've got this go fries.
You're making that up.
Oh, I wish I was making up disco fries.
I'm sorry, I just giggled like in a very high way.
That's okay.
That's ridiculous.
Mike has entered in the disco fry eating contest on 4th of July.
It's held underneath the Nathan's one under the boardwalk.
I actually I would pick him to win it. I don't even know I've never seen him eat
disco fries and I don't know who I have seen. He eats them every week here.
Like he just brings in a huge container. Is it like a Tupperware thing from home
or did he like five? I think he does make him at home. That's the creepy
part. I think he does he does homemade disco fries. He spends like all of
Tuesday before coming in. He says he's in training for the 4th of the July
thing if you go under here to go under everyone's up on top cheering up on the
Nathan's thing his thing is underneath the boardwalk
it's it's like a literally I'm I can't even phrase this properly is it like an
underground like a literally underground writing
I think they're trying to get sanctioned.
Wow, that's um, it's good to have a hobby, I guess.
I don't think it's his hobby.
It's his life?
Yes.
And and call screening is kind of his hobby?
I think that you I think you've got him begged.
I'm sorry, Mike.
She says she's sorry, Mike.
Mike says it's OK.
That's nice of mine.
I think he's taking this very hard, though.
I understand.
He said the disco fries is off limits
if he is not supposed to talk about this on the air
if he consoling himself by eating more fries
i'm not looking
you know what i can't blame you
anyway
oh Emma what are we gonna do
what do you have that goes on the list
okay well i wanted to put
Toronto on the creepypedia
the entire city of Toronto
no not the entire city
I just I there's a specific thing from Toronto. What's that? Okay. I was walking home today. The street filth
There no
There was there was no it's kind of this guy was on the street much music that much music studio
Oh, I live like like sort of on the same like that's on Queen Street
But it's on sort of like the other end of Queen Street from where I live and it's just like I
Can't even walk past that place
it's no good. Everybody's out screaming hoping that maybe by chance one of a
broken social scene will come by broken social scene are broken social scene
are sort of too I don't want to say too good for much music but they're
definitely that's not where they hang out so what I'm talking about when we say
this much music thing it's a little corner thing where where it's like the
where they would do the equivalent of total request live yeah except you can
look into the studio and there's like a weird there's like a creepy booth that
people go to oh my god speakers corner it's like the worst thing ever people
go in when they're like super drunk or they've just been out to clubs or whatever
and then they go in and they're like I love to have the greatest thing in my
life and then they play that on TV later on in the week I kind of like it you know
what so go ahead let's hear it we'll move forward okay um so i was walking home
today yes i got off the streetcar and i was uh i was sort of rounding the corner
down my block and there's there's a bench sort of like at the corner so
people can sit outside the the pharmacy or whatever's there and just kind of
watch people walk by i guess and i tripped and fell and there were a couple
people who walked by me like while I was on the ground and I wasn't like
seriously hurt I wasn't like screaming or anything but you know like I just
fell you're a human being exactly and so I'm kind of you know people walk by but
like whatever it's that's kind of standard around here but there's a dude
sitting on the bench I'm sorry I just said dude by the way there's a guy
sitting on the bench like directly sort of in front of me and he starts
laughing that's not cool no that's that's creepy behavior i don't like that so i
figured he belonged in the creepa pedia you want to know what what i said we were
not going to put individuals in the creepa pedia i'm making an exception
okay creepa laughed at emma goes into the creepa pedia i greatly appreciate it
thank you emma thank you you have a good night you too
I've been asked to read this.
I would like to apologize to Mike
for mentioning anything about Disco Fries
or anything about his upcoming Disco Fries competition.
Competitive eating is a serious sporting event
and is not meant to be taken lightly or made fun of.
If I have heard anyone's feelings,
I sincerely apologize from the bottom of my heart
and I would like to make a cash.
i was not going to make a cash
what's been making cash donation
now that's why i draw the line
fm you're on the air
or a time that's going
that's going right who's this side of the system from uh... past the
california
him from past the california how are you tonight i'm good i'm good
so i had an entry for the creepypedia let's hear it but do you take so do you
take you don't take individuals but trying not to yes how about just groups
of people to that panel course we love we love some of the groups of people
i would say uh...
pretty much anyone who would
go to a dog park or
most of the dog park people i've ever run into it
i took dog one with dog park once
yeah well i don't like
how did that go
what amazing she loved it
well you see
i don't know i think maybe it's southern california dog parks man it's uh...
it's bad news like
that like what would you actually introduce yourself to people like
no you just but did you talk about their dog
let dog logo crazy
right now it's great for the dog that's fine
but uh... but the people are just kind of
not the crazy about them
it's like you've got to be the kind of single dude tour
using it like a pickup scene and then
but there's a small other class of people who they just refer to their
dogs name or they ask you your dog's name
Yeah.
Well, that's insane.
Well, yeah, what's the name of your dog?
Well, my dog, my dog.
No, no, what is the name of your dog?
Taps.
Yeah, oh, so you had no problem telling me
the name of your dog, but you get mad at those people
for telling the name of your dog.
Get off my phone!
Yeah, that's a sick idea letting your dog get exercise.
Yeah, how demented is that?
Letting my dog get off his leash and run around
with other dogs and have a good time.
You're right, let's ban that.
What's that guy want?
Guy wants everybody to take their dog to two boots pizza.
Jam him in a booth.
That he wants.
So take my dog to film for him.
See, I'm watching anatomy of a murder with my dog.
I hope that guy wakes up in a dog park one time,
coated in human blood.
That's what I do.
That's the one thing people do not like at the dog park
when I bring dog mouth.
I bring a bowl of human blood for her to drink
if she runs around and gets thirsty.
Get mad at dog parks.
FM, you're on the air.
Hi Tom. Hi. This is Herbie from Philadelphia. How are you Herbie? I'm been
fine. How are you doing tonight? Doing okay. All right. I was actually at a dog
park today. And how did that go? Well, well, there was actually no other dog
there at the time, but the dog got a little love in it. Did you have a dog
with you? Yes. And it wasn't just you and a dog costume. No, no, unfortunately.
What do you got for me, Harvey?
I want to throw public arguers onto the media.
Give me an example.
All right.
Well, you got some prank kinds.
I mean, you've got the people walking down the street on their cell phone and a shouting
match that's only one side.
You look creepy.
And then you've got the people like I'm experiencing right now
out in the backyard.
Not my backyard, but someone else's backyard who are yelling at each other.
Which is no regard to other people.
You want to know what, Herbie?
Almost 10 o'clock. Herbie?
You and I started off on bad footing.
You just redeemed yourself.
you just redeemed yourself Herbie thanks Tom I tip my hat to you all right I
tip my hat to you I doth my hat to you oh I doth my hat back thanks Tom thank
you Herbie all right you have a good night you too Tom well thank you FM you
you're on the air
i don't know
who
bomb
bob bob
okay uh... what what space station you're calling from bob
uh... perling in california
well uh... what can i do for you bob
i had a uh... some for the topic let's hear it
uh... delusional actors in it uh... l-a-like specialized in improv
yes such as
well and not anyone specific it's just the uh...
this can't do things to it there's the whole delusional factor
of like the fire actors who are really going anywhere been doing it for like
ten years and they have this
amount of delusion that's kind of shocking
uh... how they
how like the reasons why they haven't made it
uh... they're super talented but just they haven't been uh...
found yet, I guess, is the word for it.
And then the second aspect to it
is kind of a subset of those people
who specialize in improv, like kind of wacky improv.
I don't know if you've seen like any amateur.
Where would I have seen this?
You know, I don't know in New Jersey, I'm not sure.
Where in California would you see it?
Well, I live in a barrier, so they have like comedy clubs here, like there's a San Francisco
comedy college that has improv shops and things like that.
Hold on.
San Francisco Comedy College?
Yeah.
What?
Really?
Yeah.
There's a comedy college in San Francisco.
Yeah.
Who's there, Professor Robin Williams?
No, no.
The guy, I don't want to name the guy who runs it, but yeah, they have an improv workshop,
and things like that with a teacher improv
well you know if people are hurt anybody with it
uh... it will be a fight that's what i'm saying it's kind of a combination of
things
in l.a. particular particular there's that whole delusional thing where these
self-absorbed people like just think they're the most amazing talent in the
world but
you know they haven't been discovered yet
and then a subset of those people which kind of makes it worse i think is
have this wacky improv type of
uh... mentality
horrendous that just kind of make the creepy
so you condemn san francisco
slash bay area improvisers
no no l.a. at work
also your way so you're from the bay area
yet but you're throwing the you're you're not complaining about the
that off my phone laugh
creepy laugh
the burnt rentals
photos in the middle smoking the bandit
hahahaha
fm you you're on the air
eight on the map for red bank
mad for red bank as a quality city
all i know it
you've got a
i have no i'm not going to go with the quiz you on your on your uh... to
have what kind of red bank knowledge you have
do you have a mcdonald's yes or no
and there was one but it was uh... actually
and the most about
but the people of redbank are so awesome
they ran the mcdonald's out
yes we're to have for that do you have a
starbucks
about yes
do you have a
working movie theater
yes we do
do you have a
comic book store owned by
one of the lead
if
yes you do you have uh... jay and silent bob's secret stash
yes we do have that
what do you have for me
i have a uh...
confirmation to the creepypedia what is it
uh... people who go to parties and sit there and watch tv
well that you're right
go home
you want to be at the party
what i want to be
people are dancing around and they're having a good time and they're just
sitting there watching
yet
no is not is not the army
you're not drafted into being at this party
up to someone engage in conversation exactly
but let's play video game
how are those red bank parties you like those jason mu's uh... ever show up
jason mu's now
I actually got some good parties that happen occasionally.
Bob Flanagan?
No.
Bob Flanagan.
Scott Mosher.
Scott Brochus?
Office of Sports and Thought.
Scott Brochus.
You want to know what?
You won up to me.
You win.
You win tonight.
You win.
Call her the night.
FMU, you're on the air.
It's not caller the night.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, Tom?
I can't hear this guy.
Can you hear me?
I cannot hear.
Is there something wrong?
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, Tom.
FMU?
Hello?
Hello?
Oh, I can hear you now.
Hey, Tom, this is Phillip in Salt Lake City.
Phillip in Salt Lake City.
What's going on?
Nothing.
You might remember me.
I go by gumbo.
Dumbo?
You'd think I'd remember that.
Philly gumbo?
What?
Philly Gumbo?
Yeah.
I do not remember, sorry.
Hey, how are you doing tonight?
Doing all right.
Yeah, I have a contribution to the topic.
What is it?
People in your apartment building,
if you live in one that
want to hang out with you constantly,
know where you live.
People in your own apartment building?
Yeah.
You mean like they knock on your door?
yeah and they can hear you when you're home
and they're always there
that is creepy now which one are you are you the guy who does that to people
no you the guy who gets somebody doing that to you
i'm the one that had uh... a few very bad experiences
because of that
i don't like that that would be that that that would really uh... disturb me
you want to hear about the experiences
you know what i don't
i get the i get the gist of it though you sold it to me
i sold up yes thank you young man
yeah no problem
have a good night
you know what i think i think i pay the price
because he sounds too much like james
got by a guy pays a price
got pain with the uh... with the brush
fm you you're on the air
hey who's this
This is Scott from Birmingham.
Scott from Birmingham, Alabama.
You're correct, yeah.
How are things in Birmingham tonight?
Actually, I'm not in Birmingham tonight.
I'm in Washington, D.C., so I don't know how they are.
I hope they're good.
No, are you general?
What brought you to Washington, D.C.?
You kind of lobbying some sort of pro-clan lobbying?
Yeah, no.
No, I'm interning.
I'm interning at the library.
For the clan?
You've unmasked me.
Wait, you've been robed to me.
Wait.
Oh, oh!
I de-robed you.
Yeah, you did.
You did.
How many, in all honesty, let's stop with the teasing.
Yeah.
All the, all the, all the chops busting
that I do with this stuff.
When you're down in Birmingham,
how many people in your regular life
do you come across who are in full clan regalia?
euro
you have to go north
after now a demo where they actually had a clan lagging i think in the last
for months or something
it's really terrifying
like i would say that would be a good entry
for the creep the media but not the one i called them out
non-embirming here right let's uh... let's not put the clan in the creepypedia
now what what what do you want to put into it uh...
somebody takes uh... uh...
two sugars at the uh...
at the uh... deli counter
you got me again that's not what it like you go forward young man out of
me to
i'm not trying to uh... manipulate you here
okay well the one i have been far less creepy than the people at the app and
clan rally
who really are tremendously creepy
and i feel bad about it via the turbo negro jean jacket
i think those are profoundly creepy
do you mean with the uh... the uh...
kind of the uh... pentagram with the heart in it
again the turbo june bond uh... lettering and a million but i think each of the
jacket comes with a million
you know what i'm but
and i don't know what it is
that screen creepy
to certain breed of creep
with that
yeah i mean you know it's fine i even sort of like some of that
music it's okay
but the jacket just too much
but the kind of creep
it's like it's the way uh...
it kinda separates the kind of creep
nicky sixes
against the kind of creep that tommy lee is
yet like niki six
is like a uh... sociopathic creep
renozies a creep
tommy lee's just too stupid
yeah he's just sort of sad it's just yeah
the uh... levels creep in it
like hot at the tommy lee's like i didn't know i was doing anything wrong
but like niki six second i stole stuff and i'm on i'm a horrible sociopath
completely aware of what he's doing
I'm bragging about it.
It's just sort of goofily trying to have a good time
and accidentally being a bad feller.
Thank you for your call, young man.
And the South will rise again.
Yay.
What?
FMU, you're on the air.
Good evening, Tom.
Good evening.
Hello, this is Ed from Lawrence.
Ed from Lawrence, Kansas?
Yes, that's correct.
Home of?
The embarrassment's right.
Yes, oh
William S. Burroughs
It's not what I was looking for me. I'm not sure I was looking for
Hmm, I don't know what else is from Lawrence. You know it
the National Championship
KU J. Hawk
That is not what I was looking for
No, that's all we hear about around here. Let's move forward. Okay. What can I do for you tonight young man?
Now that I think about the embarrassment though, I hope that Big Dipper comes over here to play.
They won't. You missed it.
I don't think they will.
You missed it just like we didn't get that embarrassment reunion. You don't get no Big Dipper reunion.
I guess it works out then.
The thing that I had to add to the Wikipedia topic, and we have lots of this in Lawrence, is ironic facial hair.
because i find that there are a lot of people
hipster type
facial hair that look
intentionally creepy
and uh...
that just makes you really cool
apparently
let give me a give me the breakdown
okay well you know like guys who have like a creepy moustache like a rally
fingers moustache
right is that you know not maybe not so much the rally fingers i mean i'm just
talking about like ones that like like guys who look the the the the guys why what
they do have this have you know a creepy mustache or you know usually it's not a
full beard but some kind of creepy configuration of hair around their
face that just makes them look like they want to hurt you but that just means
that they're they're cool they're doing it ironically put it in ironic facial
hair goes in the creepypedia thanks for the call fm you you're on the air i
hate i'm at seven in Providence how are you i'm doing okay how are you i'm
doing great thanks i have one for the creepypedia let's hear it okay i guess
you could file it under a guitar dude but you could you could apply to virtually
any instrument and i would say it's it's mainly
a phenomenon that happens
uh... like high school or colleges
and that is uh... the guy who uh...
uh... plays guitar
just to basically pick up girl to you know like three songs
yeah you mean like uh...
he could play like hey you know that uh...
playing white t-song here it is
there to let you know he just does the court basically
uh... man i hate those guys playing those plane white t-songs
or in my day with like the wiezer songs and
things like that but it's basically like they only really know
they don't have they don't write their own music also first of all i saw a picture
of the day with wiezer look like now
or really have you seen a picture of what they look like now
i have not
the one guy
river
uh... walking around
he's a stress like a you think he was in uh... the fabulous burrito brothers
flying burrito brothers
he could have a special entry in the creepypedia actually in my that guy
whole boy
that i might be a creepypedia
definitely that river with is it river
i think a river
i don't know either i don't know enough about the band but
you know what
i put up putting it put it in the creek mike is saying no mike is saying no it
doesn't go in the creepypedia
Oh fair enough he likes plain white teas. Oh wow. He's going to see them. He said he's
going to see them at the PNC Arts Center. Really? Yeah. So just like that one song or
do you like the whole album I guess? So which one? What do you like Mike? Do you like he
likes the whole album? Really? Yeah. See all I hear on is at work I hear like 105 and they
just play that they play that one song. He said that's not even the best song on the
album. Is that true? That's what he said. I don't know. I don't like that stuff.
All I hear when I hear that song is just them playing at a county fair like
five years from now and it's just everyone yelling to hear that one song.
We'll find out. We will find out. Five years from now. Let's see what the
county fair scene is like. Heaven for Providence? Yes. I tip my hat to you and
I say goodnight. Goodnight Tom. Couple more minutes here. Couple more
minutes fm you you're on the air hi Tom hi who's this super color erica from
Baltimore yes how are you tonight good how are you I'm doing okay do you have
something for the creepa pedia other than most of the residents of your city
say Dan Deacon yeah put him in the creepa pedia yes yeah of course I can
increase here though i'd like to see dan deacon uh...
uh... hand-cuffed uh... or like uh... have his wrist-tied beaded style
to uh... river quomo
see who could win that creep fight
we should organize in creep fights
do it like an nc uh... double eight tournament chart
creep fights
i think dandley
win that one
dot more experience
think he'd win
Rivers wasn't always creepy.
He's wearing like a weird cowboy hat now.
Please look up, somebody look up a picture
of what they look like now.
You will not believe it.
You do you see?
I look up and he looks like he's trying
to look like an eight-year-old or something.
I don't know, it's...
I gotta look at this picture now.
And their new album, by the way,
it's like, hmm, it's a color roll, so.
Yeah, no.
Thumbs down.
Thumbs down to Weezer now.
I love all of Weezer.
Yeah, they had their moment, they had their moment.
True.
So what do you have for the creep of Pedia?
South of the border, Pedro Land, which I visited on my way home from Georgia on my vacation.
It's south of the border, what the who you want?
Pedro Land.
Pedro Land.
Pedro, the guy, like their mascot that is racist, you know, stereotypical Mexican guy.
And it's just like a rundown I don't know if anyone's ever seen this if you've ever driven down 95 South
You've seen it if you see billboards for probably south of the border. Yes, I have the border
Yeah, and then it's there's a campground that I just can't imagine. He's even camping at this place
Pedro Land Park
And then the website is written in what I guess is like a dialect that's supposed to imitate like a someone from Mexico
trying to speak English yeah nice job thumbs down on that that entire horrible
travesty south of the border
crazy Mike says he gets his fireworks from there
other places stop for fire get your fireworks from somewhere else
hit a JR because Mike is playing don't promote a fireworks on this show
All right, sorry.
Mike usually does after he wins the disco.
He's going to get mad again because I'm talking about this.
After he wins the disco fries thing,
he usually does a little fireworks display
under the boardwalk.
It's like the Grootchie Brothers under the boardwalk.
Thank you, Erica.
All right.
FMU, you're on the air.
One of the final three calls.
i don't call in los angeles how are you calling
uh...
uh... i thought that
let's hear it
uh...
people in like positions of power like landlords and bosses and stuff we try to
pretend that you're there your friend and then do really
uh... like messed up things on your back like
my landlord always like a how you do it and try to be my friend and then
like if i turned in my rent two hours late
the other day i think that it meant that kind of clock and he tried to
charge me a hundred fifty dollar late fee for being two dollars
two hours late
and like
he does stuff like that like
he's he's like and he won't give us a phone number he only let us give him
email
because he's really like
password that the mailman shows up at the house like acting like we're buddies
and it's really
it's creepy
i like it
i hate it
fake friends
fake friends in the creepypedia
thank you call
final two calls
have a year on the air
i was this
this is brian and columbus ohio
brian and columbus ohio
are you tonight
very well
i i know you're getting ready to wrap up the topic of the lawless
give you my entry for it let's hear it
uh... people at the grocery store who uh...
take the card up to their car unload their groceries and then just leave the
cart
in an empty space when the
a little area where the cards all go is like three spaces down yeah you know
you just give it a good shove
you can slide it in there
you know that you know this is ohio so the people
the people i see doing that usually look like they could use the exercise
anyway yeah wait what are you saying the people of all higher not in shape
yet
part of that may be to believe
you want to know what
what that people of all higher or right my book
because of uh... great plan to great plane
well thank you but even though i'm not in the great plan thank you young brian
absolutely have a good night
final call
at them you're on the air
hi tom
hi who's this
this is lori
from utah
lori from utah the second call from utah tonight
yeah imagine that uh...
i'm actually friends with silly dumbbell so i thought i'd call in
And I have one for I have one for the creeper pedia though
What do you have I have you know furries those people that wear like yeah, I don't want to talk about that get off my phone
Creepy
Yeah, I'm looking at this album cover. There's weezer album cover
Mike can you come in here and look at this?
All right, I
I want to hear your reaction on the air as you see it for the first time
Really? Yeah, I
Did not know about that. Well, we just look at this and then I'm gonna play a play a record
And we'll get back to it. Look at that. Look at this guy looks like a street tough
That's the singer now. Yeah, look at that. What would you describe that look that Western?
yeah it's not quite western it's he's he's trying it on for the first time it
looks yeah and then this guy's like a college professor and then this guy
looks like he's in the strokes yeah hipster yeah it's like what would happen if
you had a band with one of the one of the the the strokes the guy from vampire
weekend what band is that it looks like it looks like Mick Mars in his band he
he was in before Molly Crue, and then a guy from the Texas Nazis.
You sure it's not a take-off on the village people?
It's almost got like, you know...
I think they want to look like that, and I think they think it's cool.
And you know what I think is cool?
Rock music.
Did you know that?
Yes.
Did you know that I think rock music's cool?
Are we going to hear a song from a rock group?
Right?
Now.
Hey!
I was a woman, man, in my younger days
But I got out, and I ran away
I left out of my way, I took her home behind
And now I know, only I got mad
I am mine, I am mine
Oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh
Oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh
Cause on my soul, I couldn't get much needed
Like in a rush out, all the time
Now I know
All the day, I can't wait
I can't wait
You
You
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
No.
What?
We just heard something from a group called Black Keys.
Called, I got mine, they have a new album out called Attack and Release.
On the Nunsuch label, which is a subsidiary of the Warner Music Group located at 1290
Avenue of the Americas in New York New York 10104. You can write them a
letter and tell me you're a fan of recorded music and yeah. It's this weird
guy here. I don't know if he's gonna make it through the door. Oh my god.
What is
No, no, please please
There's some guy
Mike is pushing some guy through the door who's jammed in the in the
It's the oil that I gave you, put it on my haunches.
I can't get any leverage.
My fat rolls, put it on.
Ew.
My hand keeps sinking in, slather me in it.
Ew.
Ew.
And on, oh, the walls buckling.
You idiot.
Come on, give me a big push from behind.
On three, one, two, three.
Nooooooo!
I think I hurt myself.
What happened?
Did you get a rupture?
Oh man, that's bad stuff.
Getting a rupture.
You know that old song?
Tom, you know that old song, right?
What?
When your bees hit the floor, like a bee, fifty-four, that's a rupture.
Oh, I never I've heard that know who who are you wait?
Yeah, I often have that problem. I'm doing gigs. Oh
Yeah, what yeah, what what is what is who is this?
Zee, but...
Zee.
Zee, me!
Oh, I know who you are now.
You should.
I would think you could tell by my cumber bun if I hadn't taken it off to get through
the door.
Yeah.
Why?
Zachary Brimstead.
Mm-hmm.
Esquire.
Esquire.
Yeah.
You've been somebody who's called this program a fair amount.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, I've livened your show, I've made your show better for years.
What's wrong?
You're just, I've never imagined actually being face to face with you.
You didn't think I'd be this big, did you? You knew I was big.
I thought you were big, I did not...
But not this big, I can't put my shirt back on.
Please try, just please try.
Trying to, I can't get my arm through the hole.
What? You don't judge me, do you know why?
I'm trying not to look Zachary Brimstead is in the studio is very unexpected try try not to laugh when I tell you my new joke you're new joke oh yeah what is your new Joe are you ready sure knock knock
who's there is anyone is anyone who is anyone going to eat that sub sandwich I
saw downstairs in the fridge because I'm hungry that is okay sure that's I can
go eat it if only I could get up out of this seat I wouldn't go eat it but I
I can't.
There was a sub.
I didn't even know there was a sub.
It looked old.
I didn't know older.
What would be the oldest sub you've eaten?
Oh gosh.
Six weeks?
What?
What kind of sub?
It's like a hoagie.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Propelone.
Swiss.
Onions.
Lettuce.
Lettuce after six weeks.
Lettuce after six weeks. Oh, yeah, it's good pickles. Lettuce was pickled, too. Why?
Disgusting. You know what's also disgusting? What's that? Your show? My show? Yeah. Oh, you know what was else on that on that sub?
What's that? I'm gonna drink of an egg salad
Egg salad. Yeah, six weeks later. Oh, yeah, it's good when it ripens
There's no way, well, six weeks is far beyond ripening.
Oh, I don't think so.
I love it.
You love it too.
When I make you eat it, I'm never going to find out.
Oh, you will.
I really will not.
Yeah.
So, is there a reason why you, Zachary Brimstead Esquire, hold yourself up here?
I willed myself up here.
myself up. It was a tough climb. Yeah. Mike said you were working in the
stairwell for a while. It was tough. Yeah, I'm glad that no one saw me. I think Mike
caught a glimpse of you. Oh no. Yeah, he said he said somebody was having a hard
time coming up the... Did he say that that hurts my my large feelings? Oh well he
I did catch a glimpse of you.
Well, I'm here because I have a lot of big news.
OK.
Well, what kind of big news?
Oh, well, for starters, strap yourself in.
OK.
You got your helmet on.
Well, figuratively sure.
OK.
Well, I'm opening a chain of restaurants.
A chain of, you're opening a chain of restaurants.
What would this chain that you have a name for yet?
We're going to have one in New Bridge.
OK.
West Bridge.
Old West Bridge, New Southeast Bridge, and Troy Bridge.
Troy Bridge.
Yeah.
Where's Troy Bridge?
It's tiny.
I don't know Troy Bridge at all.
South of Old South Bridge.
South of Old South Bridge, okay.
Kind of off the, is it off 15?
Like route 15?
It is off 15.
It's where that thing exploded.
Yeah. Yeah.
Okay, but it's above that kind of gross.
It's like a pit.
Yeah, I thought it was like, I was gonna say pond,
but I don't-
You got that stuff in it that stinks to high heaven.
I think it's man-made.
I think it is too.
Yeah.
It's above that.
It's by where that old pillow museum was
before it was stolen.
Okay.
Yeah.
I think I know where you're talking about.
Oh, totally.
That's Troy Bridge.
Exactly.
Are you ready for Brimsteads?
That's the name of the restaurant chain?
Oh, yeah.
OK.
What goes on at a Brimsteads restaurant?
Are you ready for our slogan?
Sure.
Brimsteads, where the food buckets are always
filled to the brim.
The food buckets?
Yeah, we serve all the food in metal buckets.
Why?
Isn't that kind of, that doesn't seem very appealing.
Well, no, they're easier to hose out that way.
We got them from the local horse racing track.
Yeah, I'm ill.
What?
Well, that's what people want for the eating experience
to get a bucket put in front of them
that they get to, what are they ladling the stuff out with a?
No, you idiot.
They won't ladle it out.
What do they do?
It's a scooper.
That's a scooper.
Why?
It's a huge difference between a ladle and a scooper.
Yeah, the scooper's plastic.
Oh, okay.
So the only difference is what it's made of.
Yeah, you know what our other slogan is?
What's that?
Massive portions for massive appetites.
I don't like that.
Guess who comes around to each table
and sings very loudly?
You.
Yeah, oh, you been there?
No, I have not been there.
Okay, cause we haven't opened yet.
Yeah, so I could not have been there.
hmm you know what else I've got on my my big plato what's that Spanish for
plate what's that you're looking at new bridges next star to take his acting
talents to weirdo wood you're going to weirdo wood mm-hmm
oh it's so weirdo wood which is which is Hollywood weirdo wood weirdo wood
why well it's Hollywood and I've heard people call it Holly weird what yeah
there's a poll call screener Leopold his name is Mike actually there's it yeah
doesn't seem like it would be his name he has a mic have you ever heard weird
old what wait what he's never heard yeah it's Holly weird that's what people
called i don't think so okay well that's what i think we can
slide uh...
let's let's move forward okay
i'm going to be in a movie
all right well what what movie are you going to be you know who's directing it
i have no idea the best director ever
currently working like this
not uh... like it like you know i would be talking a list director oh yeah
Oh, you'll get it first time, I know you will.
What?
Top notch.
Top notch.
Very top.
Like Martin Scorsese.
Yeah, who?
Well, the guy who directed Goodfellas and.
What's that?
Well, it's Goodfellas.
That's a mob.
Sounds like a candy bar.
It's not a candy.
Speaking of, do you have a candy bar?
I don't.
Oh.
No.
Does Reggie have one?
Who's Reggie?
Paul Screener.
That's what you said his name was.
You called him Leopold about 30 seconds ago.
His name's Mike, actually.
I'm pretty sure he has no can.
Oh, I'm sorry, Rick.
Mm-hmm, Mike.
What?
His name's Mike.
Okay, go ahead, guess.
I can't believe you haven't guessed this.
Oliver Stone.
Who's she?
No, that's, well, the he,
but that's who I'm guessing for the top of.
No!
Who is it?
Trent L. Strauss.
Okay, that makes perfect sense.
Your movie, dummy.
Ha, and this is a movie you have a what size part in this movie. I'm the lead
You're the lead in this movie. Yes
What what what is the name of this movie? Are you ready?
Yes, it's the man in the iron cumber bun
The man in the iron cumber bun. Yes is that is that kind of like the man in the iron mask? I
I was gonna say what's that but I'd be lying because I know what that is. It's
kind of based on that. That which is of course a story from Classical Music
Days. Well not Classic. You don't call it Classical Music. Yeah olden days. Yeah
well olden days is is it's from the past. Yeah. But it's not a classical music
It's when they made that music.
Yes, it was when they first recorded that music.
Well, they didn't record it.
Sure they did.
Well, how do we know about it?
They wrote it down and performed.
What?
On musical score sheets.
I don't get it.
You don't know like how to read music?
No.
I thought you were a pretty big.
It's all in my head.
Oh, yeah, it's all in my head.
So you're more of a guy who does it instinctively.
Oh, absolutely, like Quincy Jones.
So it's just, it's the feel for you.
Oh, totally the feel, like Tom Fogarty.
Like Tom Fogarty?
Oh, yeah, why?
You mean from Credence?
Yeah.
I never associated him with just being about the feel.
Oh, totally, he is totally a feel musician.
Tom Fogarty.
Yeah.
the guitarist right from the queen is clear water revival
he's a okay
there is yes
and what i think he died a few years ago
what a few years ago i don't think so
yeah he's definitely he definitely passed away let's get on to this man in the iron
mask okay
you know he said to have been had his his head encased
in this mask. Yeah. You know, when the popular myth has it that the mask was, he was the twin
brother of Louis Ziv. Louis Ziv. The French King Louis Ziv. Louis, Louis the 14th. What?
No, Ziv, X-I-V.
Yeah, that's the 14th.
In Roman numerals.
What's that?
It's a different form of writing numerals.
No.
No, well, you never heard of that before?
No.
I've heard of Roman Gabriel.
Roman Gabriel, the football player?
Yeah, I've heard of Times New Roman, which is, I believe, a font.
Yeah, that is a font.
Yes.
Yeah, so you know those...
Not to be confused with the fontacy.
which I have many of. Do you want to hear a one?
I do not. There's one where? No, no, I don't want to hear any anything that you have.
And the woman is... I want to hear nothing from you that is in the
that would possibly be described as a fantasy. Can I take this moment to do
something something very nice? Sure. I want to send a message out to my my dear
grand nephew she's graduating okay she's graduating yes and you want to give
a little bit of a shout-out absolutely she's gonna attend shorter
okay that's not giving information now that's her business I know but I love
her so you love Bonnie oh absolutely yeah she's a very nice young lady so in
In this movie, I play a debauched, massively overweight, elegantly dressed street thug.
And elegantly dressed street thug.
Yes.
Okay.
Named Weird Walter.
Weird?
Mm-hmm.
He has a problem with food.
Uh-huh.
He can't get enough.
Okay.
So, you are a street thug who can't get enough food.
And how does this iron-comber bun factor?
Well, I get arrested one day because I've stolen 18 crawlers from Dunkin's donuts.
Okay.
From Dunkin' Donuts?
No, Dunkin's donuts.
We couldn't use Dunkin' Donuts.
Okay.
So, you're using something that sounds a lot like Dunkin' Donuts.
Yes, do you remember that movie where they called it MacDowell's?
Oh, coming to America?
Yeah, with those two guys who I don't like.
Oh, Eddie Murphy and, yeah, and Arsenio Hall.
Yeah.
And I'm just gonna, I'm just gonna not even maybe talk about why you don't like those guys.
Okay, fair enough.
We'll just move forward.
Well, anyway, Eddie who, the men in blue are called in and they work Walter over.
Uh-huh, and they strip away his tuxedo. Uh-huh, and they batter his berry
Mm-hmm with nightsticks
It's sick. It does sound sick
Walter gets very angry
Weird Walter gets angry
Because he got beaten with the nightsticks. Yeah, and the cops throw him in jail
It's a filthy jail. Uh-huh
So he gets thrown in this jail
just because why again cuz he wanted to eat oh that's right he's still crawlers
well he liberated them from Duncan's donuts oh that's right okay okay I
actually feel really bad that I could not that I could not follow the plot of
this movie it's quite simple it's riveting it is written it's it's it's it
It seems like it's classic in a way.
Like the ruins.
Did you see the ruins?
I did not.
I didn't either.
You know why?
Why?
It played for a day.
Did it?
It did have a short run.
I wanted to see it that day, but it left.
Yes.
So they put him in a horrible orange jumpsuit and make case him in a giant cumber bun made
of iron.
Okay.
Yeah.
As a punishment.
Just like you know, how they made Jesus wear that oh that hat of pickers
Yeah, hey, hey, I'm sorry a hat of pickers. Yes. You mean a crown of thorns. What's that?
That's what Jesus wore
I'm pretty sure it was not look I might not be right. I'm not a I am DB it
I'm not a biblical scholar, but you look like one
I know that they I've never heard it referred to as a hat of pickers. I had a pickers. No. Yes, a crown of thorns
I don't think so I
I know it's not a hat of pickers. Okay. Well, anyway months and months drag on. Uh-huh and water's an agony. Mm-hmm
now
Yeah, unknowns to Walter. Mm-hmm
The jail has been built upon an ancient Quaker burial ground. Okay
do you know what the Quakers were what do I know what Quakers were yeah I guess
they still exist yeah and it's a very peaceful people yeah yeah and so it's
built on a Quaker burial ground and one that there's a tremendous lightning
storm mm-hmm guess what happens it hits weird Walter you've read this script
No, I've heard, I know enough about Trent L. Strauss movies to know that it seems like
in most of them someone gets hit by something, something takes place over some sort of burial
ground and then someone gets hit by lightning above that burial ground.
Well that's basically what happens in this, the jail gets hit and it unleashes the spirits
of the Quaker warriors. And they come to life and they possess Walter's body. Yeah.
And their anger infects him. Their anger, okay.
It causes him to blow multiple gaskets. Okay. So that sets him off. Yeah. So he seeks revenge
on all the cops and all those who refuse to get him substance.
What's that?
That's, uh, food, nutrition.
Yeah, the stuff that he loves to chew on.
Yeah.
And devour.
Yeah.
So basically, you know what he becomes?
The man in the Iron Cumberbund.
Slash, Girthman.
Girthman.
Yeah.
What is Girthman?
He's huge.
Uh-huh.
So he goes around and he fights crime.
Uh-huh.
And there duels, with his girth, he shoves his fat rolls in people's faces.
Yeah, I had an idea that it would be doing.
So that's how he's fighting people.
He beats his nemesai with the iron cumber bun.
And this is taking place in the, in what era?
It takes place in two eras, classical music days, and in the future.
Okay.
in the 91. Why? How does it take place in the future though? Because there are flashbacks
and flash forwards. There's even a flash sideways. Flash sideways. He stole that from
Funny Farm. I didn't even know what a flash sideways is. Have you seen Funny Farm? The
Chevy Chase movie. How do you say it? Chevy Chase. It's Chevy Chase. No, it's Chevy
Yeah, yeah with Mary steam virgin. Isn't she in that? I don't think she was in
I think Mary steam virgin is in that. No, not you're saying it. I've never
it's steamed virgin. I don't think so. All right. Anyway, so he fashions this
you know his this whip from the barbed wire that he has and also the the
cumber bun and a pointed knife made from his own filth. What? Would it be a TLS
film if it didn't have something like that? No, it would not. You're right. And
that's it. That's the the hallmark of a trend. Exactly. So he's got this knife
made of filth and stuff. Sounds like someone else's thing like a device
someone we all know used. Yeah. Judge. Davey. Oh. Who? Bishop Fontana. Oh, that was
actually an apparatus yes it was a variant of a device what a variant okay oh I'm
sorry is that a word you're not familiar with their variants never mind okay never
mind I like to have a nice vocabulary yes and you do have it you have a very
nice oh thank you that's all trends told me about the idea for the script well
that sounds like a lot already oh yeah so he becomes girth man yeah I want to
I include a lot of my music in it.
Not really my music, but my renditions of others music.
Yeah.
I've embedded a new genre called horror shop.
Horror shop.
Yeah.
Is that like, well, you've done,
I know you've done barbershop sweat,
which was kind of like you doing who songs and things,
kind of like an uptempo rock.
Oh, definitely, yeah.
Hard rock version of barbershop.
And then I know you did a barbershop.
like that. What? I know you did a barbershop arrows, which was gross. I know she really
liked that word. That was like a that was dirtier. Yeah. And then now what is what is
horror shop? Horror shop. Basically I take the best black grind and death metal and I
shop it up. Okay. How do you shop up? How do you shop up death metal? Well you take
you know the original intention of the lyrics and stuff and you just kind of
make it out for a poll you know to to the barbershop milieu or okay like like
can you give me an example oh sure well there's one by you know dark throne dark
throne oh yeah I don't I don't know that bad it's pure Norwegian black metal you
full. Okay. All right, let me get my pipes happening. Okay. Let me get my note.
Wow. These come to me possess me as I burn into your realms. What? Why'd you
You waved me off because you're, that's just, that's what you're doing is singing to that
kind of music.
Oh, I didn't get to the second verse.
Let's hear it.
Come raging chaos, rule power from your soul, pure demonic blessing as I kill myself and
whoa.
Wow.
That's, that's heavy.
that's not exactly fit the oh it fits this movie oh okay so I'm trying it's
the soundtrack I sort to think of it in terms of you have to think period which
is something I know you never do you know what does he Roy
name's not Roy it's Mike okay Mike you're right out there all right well
here's another one you have already do you still have that oil or whatever on
you cuz I'll need it coming back through he's toweling off oh good okay cuz
that oil is oily yeah he a lot of my lovers have complained about oh okay
that's disgusting you are a little napalm death do I have a choice not
really no okay okay it's polluted minds uh-huh all right let's hear it it's from
scum okay you read decibel decibel no I don't know what the greatest grind mag
out there I do I do not I'm not much of a fan of I had a big feature on the
making of scum recently. Let me get my note again.
Okay.
Ohhhhhh.
They not only pollute the air, they pollute our minds!
They're destroying the earth!
Destroying mankind! Polluted minds! Kill mankind!
What?
Why'd you wave me off again?
Because it's really, it's really, I'm getting a headache.
Well, let me do the next, next verse.
Okay, I am getting a headache.
They don't give up.
No, no, no.
What?
You can't, this is, you're on the radio, you.
Oh geez, thought police in effect, here they are.
Thought police.
Yeah, no, there are rules.
You're worse than officer Harrips.
No, there are rules.
I can't do anything about rules.
Officer Harris took my car away, my vintage car.
You had a vintage car?
Yes, well, it was sort of a car slash planter.
OK, and why did he take it away?
Because he had a lot of weeds growing in it.
Why?
A planter.
Remember we talked about this before?
You know what?
I do try.
I have to admit, I try to forget this thing.
Block me out.
Yeah.
I've heard that before.
Yeah.
A lot of people do that.
I mean, I have to say right now, I have a screaming headache.
from your voice. Well I'll make that headache go away right now. Well okay.
Answer me one question. Okay. Do you love deicide. Again does it matter if I do.
If you had to pick one deicide song that you wanted to hear rendered in the
barbershop tradition. Uh-huh. What song would it be? I don't think there is.
Honored by Sodom right? Probably you know what I can't think of one I'd want to
more let me get my note okay the silence has been broke for centuries
denied and don't just overlook ignorance put aside the right of God to
finish by his holy priest I don't like where these lyrics are going oh I got
one more. Okay. By probably the greatest songwriter of our generation. Who's that?
His name's Kevin. Kevin. Mm-hmm. A songwriter. I don't know any song. Well, he
since passed on. Okay. Passed away. All right. Well, he's
unfortunately. All right. And what is his name? Who is Kevin? Well, his
name was G.G. Allen. I don't know. You're not going to. I kill
everything. You're not doing any G.G. Allen at all. No, the song is called
You're glad I did though
You know in a train wreck kind of way. Yeah
I'm gonna put that train back on the rails. Okay to victory right now. You know why why is that are you strapped in?
You can see me. I'm not
Don't have a helmet on. Because I, Zachary Brimstead, Esquire, M, okay.
Tossing. Yeah. My. Okay. Humberbund. Into. What? Into. Into what?
I'm reading. Yeah, the ring. Four. Mayor. The.
May you bridge. How do you say it? May you've been a torial.
May you've been a torial. Election. Yes. So you are going to run for mayor.
Yes. Why? Isn't that exciting? For some reason I don't remember you living in
Newbridge proper. Oh I do. I do now. Okay. Yeah. I have a cot.
You have a cot. Yes. That's all it takes. That's all it takes. A cot or a PO
box and you got the signatures I got the 36 you're still pushing for that final
one what do you mean the final signature you 37 you need 36 no it's 37 oh no yeah
will you sign my petition um no wait what I really don't I'm not going to vote
for you at all well what about call screen or Dell well his name again is
Come here, son. It's Mike. Son come here
His name is running to his name. He is run. That's okay. His name is Mike and he's running for he's running for mayor also
Hey call screener
You got to help me get out this door
So I can get that final signature. Is there anyone else here in the building? No, it's just me and Mike
Oh, no, I'll have to go to that. What's that place called das even?
something like that mm-hmm yeah does even know now maybe that guy there will
sign my petition Werner he looked like a Nazi yeah he's a scary guy I would I
would watch my step with him well he seems like a bull what he's like a bull
he seems pretty intense to me well call screener truly what is your name names
Mike okay you're gonna have to grease me up big time come here no here comes Mike
Mike looks is oh you gotta help me up bro first Mike does not want to do this
help me up Mike please just get it get him out
Help me out.
Let's go.
Can you make it to the door?
Grab me by my haunches.
Oh, yeah.
I'll do that again.
Oh, wow.
Don't judge.
Oh, yeah.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh, wow, there they go.
Unbelievable.
Mike. Mike doesn't sign on for this stuff.
This is not what Mike signs on for.
201-209-9368. It's the number. Final 12 minutes of the program.
the Hall of Fame show tonight. Hall of Fame. This one's going in the Hall of Fame.
That's right. Took it on the chin this week. Shot down 33 and third. They want
Nothing to do with me, nothing, nothing to do with me, sick, it's sick.
If I'm you you're on the air a time I got one for the creep of Peter who's this Martin
and Edison Martin and Edison how are you doing I'm good how are you I'm doing okay
yeah trying to get a score on this basketball game which game other it is
70-70. Tied at 70. One of your favorite teams playing here. Oh, the Boston Celtics are playing
the Cleveland Cavaliers. What do you got for Army Martin? I just thought that people who use
chewing tobacco, there's a certain creepiness about that. People doing chewing tobacco? Yes,
there is, there's something creepy about that. Like cigarettes are gross, but just like the
constant spitting is kind of creepy. It's disgusting. Yeah. Yeah. So that was it.
Is that Gelfinakis? Thanks buddy. All right. Talk to you later.
Yeah if I'm here you're on the air. Hey Tom, it's a great show tonight. Oh deeper.
Who's this? Uh this is Chris Ospoonie from the Efconny Chats. Spoonie from the
chat you I met you. Yes you did. You've got a mustache. I do have a mustache. I'm
Uh, I'm a creep. I guess I am now you're not a creep. I met you face to face. I've looked in your eyes
You're no creep you you shared into the eyes of creepiness and decided it was not creepy at all not creepy
Well, thank you. You have no creepiness in you
Well, I would I would like to speak to the topic tonight and mr. Zach reminded me that I think the trauma crowd
I want to talk about like black metal in the horror punk eyes
The trauma movie crowd. They really creep me out
trauma you don't like those I went to a party a couple years ago where they're
supposed to be a showing short film they're pretty odd very proud of it
there's some bands playing they want to see I went because I thought it'd be a
funny thing to do and I was it was horrifying both thing really scared me
so yeah I would like to submit them to the the creepy website all the you don't
like the people who like trauma movies for the people who make them I'm not
saying I don't like them but it was I guess you know there's somebody said
about the people listen to that punk and that's fun and all but the people
will produce it I it just it seems that these guys have like a pile of shovels
in the corner of their studio that you're not allowed to ask about I don't know
you know what yeah not going in the creep of media not going in sorry
I wish I could do it.
You have a good night.
You too Tom.
In the show, then Best Show's over.
And got Nickel in Dom Radio hosted by small change.
I'm gonna take you through to 2AM.
And who's on a two?
I can't remember.
Son of two
Clive is it a guy named Clive Scott it's a guy named Scott. It's good guy
And then at 6 a.m. I
Don't know maybe you take a walk around the park
See what else is going on so the radio stations you can check out
FM you you're on the air Tom it was back in the old days and 1 1 2 0 9
What?
1-1-2-9, the zip code.
Be easy.
1-1, I don't know what that is.
It's Brooklyn.
They're rich.
Now they park.
What do you want to meddle?
No, I just want to tell you a story about a creepipedia thing.
Yeah, you?
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
I don't want to judge.
You're Brooklyn, guys.
We're on the other side of the river.
It's all the same.
What's that?
If we're on the other side of the river, it's all the same.
It's all the same to me?
See you and I.
But anyway, it was like one of those dark and stormy night
things, just like, you know, kids, just like, you know,
there's a scary story.
We're going to go down under the bridge
where the monsters are and things like that.
And this guy takes me down to this, like, ditch
in the middle of the road.
And he makes me pick up the big, ugly flap.
I don't know if my phone, I don't want to hear
at doing his routine
fm you you're on the air
hello
yeah i thought christian martin
oh seven nine six oh
yeah
i did get it
perfect
what can i do for you correct
creepy
people who cut their their net their toenhals in front of you like this guy
at a party just
sat down on his cat party are you going to
Well, exactly, not anymore.
I don't know those anymore.
Very strange.
What kind of party was that ever?
A creepy one.
So it was a job.
FM you, you're on the air.
Hey, this is and then Milwaukee.
Tim and Milwaukee.
How are you tonight, Tim?
I'm good.
How are you doing?
I'm doing OK.
My entry is people who are mean to other people
in the service industry.
people who are mean to people in the service industry like who liked it
like the uh...
uh...
or the manager of that
just because you know when you're doing some of the history
you have sort of an advantage
and it's easy to manipulate that
yes
so you are condemning
you are condemning
anyone who's uh... you know uh... lowly cashier
just basically you're basically
loading over them and you know
that's just creepy
in and of itself
uh... yeah
how much do you tip
how much like that
yep percent
at minimum
even and i'm you know
or
i'd i feel like that sort of uh...
sort of a basic
whole life
nominal thing to do you know much i tip
uh... fifty five percent
three hundred fifty percent
well that's what you're going to have a minimum
minimum three hundred fifty percent even if i'm a rude
absolutely
well you know what
uh... i think for that as someone who
is in the service industry and uh... you have a good night com
uh... thanks you have a good night too
good doing what that
was he doing the thing
fm you you're on the air
eight hours uh... mike from our staff
mike from morristown
was seven nine six oh that's right
what can i do for you mike
well i might have a creepy moment tomorrow night i'm going to see uh...
chevy chase
where is chevy chase performing
he's gonna be uh... on stage with uh...
a guitar player
possibly in johnson hope
where is this
uh... mata square garden
is the annual uh... gammies
chevy chase is going to be at the jammies
yet with the guitar player
you talking about
of witness car player
yeah i'll chevy chase in his goal chevy chase will be there with the guitar
player
now
now yeah
No, this guitar player is, he actually plays like multiple instruments,
he plays like a group of bass line and plays guitar over it.
Who, and who is this guitar player?
Keller Williams.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
I'm getting a headache.
It's people.
This is how we go out.
This is how the show ends.
We get two hours, 50 minutes of the good stuff.
and this is how you people uh...
uh... feel like this is how mike must have felt uh... with uh...
there will be blood
he liked everything but the last ten minutes
two oh one two oh nine nine three six eight
and how many times are they going to show that commercial uh... promoting
that uh... that uh... that uh... play in november
Can I maybe watch TV for five minutes without seeing
Nathan Lane mugging his way through this horrible play?
It's like, no, what's going on?
I'm president.
And then it's like written by David Mamet wrote that.
Are you going to see his new movie,
Mike, that new Kung Fu movie?
What's it called?
Hayah?
It's a Kung Fu movie.
yeah
david mamet
he does kung fu movies now
like kevin smith for eggheads
fm you you're on the air
it's a mike and martin again
mike and morris and you're trying again huh
yeah well you don't have to play a drum
Yeah, I've heard that.
With Donald Fagan and the other guy from Steely Dan.
Yeah.
So wait, well, you called earlier.
What happened with that last call?
Oh, I got cut off.
That's always the best.
I'm sorry.
Oh, boy.
FMU, you're on the air.
Is that me?
Yes, it's you.
Hey, this is Mike from Urbana.
Mike from Urbana, Illinois.
Yeah, how's it going?
It's going all right.
How are you tonight?
Yeah, something for the topic.
Let's hear it.
Uh, somebody that's creepy that I can think of in recent memory is Patch Adams.
Patch Adams?
Yeah.
You mean the movie, Patch Adams?
Adams the actual guy that it's based on the actual guy now why why is he in your
recent memory well I was thinking of looking back on my college career and I
remember a time I can't take it can't take it anymore
the lack of respect basic lack of respect everybody else moved on there
There must be doing something else.
All the quality people moved on.
Let's look at the drags, driftwood.
These people got nothing to say.
They got no problem calling up to say it.
Can't take it anymore.
Why do I come here every week?
Put up with this.
Too milliating.
It's you who's humility not me. I leave here with my head held high
It's you
As a community
Patch Adams got still worked up about patch Adams
Maybe these are just small change listeners, maybe that's it. This is your is your people. I don't know
I don't know, man.
How are you doing tonight?
I'm doing good, man.
I'm doing...
You have exciting stuff planned for tonight?
I just got your buddies going to my teeth, so I have no idea.
We'll find out.
I got a few things.
Those are the best kind of shows, though.
They're fun.
Where you don't know where you're going to go.
I have no idea.
And just so you know, you don't allow taping, right?
No taping.
Home cacophony is killing the porn industry, so to speak.
but it is killing the recording industry.
Yeah, it's a twisted one.
It's a crazy age.
What do you think there?
You just hit you right.
Say in the mall.
You wrote liner notes for that reissue.
Yeah, you know what I say?
Go at the whole industry burn.
It's time.
Ever you had a good run, 60 years.
You had your mafia contract.
Yeah, exactly.
Turn them up.
It's over.
Turn them up, you pugs.
Yeah, everybody's pointing people
got rich on the toil of other people
that's right let's read by the whole Beatles catalog three times over man
let's put him out on memory sticks brother well actually uh...
the Beatles catalog is not been updated since nineteen eighty seven so you
actually in that case
you pick the wrong
what about those uh... the wrong side things that came out
the bc sessions
i came out the nineties right yeah
was the mid nineties
sorry
you did pick the wrong
would have said Elvis Costello, for example, who just did his ninth reissue of this year's model,
which I think is this year's reissue.
I'm ready to say good night when you are ready to say hello.
WFMU East Orange, WXHD Manhood World Wide Web Web, WFMU.org, this has been the best shown
on WFMU we will be back next week. Thank you to Mike for screening calls for three hours
and for getting all oily and we will be back next week figuring out which state, which
town slash city has the biggest jerks. Get ready.