Hey, who's this?
Well, I am by the trail of Governor Valvin.
Hi, it's, uh, Gerald Palmer.
Tom Sharpling, Governor of Party.
Hey, Tom, it's Purple Tour.
Hey, Tom, it's Mark Michaels.
This is Richard Card, Richard Card.
What's your name?
Baron.
Baron.
the two. Firecrush. Maurice Kurtz. Horrifying.
Hey, Thomas Bruce. Johnny. Who's this?
Gingervitis. Gingervitis. Yes, they have Rick Feloni at the Wawa. I
guess who's one. I hate you. It's Peter. Hey, it's Steinberg.
Mm-hmm. You are creepy and I'm hanging upon you.
Boing. Roger Depp. My name is Ollie Fairnock.
I'll say it. You'll hear it. You'll do it. I'll get it. You'll learn it. I'll live with it.
And you'll die without it. Master Trash. There's a call to people.
Good day.
What's up, Tom? It's Tristan.
Hey, it's Michelle.
Yeah, Tom. It's Jim Ripple. How you doing?
When I get to do the toilet talk now.
The vaudeville of the new century.
My name is Tom Riley.
I'm calling from New Zealand.
Hey, man, it's Brian.
Ted, no, no, that's a tent pole.
It's a tent pole show.
Hey, this is Ted Lea.
Whaaat?
This is Pete from the Future.
Hi, Tom. It's DJ Terry Chase.
Hey, from Knoxville.
Super caller.
It's Officer Tom.
My name is Mike Zajak.
Get off my phone.
I don't care.
And this is it, he can, man.
I'm going to go to bed now.
Bye, friend.
Hey, Tom, it's Gordon.
Hey, Gordon, how are you?
I was in a band in the early 1990s, my name's Jerry Page.
Tom, why do you listen to Jeffrey Ludell?
It's a fat, diseased, wilder ragged man, isn't it?
The disenfranchised, never home now.
I'm the hero of the disenfranchised.
Let's go to the streets and do a breeze
Let's go down to the light
Let's go down to the night
Let's go down to the night
Thank you.
Oh yes.
Oh yes.
Oh yeah.
Oh yes.
Too many people
going underground
Too many reaching for a piece of cake
Too many people, bullet pushed around
Too many waiting for that low-key break
That was your first mistake
You took your low-key break and broke into
Now what can be done for you?
You look it into
Too many people sharing party lines
Too many people never sleeping late
Too many people paying parking fines
But no many hungry people lose their way
That what you first mistake
While you took your lucky break
And broke it into
Now what can be done for you?
You broke it into
This is, don't let them tell you what you wanna be
Too many people holding back
This is crazy, baby
It's not like we
That was your last mistake
I find my long way
Go waiting to be
That one can be brown for you
She's waiting for me
Oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh
I'm going to show you how to do it.
I'm going to show you how to do it.
and
and
You know I ain't joining on my fight
Better get out of the car to coming back
Now is the time
To call my trials
I thought I'd left them all behind
But I never found you coming back, I think I was a kind
You just win the snarls of love, you offer the life to love you, and I ain't known, I can't tell you, I don't know that what you say to you, you need someone to believe me, it's just the sun
a whole
about advice
we've been listening to it all this time
let's make our lives
we should know
that's right
If you ever thought of coming back
But now it's the time
If you ever thought of coming back
But growing a mind
If you ever thought of coming back
But now it's the time
Yeah, we can have a car and come in the back
We're now in the sun
You and I fall together
You and I just leave alone
After all things might be better
At the one that there's one that's without a gun
For the moon you can't shoot
Throw your love up in the air
For the kids you stay together
They never make us laugh them in a high chair
Or are you ever wanted
But someone to take care of you
All you're losing is
A little mascara
A little mascara
And after new things are quiet
Step back now if you can
Stations clap by light for rocket, don't you worry, don't wonder why you're here at all you ever wanted
Someone to take care of, all you're losing is
A little mascara, little mascara
No one else can be left to cry
If you are left to cry
If you are right
If you are left to cry
If you are right
And cry, cry, cry, cry
All you ever wanted was someone mildly scared
All your balloons and hair
The room I scare
The room I scare
The light that you drive
The light that you drive
D O U L L E L R G N PLAY
What can I do for you, John?
Uh, so a few weeks ago, I thought you may be interested to know, you said, uh, quote,
I'm not interested what Puggly from the Adams family is doing these days.
Ken Weatherwax.
Right, yes.
Um, what else are you doing?
Maybe not, you know, what Puggly's doing nowadays, but I can tell you what Puggly came
from, because I grew up with that kid.
You grew up with Ken Weatherwax?
Pug Me Like Addams Family, Addams Family Values.
How you're talking about from the movie?
My Generation.
Yeah.
The Cool Addams Family.
This is in your father's Addams Family.
That's right.
It was, uh, what's that?
Early Nineties Addams Family?
Something like that.
So you grow up with that kid?
Yeah, but they're going to be a punk, the kid I was.
I'm not going to let you be smurched, the kid?
For shame.
Good day.
Don't wait for me to be true
My show, double your weapon
The best show, double your weapon
The best show, double your weapon
The best show
I don't want to do the show tonight, I don't want to do the show tonight I don't want to do the show tonight
Hey, best show on WFMU back for another Tuesday night, extravaganza, three hours of mirth
music in mayhem.
I'm your host, the host for tonight's installment.
My name's Tom Sharpling and tonight's episode is called Eenie, Meenie, Meenie, Murder.
Oh, what did we just hear?
We heard the replacements from a reissue of their hot new album, well not their hot
new album.
A hot new reissue of their old album, Tim.
What did you hear the Tim come out, Mike?
Eighty-five.
called Little Mascara, which I thought was called A Little Mouse Scared Ya.
For the longest time, because admittedly, I had a cassette I taped it off my friend and
I've been listening to that tape for the last 23 years.
Then finally I bought the album on Compact Disc.
It's called Little Mascara, how about that?
out by the fine people at Rhino, Sire, which is a division of the Warner Music Group Company.
Actually, I would say if you want a catalog or maybe more information on the replacements,
the Rhino Entertainment Company is your best bet, so you can write them a letter at 3,400
West Olive Avenue, that's in Burbank, California, 91505-
The plus four zip is 4614.
So you can write the people over at Rhino and ask them about
some of that other records they have that may say,
Hey, I'm a fan of the replacements.
What else do you have in your catalog that sounds like that?
before that Kelly Stoltz from the awesome below the branches record came out a
couple years ago ever thought of coming back and starting us off Paul and Linda
McCartney teaming up the Ram album too many people one the best albums ever the
phone number 201 209 9368 201 209 9368 that is the number to get involved in
tonight's show which is action packed by the way tonight's show there ain't no
wiggle room in this thing nothing I got this thing so tight one mistake throws
the whole thing out of whack. One bad phone call and then the house of cards comes tumbling
down. One bad phone call and it all falls apart. One bad phone call and the entire thing
collapses. I might as well not even do the show. FM, you're on the air. Hello, Pat.
Hello, what?
Softly.
What did you call me, Ted?
No, Pat.
Pat! As in what?
I was just Pat.
P-E-T, Pat?
Yes.
What, what, you think I'm here, Pat?
Call everybody, call everybody.
Goodbye.
Oh, you call everybody. I'm not everybody. I'm not everybody. Who's this online to?
FM you you're on the air. Hey Tom. Hey, who's this? This is Dave who's saying Knoxville. Power caller. How you doing?
Doing okay. How are you tonight? I'm good. I'm good. It's a good week. How are things in Tennessee tonight?
Sir, great. You know what's going on this week?
What's that?
I'm surrounded by music that's at least marginally connected to
scenes from the best show.
Really? How so?
Last night, I saw Todd Rungren.
Yes?
Sort of an interesting thing. I haven't seen him in, I think, 35 years.
How was that?
He did a really hot version of open eyes, sort of cheap tricked it up.
up really
uh... yeah maybe he might have new cars did up
well it's a new cars thing fell apart barely elia deston fell off uh...
stage broke collarbone
so we gotta get some money together some other way
yes so he's out he's out uh... tard rungren is out now on tour
yeah exciting
it's a little trying because uh...
he's got an album that came out i think two weeks ago mhm
he did the entire album
front to start
what
that was thirteen of his twenty songs
well i would have walked out on that one
and then he also did uh... lunatic fringe by red writer no he didn't
he did i swear to god
and uh...
so you can see that this rate you go to see that i think is new album is that
actually i know
no i was called arena isn't it
so i go to see tard rungrin
i don't know what rungrin
mike's doing dance out there
this guy's thrown me for a loop
mama mike's doing a little uh... little uh... river dance out there something
i don't know so so i can see tard rungrant also this guy does
twenty songs for the entire show thirteen of which are from his new album
which is probably unlike t r records
and he did consecutively
i mean there was no break
so we really got to follow the journey
that is the album uh... arena which none of us knew at that point
thirteen songs very long song
uh... and he he also did uh... the walls came down by the call
but it would
so he did so
of these songs he does he shows up
thirteen of the song of the twenty songs are from his new album which nobody
has any idea what what that is
he goes and does uh... uh... uh... uh... a cover of lunatic fringe
by who that red rider
red rider
so i'm there watching this guy and he's doing some
horrible song from the eighties
and then he does uh... song by the call so that's fifteen right there
now i get five tod runway and songs
for the rest unless he did any any any other covers he he fit in any other
did he do uh...
he fit anything out and i think you do relax
by uh... frank against the hollywood
i thought i call it for uh... iran
seriously go see this guy
that would you know what
uh...
couldn't i just tell you the way that i feel
it was incredible
and uh...
he didn't do hello it's me which is fine with me but the people were
now you know who would want to see that
but uh... who would want to do hello it's me
now it was free for me
i think i'd be a lot more upset if i still would ask for my money back
on that one
but here's the connection to the best show course
i tried during a break to shout out something about filly boy roy because i
know they have some
association
from filly boy roy's days with his uh... record company
that's right i think
think i'd rungram's gonna sign the wall of records at one point possibly
but also uh... toddler in space player
was Rachel Hayden, who's Petra Hayden's sister.
Really?
Yeah.
Wow.
So that's all best show related.
And now I'm here on Tuesday night.
Emma from Knoxville had a concert tonight.
So got to go hear her sing.
Tomorrow night, live in Knoxville, in Randy Newman.
And I'll be there.
Why?
I know he's not one of your favorites.
Well, did you lose a bet or something?
Well, for my 50th birthday, one of my old friends
bought me and my wife tickets for this year.
You're gonna do that as long as he throws
the N word around like it's going out of style?
I've seen him in the past and he didn't do that,
but no, I think Jay-Z's got ownership of that word now,
doesn't he?
Yes, Jay-Z has ownership of that word.
Oh, hey, you know what, Dave?
Yeah.
When's your birthday?
I was back in July, I was depressed,
well i'm going to wish you
a happy belated birthday you're gonna have fun at this rate who's not good
you have fun at this randy newman concert was going to do songs from toy
story
i hope so do songs from uh... mulan any of these things that he did songs for
well actually you know and i know for fact that i've read some reviews
that he's doing every song from his brand new album
wow him and thought rungren uh...
go toe-to-toe on that
the only difference is where Randy Newman it's like
I can't think of three songs that I actually want to hear this guy do from his old stuff
didn't he there there was
a call on line three right you do it I'll talk to you soon have fun at the concert
have a great night
line three
mike
if i mean you're on the air
it's on what's going on it's right for we all can frank from we all can how are
you doing
good as a girl
going all right
cool cool uh... i got a question for you i don't know if it's a little too
early to ask but i was wondering if you have decided
which you're given out for halloween this year if you are
what am i going to give out for halloween i don't know i don't know i you know
previous years I've given out all different kinds of stuff. A lot of times I
give out candy. Like the full-size bars? Because you got money or like the
smallest size one? Yeah, the full-size bars because I have money. That's what it
is. I wrap King's Eye Snickers bars in $20 bills and give those out. How dare
you. Evo. FM you, you're on the air.
Gonna rule you. Gonna school you. Gonna be your mayor now.
Now...
Well, be long now
Gonna rule
Gonna rule
Yeah!
Wow, Philly Boy Roy.
Oh, you knew it was me?
Yes, I managed to figure out that it was you.
Because normally I say, you know, you'll never ever guess who this is.
Yeah.
Yeah, but you did get it.
I did get it this time.
Yeah.
My name is... it's your new mayor.
Well, do you mean for Newbridge?
Yeah.
Well, not yet.
The election ends next Tuesday.
So people, by the way, should go to friendsattom.com to the message board and vote for who they
think should be the next mayor of Newbridge.
But that's just a formality.
You are in the lead right now, but anything is possible.
I'm sure I am.
How can I not be?
Anything is possible.
Yeah.
You don't believe that?
I'm going to get crowned.
crown well you know the mayor's not crowned
i'm sure he is any
uh... i don't think he's crowned that you win the you win the election and then
that's
that's kind of that
well he gets a crown like joe biden
what's that
joe biden
joe biden has a crown
no
oh king biden
now that you see you're confused again you did this uh... a couple weeks ago
who did
no though i got that wasn't even you
that was another guy who called you're you're all
i'm surrounded by
cool people
cool people yes i'm surrounded by people like-minded people let's call them
that
like-minded people
people what's that
speaking a cool people yeah
i want to talk about me
okay
what do you want to talk about roy
did you hear about what i did at the floor you're staying the other night
i i did not
oh yeah we put that tail and check
really you were at that game the opening uh... game of the season is that what it
was yeah yeah
uh... we couldn't stand her
well what when so you were there when sarah palind rock
the puck
oh yeah and you started booing her
no we didn't do her
no see
she and i was lovers want
i told you that didn't i
i don't know if it was
you're exaggerate results disgusting for use that just creeps me out to know
when but
now it ain't
yet it doesn't because it's not true also
well we were we were window lovers
now you were looking in a window
well yeah at her that would just sick i mean that's it that's not doing something
else that i don't know that i don't stop stop stop
Oh, I did stop.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
But I finished it later.
What?
Stop.
You don't judge me, you know why?
Why?
I judge you.
You judge me.
Oh, great.
So you were at the game.
So you booed.
Who did you boo?
Piper.
The kid.
Yeah, why?
How old is Piper, palin?
I want to say like 10 or 8.
And you booed her.
Oh yeah, that kid rubs me the wrong way.
Well, why do you care?
Because I don't like her.
You know how much I don't like her?
How much?
I was whipping stuff at her.
That's horrible.
I was up in like the top box to way up high.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But you know, she's only a kid.
Yeah.
So I threw nine bolts wrapped in those marshmallows ducks,
the peaks.
That's horrible.
i didn't really hit her much
you actually connected
i think i hit her in like the knee one
that is
horrifying you love it
i don't i don't love it
oh yeah you did you know i i i i have a long history of billing you know mike
smith
greglazinsky uh... harrow car michael back for the eagles i'll support the
pope back in seventy nine
uh... why you you booed though you booed the pope
oh yeah he brought me the wrong way to
uh...
you know what what it was when he was on his tour back then you know he was on
like a u.s. tour
uh-huh
and he did this speech on ben frankman parkway
uh-huh like i was october seventy nine
and so you know me and my bud's lonnie and wheels
well okay lonnie and wheels are right yeah
we were hanging out in the middle of the crowd you know trying to sell these
fears that we stole
for a for a thing where the pope is coming to speak
yeah why
well do you think people really need beer for that
well it turned out they didn't you know we couldn't sell none of them because it
must have been too early in the day or so yeah well what time was it
it was like
to in the afternoon yeah well it's also a thing people don't necessarily show up
to go see the
the pope with a buzz on
well you know i realize that but you know so
so after that we realize we couldn't sell nothing so we realize there was
nothing left to do but drop
well
i have no idea what you're talking about nothing to do but drop
as if you like it dummy
that's it so you went to see the pope
and you were
crack of water much you don't sound like you do you know what i don't i don't
I'm I'm kind of proud that I'm not some expert on acid. Well, you know everyone should try it once
That's what I tell Roy jr. Your son. Yeah, and which is the hard part of you and your and Roy
Which is terrible those are your children. No, it's it shapes. How you see the world your world view
Uh-huh great like the bush doctrine like the what the bush doctrine. It's his worldview. Uh-huh. Oh, she handed it to him didn't he didn't she
Charlie Charlie Rose did you hear her who hear Sarah Palin yeah in what regard
Charlie oh man she served it up to him no I would not I would not exactly
qualify that as a serving totally yeah yeah anyway getting back to you know to
back then in 79 mm-hmm so it's about an hour into his mask that he's doing you
know his what is that that's what he was an hour into
that we want to know that you did it all you dummy no it's a man you call it's
called a man you're so stupid no it's not it's a man
and a s t it's not it's definitely not okay well we'll agree to disagree well
let's agree to disagree so you're there it's an hour into it yeah and then in
In the middle of this thing, the Pope looks at me, and he looks all mad, and I was all
what?
I didn't do nothing.
And then I distinctly heard him say, De Donos, Diablos, Phyllis, Boyos, Royos.
What is that supposed to be?
I'm almost positive, it means the devil is still a boy, Roy.
but that's not latin what you just said you're just adding oce to the end of
things no i'm not oce what would do what you're not oce oh man i was scared
oce why are you stop adding oce to things now i'm not doing that oce stop
that i'll tell you what oce i thought he was going to reach right out and
damn me to him oce please i'm going to ask you to please stop saying oce at the
end of everything. I'm not doing nothing. I can't stop doing that. You think that
that's Latin. It is Latin. It's not Latin to add. Stop it. No. I'm just kidding.
Oh, please stop me. Do you want me to stop? Yes, I do. Okay, I
Knew you were gonna do it again
You didn't think I knew latin did you oh you you don't know latin I sure do oh
Stop it. Okay, but anyway, you know I got over it. Mm-hmm
So, we end up failing on that boring mast, and we end up going over to the MAM Music
Center to whip Little River Bands fans.
To do what?
To whip Little River Bands fans.
To whip them?
Yes.
They were there at the MAM Music Center?
Well, their fans was, yeah.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, they were playing that night.
So you and you were whipping them?
Oh, yeah.
With, like, actual whips?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
know me and uh...
lonnie and we'll hear on the rock sparrow uh... high whipping squad back
then
the whipping squad
yet we finish third and regional
so that it's a that's actually a competitive school sport and well it was
that they only allowed it for like a year uh-huh
yeah recall the rock sparrow whip mark
uh-huh wow okay
so that was but that was
well that's horrible that these little river bent fans show up at the same
Just to watch a show and then you're you're harassing them. Well, they were dummies. They like the band that s ucked
Okay, great. Yeah
Hey, you know, um speaking of Congresswoman Palin. Yeah
Governor Palin. Yeah. Oh
Good for her. I should have stuck with her. Uh-huh. Yeah, yeah, you should have told you we was lovers right
Yeah, you we went through that already
You don't have to repeat that. Are you sure? I'm positive. I'm begging you not to. Okay
You think that that's Latin and it's not I think it's the funniest thing I've ever done
That's it you know, I'll say I was actually waiting for you to do it again
Did I hear
That the first dunce is run from Mayor Newbridge?
The first dunce.
Yeah.
Who's that?
Todd.
Oh, that's right.
Yeah.
Todd Palin is running now for...he joined the Mayouba Nitorial Race.
Oh, I don't like that one bit.
He joined too late though.
He actually has been getting a lot of votes, but it might be a little bit too little too
late because he's just not going to get enough.
Oh, good.
Because you don't want that guy running things.
Why is that?
Well, it's like he's got Asperger's syndrome or something.
What's that?
He's got Asperger's syndrome?
OK.
Sure.
I'm going to let that one slide.
I can't flag every one of these.
You know, he and I actually shared a slide back
when I was up in Alaska.
Shared a what?
Yeah.
What did you share?
Hang on.
I got a burp.
Oh, I had a big hoagie.
Yeah, that's disgusting.
I'm sorry, he and I actually shared a flight
when I was up in Alaska on that moose,
that moose killing expedition we did.
Yeah.
Yeah, we was in this little Piper Cup.
Uh-huh, Piper.
Sure, Piper Cup, okay, you were in a Piper Cup.
Nah, it's a Piper Cup.
You never heard of a Piper Cup?
No, I-
Crack a flight playing much.
It don't sound like you do, you erud, dummy.
Okay, yeah.
It's one of them little planes.
Yes.
A Piper cup.
So he got all mad at me because I was rocking the plane back and forth, back and forth,
back and forth.
It was so funny.
But that's not funny.
It was kind of funny until we almost crashed.
Yeah.
Because those things are little and somebody doing that can actually interfere with the
plane flying.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I didn't know I was talking to Howard Hubert.
No.
You're not.
The guys the guy that invented the moose goose
Jeepers, okay
Yes
But so he was mad at you for doing that he was mad at being that I just said out thought off
That's you that's your little zinger back to him. It was back then. I wasn't as advanced as I am now
Uh-huh with your and now I would say Todd off
off
yeah
doing it right
fillies are are doing pretty a pretty well in the in the uh... in the
playoffs
one more game
uh... map and plane for this so long
to go to the world series
oh yeah i haven't been this excited
since the time i was elected mayor of new preach next week
But that's next week, that has yet to happen.
Yeah, why?
But you're talking about how you have it, fine.
Yeah, I can see in the future, Tom.
You can, okay.
It's like I'm clairvoyant.
So you actually think you're clairvoyant?
No, I'm not her.
I'm like her.
Man, I just, I can't.
You don't know who clairvoyant was?
She was the first person to see in the future.
Okay.
You gnostered dummy.
I'm a gnostered dummy.
Yeah, it was back in the 60s.
Uh-huh.
Nobody could see in the future before that.
Until she did.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
So she was the first to look into the future.
Oh, yeah.
You know why we didn't do so good out in LA at first?
Well, you mean the fillies?
Yeah, they're looking for dodgers.
Why is that?
It's 2F.
Up, up, out there.
Really?
And we're go wood?
You mean, okay, in weirdo wood, yeah.
Oh, weirdo wood.
We're, okay.
We're go wood.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, weirdo wood.
You just can't concentrate out there
because all them starlets and players,
it's like fill these times two.
So Los Angeles, in terms of the star power,
is like Philadelphia times two.
Times two, yeah.
Yeah, you don't think that maybe there's more stars out there. There's not twice as many stars in LA as Philly.
Only two times as many. What are you implying that there's more than that?
No, I'm actually saying there's way more.
Ever heard of M Night Shyamalan?
Yes, I've heard of M Night Shyamalan.
With Brother M Morning Shyamalan?
Yes, I've heard of you've mentioned him before also.
Yeah, I'm mad at them.
You're mad at the Shyamalan family.
family yeah why is that well you know how you could do early voting yeah I did
early trick-or-treating uh-huh yeah they wouldn't give me no candy the
the while you're an adult well they was all but they were saying that like you
can't be doing this it's August well you shouldn't be trick-or-treating at
any point why not because you're well how old are you you're like coming up on
40, right? So I was wearing a costume that I thought he would appreciate. What was it?
I was dressed as that wall in the movie The Village. Okay, you're dressed up. And he did
not, he still did not appreciate it. Well, why would he appreciate it? Yeah, what it was.
It's August. And basically I was just holding a brick. Why? So you show him, so you were
Not even wearing you showed up on his doorstep with a brick in your hand
On his front yard
Yeah, and he knew it was his brick too because he like he he puts like a monogram into his bricks and stuff
Really? Yeah, so any brick on M. Night Shyamalan's property has an actual individual monogram. Oh, yeah
He's a total mello maniac
Yeah, so so he did not give you any candy. You didn't give me nothing. No. Well good for him
I also wanted him to autograph that book for me, too. He wouldn't do it.
Which book?
It's called, like, The Man Who Heard Voices.
Yeah, I wouldn't autograph. It's not a flattering portrait.
What's about how he blew it?
Yeah, exactly. Who would sign that book?
I don't know. It's like when I tried to get Priscilla Presley to sign my copy of Elvis. What happened?
Yeah, of course she didn't sign it.
do it yeah because it's a hatchet job
and jeff tweedy wouldn't find my copy of will go what happened
there's a book called will go what happened
i wrote it why oh wow you wrote a will go
oh yeah
uh-huh
uh-huh i didn't know that
yeah i don't really know much about them either i just i like the name of the
band so i just made up stuff about him uh-huh yeah when they were playing the
tower like last month i went over he wouldn't sign it
yeah that's not shocking that
i mean was the book is the book negative
about them
oh yeah
well of course he would
you first of all it's that sounds like you just made it like you said you
don't you who even knows if it's negative
because it's just not true
well he read the first couple pages and
you know honestly he was more than i spelled his name wrong uh-huh
but it was pretty like tweedy bird yeah it's it ain't
yeah and yes it isn't
so i was flying out to l.a. to be with the team you know uh-huh
i got detained at the airport
you got detained at aware at l.a.x. at laxia
uh-huh uh... why did you get detained
because i had a sword
why
why did you have
why did you fly with a sword
for protection
protection from who
let's just say there's a few people out there that want me uh...
well they want me
from back with the days when i was running wall wall records yeah
they're looking to even the score
uh... yeah like who
in all honesty most of the people who look in uh... for me are exotic dancers
uh... what why would they be mad at you you were running a record label
yet but i used to go to the uh... exotic dance uh... parlors every day parlors
several times a day and exotic dance
but that's a that's a good night
uh... gentlemanly way of putting it
and their gentleman's club
they can't help but if they're bottomless
well uh...
this is disgusting i i don't really well they're mad at me because i don't think
they should be picked
i'm not getting into that that's
i don't care what you do it a a gentleman parlor
well it's not so fair i don't get nobody know where
that he did get used to it later on the new bridge
speaking of i'm changing the name when i get elected next week
the name of what
new bridge
what are you going to change the name of it too
new philadelphia bridge
real
really you're going to post so thank you
You still got one in.
Oh, yeah.
I'm going to run that place.
I'm going to rule that place with an iron hoke.
Great.
So that's what we have to look forward to if you manage
to pull this election out.
Yeah.
Better button down the hatch.
It's New Bridge.
Great.
Well, let's see what happens next week.
Yeah.
I mean, they're sure not going up for Mike, are they?
Mike is, I think, in third right now.
Oh, I'm surprised.
associate producer mike what's been going on with him
a little bit of a free fall
he's had a he's had a couple bad days well on the on the campaign trail
uh... yeah and it's only going to get worse
he was wearing his uh... from what i heard
he was he was he was going around town
kind of shaking hands doing a meet and greet in his uh...
outfit from that play he's in shnell
yeah and uh...
did he also tell you what was on his breath
No.
Alco Hall.
Yeah.
And then I also heard it was like burning an effigy,
like Marki Ramon, burning him an effigy.
Oh yeah, Mark don't like that, you know why?
Why?
You just don't like it, you know.
I mean, you'd think that Mark would think
that would be funny, right?
Yeah.
But he didn't think it was funny.
He didn't.
Yeah, he just got madder and madder and madder.
He did.
that seems like a common thread throughout through those guys
although guys were awful
there were months yet they seem like they were not the most pleasant guys on
earth
uh... they would with each other
not to the extent that yes would though
yeah those guys were brutal
you know i guess the way we'll we'll see what happens mark i think was in
second place in the election
bob and first right
you currently are i believe
Oh, great. Well, you can read all about Mike's stuff when my book comes out.
You're writing a book about Mike?
Yes, coming out next week.
What's it called?
Mike, what happened?
Wow.
Yes.
So you have a book about Mike, you have a book about Wilco and a book about Mike.
You're very prolific now.
Oh, absolutely. Yeah.
My publisher loves it.
And who's your publisher?
would you in your publication
wow that's so your son
well i don't even know what to say sometimes roy
there's not a lot to say except for this one
gonna rule you
on a school yes gonna be your mayor
yeah
uh...
right up
any age is hangs up
and a man-o-man
Philly Boy Roy in the lead for mayor of Newbridge.
You can go over to friendsatomb.com, the message board,
and vote.
Register for the board, and then vote.
Who do we got here, Mike?
Anybody good?
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi, Tom.
It's Julie from Cincinnati.
Oh, hey, Julie.
How are you?
You're good.
How are you?
I'm doing okay.
It's hard to vote for a associate producer, Mike,
when Philly Boy Roy is running.
Yeah.
I do it, but it's hard.
It is hard.
Everybody's got to make the decisions they make for voting.
Now, I have something to talk to you about, Julie.
This pains me.
I don't know.
You might have me confused with somebody else, though.
Yeah.
I think last week you called me.
and i i i said uh... though i don't don't call the other show and harass them
but you called
uh... multiple times didn't you call the uh... the show shut up weirdo on uh...
friday's at six
you call me i can i kept getting disconnected tom i asked you i asked you
not to
but you did right
i didn't call as a joke though
uh... you know that's what look you called
you're entitled to call but uh... fortunately
i asked you not to
because look out for anybody who's listening now
com please don't and no i'm not gonna ban you
i'm not going to ban you don't worry not gonna ban you
i'll send you a million dollars
i'm going to trade you
to their show
all com for for one month
you're theirs
hard to you know you could listen so you know what
call that call it for the next four weeks
i can't let you on the air i asked you not to you did it
you're all about everybody else
if i find out who they were
i'll trade them also
they were they were uh... they could they were cloaked in the shadows as nobody
but i want to think some other show on the station first of all we didn't
people call to be uh... i wanted to find out about it but didn't get it
you know if only there was a way to just find out about a radio show
the only way to find out is the call. If only, you know, I understand how you can't just
listen to a radio show to find out what it's about.
It was too horrible to listen to.
Look, that's neither here nor there. I'm not going to be smurched these guys. It's hard
doing a new show on the station. It's hard. You should have heard the years I put up with
people. You stink. You stink. You're horrible. You're the worst. I put up with that for years
here. Now everybody, I'm the bell of the ball. Everybody loves the best show.
I never told them they stink, though all I'm asking for all I'm asking for one month
No, I'm not asking that I'm telling on that
This is it
Everybody lay off they're trying to get their feet under the day with they were I wanted them to call up and introduce themselves on the show
They don't want to do that. They don't know about this show fine more power to them. God bless them
I hope they have the most successful show in the history of WFM you
was listening the other night good for them but you know what I want nothing to
do that I'm not about sinking other shows but you madam you're theirs now you
belong to them you were one of their callers rap this night and a month can I
be one of your callers again though. You can? If I be. No. He vote. He vote. You belong
to them now Julie. You call them from now on. You didn't listen. I said please don't call
and bug them. Please don't call and bug them. You get called and bug them. Make me sick to
my, I'm sitting at home sick to my stomach. Hearing these people harassing these slobs
trying to get their show going. Look, it's hard getting the show going on this
thing. The callers are like animals. They'll turn it. You got to whip them and
train them. I got these callers trained right now. Those guys don't, those guys
don't have anybody trained yet. Look, I could give them advice. I could give
them advice. I'd have their show up and running. They'd be running like a Swiss
watch if they would just ask. I've been through the trenches. I know what I'm
doing here.
They don't want to hear it or power to them. FMU you're on the air.
Oh, Tom, I didn't tell you I won some money.
Is this Spike?
Yes, it is.
Alright, what can I do for you tonight Spike?
Well, I meant to tell you I won some money.
How did you win money?
I went to Atlantic City.
Really?
Yes.
Whose card did you break into?
Oh, no one.
I used the slot machine.
What slot machine did you win on?
Uh, Valley.
Stop the clock.
I want to hear this.
I went to three different casinos, but the first two didn't win anything.
And how much did you win?
Three hundred and ten dollars.
What?
I know.
I wish I won more, but...
How did you win now? Where did you go on crazy? Were you laying it all on the line?
You hit the all of a sudden, things started going crazy?
Uh, something like that, yeah.
More power to you, you did it. Congratulations. Talk to you next week.
It is the best show on WFMU East Orange WXHD Mount Hope World Wide and the World Wide Web at WFMU.org.
This is the best show. We are here each and every Tuesday night.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, Thomas, Deb.
Who?
Deb, from Portland.
Deb, from Portland. How are you tonight?
I am good. How are you?
I'm doing all right.
You know, I just had a thought when um, it's only what was going on about the 79
Pope trip. Yeah
Why didn't why junior go out with the Pope soap on a rope?
It was big in Phoenix. I
Don't know if the Roy Jr. Was around at that point
Where are you probably right? Yeah, but you know
Even Roy. Yeah. Hope soap on a rope. Come on. That's good stuff. Yes. It is
How are we going to use it?
Remember that thing about me needing there not to be a dead moment of the show?
It's over. Get it on track. I'm getting the show on track right now.
It's embarrassing.
It's embarrassing.
I got famous people listening tonight. Hot shots. Maker breakers. Kind of people could
pull the trigger on my career. This is a showcase. I'm doing a showcase right now. I'm doing
showcase and I'm laying here on my face. A big shot's listening tonight.
All right.
things.
So last week I was talking about the role of the feeding l
Atlantic City where I thought I could I was like oh I have some free time I
go on a on a on a Ferris wheel that'll be a fun way to spend I'll be a fun way
to spend a few minutes and I go on it and within five seconds I realize I hate
Ferris wheels and I'm terrified of them and then I had to pretend I had to
pretend when it looped around I was in a complete panic staring at my feet
terrified I pretended that I had a cell phone call coming in and then I had to
get off the Ferris wheel to go meet someone. Sad it's one that's that's way
up there. Embarrassing. I don't know what I was thinking so here is tonight's
topic. What's wrong with me? What are those moments where you're just like
what's wrong with me even say your name like oh like I would say oh Tom what's
wrong with me
201 209 93 68 what's wrong with me tonight's topic
Oh phones are dead, there's a flop, that's a flop, another flop, right in front of everybody.
This is what I was supposed to put me on the map.
Alright, you know what I'm going to do?
While I wait for the calls to come pouring in,
this always turns it around.
As you know, my protégé, his name is the H-man.
Remember the H-man, Mike?
He's on Facebook.
And he writes his status updates on Facebook.
He's a young man, Tonya.
They're poetry.
Pure poetry.
The H-man's status updates.
They're the most relaxing things you've ever heard in your life.
Time for us to once again read the H man's status updates while we wait for the
phones to rank 201, 209, 9368.
The H-Man is under the weather, but is going to try and take it easy the next few days
until he goes home for the holiday.
The H-Man
can't believe how fast the week's going.
Well, it just means the five-day weekend will be here sooner.
So he's okay with it.
The H-Man
has begun his long weekend.
pledge, bro, birthday celebration today, then home tomorrow.
The H man says to everyone out there in Facebook land, who's in
some sort of some form of education, have a great weekend
because I because I sure will, five days to relax and enjoy
family time.
The H-Man is so tired, but needs to get ready and get himself onto a bus home soon.
Here's a topical one.
The H-Man says goodbye to Paul Coolhand Luke Newman.
Holy moly, I'm in utter shock.
Those blue eyes will never grace this earth again.
Then a few hours later, the H-Man was dealing with his grief over the passing of Paul Newman
with this status update.
The H-Man bought some Newman's own limeade, which is delicious by the way.
Go try it some time.
In memory of the great Paul Newman.
He's left quite a legacy, personally I might watch a movie that Paul Newman made to honor
his legacy, but we each have our own way of dealing with grief.
That is how the H-Man deals with it.
The H-Man thinks 22 hours of no new status updates is enough.
Had a nice night with the family eating some nice food for the new year.
The H-Man is a couple days later.
The H-Man is back at school.
family time, but now it's back to schoolwork. Well, at least tomorrow's Thursday so it's
closer to the weekend. Then one day later, the H-Man can't believe it's already the
weekend. Only one class today, so this day will be a nice and short one. The H-Man is
watching what he missed last night at the VP debates. 15 minutes in and it's
already pretty one-sided. A political post from the H-man. Edgy. Some teeth to
the H-man's status updates. The H-man is watching the debates from last night,
night, eating, and then enjoying the night with some friends.
The next day, the H-man is going to rock the vote today, and finally getting registered.
If you're in the area, you should come as well.
There'll be some bands playing.
That was a ten in the morning.
Seven o'clock that night.
The H-Man is now a registered voter in this college town.
It's one more young college student eligible to vote.
We are reading the H-man status updates.
my protégé, the man who will replace me.
The H-man honestly wants to sleep as long as he can from tonight into tomorrow.
That'd be just awesome then.
The H-man is not ready to celebrate Yom Kippur, that is all.
The H-man is gonna have, I can't read that one.
The H-Man thinks that Heroes Season 3 started off much better than the first two and is
getting better by the episode.
The H-Man says today is going to stink horribly, 8 a.m. 5 and a half hour class followed by
starting the night with Yom Kapoor and fasting for 24 hours.
at 1.16 in the morning, but then later that day.
The H-Man says he loves the new Weird Al single, whatever you like, based on the TI song.
The H-Man is going to enjoy tomorrow, except for the fact he'll be reading the godfather
most of the day, and that's about it.
Then later, triumph follows tragedy.
The H-Man is so glad he ate wings tonight to break the fast.
So glad it's over.
The H-Man can't believe it's Friday.
That day off makes today feel like a Monday.
What?
The H-Man is going to see Spamalot with his grandma tomorrow.
Looks to be a nice outing.
That was at 154.
Then,
for those wondering
how Spamalot went.
The H-man is back from Spam a lot, and has to say he really enjoyed it, except for some of the improvised pop culture references, which took him out of the moment.
The H-man is so glad he went to the mall today. He got a pair of echo shoes, because the other ones he bought still hurt his feet, the new ones rock.
Thus, we conclude the H-Man's status updates.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hello, Tom. This is Curtis in Austin.
Curtis in Austin. How are you tonight?
I'm doing very well. How are you, sir?
I'm doing well myself.
I've got to say, the H-Man's status updates really,
really, really make me long for my college days.
What's that?
My college days.
They make you, they make you long for your college days.
Yeah, yeah.
Really.
Yeah, quite a time.
They were.
They were.
This guy is living the, the, the mellowest life on earth.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I would trade places.
I would trade places with this guy in a heartbeat.
Yes.
As would I.
And that kind of brings to my what's wrong with me, because that's tonight's topic.
What is wrong with me?
Yes, because I am here once again, yet another evening, staring down some work that I just
somehow could not bring myself to a finish between the hours of nine and five.
And asking myself, what is wrong with me?
You couldn't get the work done in time at work.
For some reason, when I'm in that office, all I'm doing is I just can't get it done.
You goof off, right?
Yeah, got to wait until I'm under the gun for some reason.
You're goofing out, you have no discipline.
Yeah.
You're weak minded.
You're weak minded.
Oh, I'm pretty weak minded, yeah.
You're a failed person.
You're a failed person.
You have failings.
I do.
just one prominently and then now you pay a price here it's it's uh...
uh... it's it's nighttime now
it's uh... it's bad it's an it's an untenable situation i i don't know what
i think about it
and you're stuck at work
well i'm not at the office i i'm at home at least but i but i'm at home
working you might as well be at the office
might as well
has chained to the computer
this work but what were you doing all day uh... uh...
walking from desk to desk goofing around
little bit yeah
cracking jokes
you know do you do like five minutes of work here yet you just there at the
email inbox
yet
i don't know what it is
is what you do
one of the two
what is your name again young man i apologize
is that kurtis kurtis
first i need you to say
oh kurtis
what is wrong with you
No, Curtis, what is wrong with you?
Okay, now here's what you do, Curtis.
Okay.
Easy.
You're on your computer.
Shut the internet off on it.
Just shut it off.
Good call.
Shut it off.
It's not an email machine, it's not an email machine.
All right.
Step one, shut the internet off.
There you go, shut it off.
Second step.
you have a clean desk clean workspace yeah yeah my desk is okay good here's what you do you go
buy yourself a little a little egg timer right okay you put it next to your desk all right then
you say to yourself Curtis you failure you loser you've disappointed me and you're talking to
yourself obviously you've been nothing but a disappointment so many times I can't even count
that high. All right. I'm going to set this egg timer tool for one hour. Okay. And I'm
going to work nonstop for that hour. One hour in the egg timer nonstop. Yes. And you just
marvel at how much you get done in that one hour. Just marvel. Is this the, is this the
the sharpling method
yes this is
alright
you go kurtis
thank you sir i'm going to put that in practice you have a good night you too
fm you you're on the air
hey tom it's got tea
scottie the artist
that's right how you've been very talented young man
i haven't called it a long time i haven't had much to say but i do have a
i do have a uh...
uh... something for the topic tonight let's hear it
It's actually something that I think of from time to time
because it was so embarrassing that it still comes up
in my life, and no, it happened probably six years ago,
maybe a little longer.
So here's the scene.
Well, first you should know that I
used to be kind of a total spaz in high school.
I was really impulsive, and I used
to do really crazy stuff just without thinking about it,
and I would often get into trouble.
OK.
Well, fast forward to, okay, I move out of Wisconsin.
I come to New York, I have a real job,
and I finally get a girlfriend who I really like.
And so we decided it's a nice crisp fall day,
and we're gonna go apple picking.
And I went with two older friends,
and my new-ish girlfriend.
And she doesn't know me that well.
She doesn't know that I used to be a spaz.
Okay.
And I thought I had this behind me too.
I thought I was relatively sort of stable.
Anyway, so we spend a couple hours
picking really nice, beautiful, perfect apples.
Now, like the stuff you find at the grocery store
that's full of wax and bruises and dents,
and these are beautiful, perfect apples.
And so we're waiting in line to pay.
You have to weigh them, and they charge you
for how much they weigh.
Well, something just came over me.
I don't know what happened.
But you know how they have,
your apples are in a paper bag with a paper handle,
like one strap paper handle on the top?
Yes, yes.
I just start swinging the bag around in a circle
to show that the apples can stay in the bag.
You know, and of course, at the perfect moment,
the apples, the handle breaks in the bag
and my perfect apples fly all over the ground.
They hit some other people in line.
They roll all over the dirt.
And my, oh yeah, that was after I told everybody
to watch this, and my friends are so embarrassed for me
that they didn't really say anything,
and I didn't know what else to say,
so I went and just sheepishly picked up the apples.
I thought to myself, Scott, what is wrong with you?
Yeah, yeah, you were being a cooke, right?
I didn't, yeah, I hadn't done cookey behavior like that
a long time and it just sort of just snapped.
I couldn't resist.
It happens though.
It happened to you.
You wanted everybody to look at you.
I guess, I guess, I guess I did.
Yeah, I don't know if I wanted to impress this girl
or if I wanted to show my friends that I'm the same crazy guy
that used to know or, I don't know.
I learned my lesson.
And when I think of it once in a while
because something comes up where I think to myself,
hey, I could do this right now.
and i think back to that moment
i think i don't want to i don't want that to happen again
good for you scott you're learning you're you're learning you're working on
i'm working on it
thanks for
thanks a lot
fm you you're on the air
hello
oh hi
uh... okay
so my moment when okay
who is this
okay this is kyla
kyla from
from portland or again
okay sorry i'm just really excited to talk to you
who's there back or what do you know a little party
uh... now it's my roommate and my friend
uh... but
my moment
okay like
when throughout the day you think you have nothing to do and then as soon as
you go to bed
you remember that you have to do laundry
or they have to organize something or you have a paper to the next day yes
that's like oh my god
what's wrong with me
just the fact that you you you're not structuring your day correctly
exactly where the stuff is haunting you at night
mmm
all right cala thank you
don't trust that call
fm you you're on the air
uh... hate them
hey who's this
uh... ten from uh...
a little bit
yeah i'm all kind of calling in for the uh... topic
okay uh... what can i do for you tonight uh...
Yeah, well, you know how Scott said, it was kind of awkward with the apples.
Oh, well, what are you, George F. Will?
Okay, I feel like I'm talking to William F. Buckley.
Nah.
Let me tell you, uh, you know what, uh, I think you're, uh, doing a fake, uh,
voice, uh, heave, uh, hoe, uh, little creeper.
He had that sound like the young, like a young man doing like an adult's voice.
Oh, hey, uh, it's, uh, I'm calling from Elizabeth, uh, like, he, he just sounded like a, it sounded like a, it sounded like a kid dressing up like William F. Buckley for Halloween.
F. M. U. You're on the air.
Hey, Thomas, go on out.
Not a whole lot.
Who's this?
This is Ron from Boston.
Ron from Boston.
I like this call.
All this guy sounds, sounds together, sounds focused, just trying to get to the point.
What's up Ron?
Yeah, we're going to do some business here.
Okay, what can I do for you?
All right, so I'm going to ask you a few questions, but it's all, it's all to, in service of
your question here.
In service of the topic?
Of the topic, that's right.
All right, well, what do you got?
I don't like this.
You don't like it?
So bang let's do it guys doing his own show
That's doing his own show
Dummy from Boston what a shocker that guy was from Boston
The dimwit
Good one Mike let that guy through what did he say when you called he didn't do that
Yeah. FMU you're on the air. Hey, am I on the air? Yes, you are. Hey, it's Erin from
Portland, Maine. How are you, Erin? I'm good. And I had this, what are you thinking moment?
It's kind of a perpetual moment because I tell these black and white bumper stickers
on my car and I take a lot of time and consideration in my bumper sticker choice
and I come up behind a lot of cars that they put really lame stickers on their
car and they put them like at an angle. I don't understand and so I have moments
where I think like oh maybe I regret that bumper sticker maybe I don't but I
like what kind of bumper sticker give me an example. Well I have your bumper
stick on my car and you regret it
no no that's not what i regret
though give me one example of when you regret
well i have one that says uh...
toilet mouth
that i really shouldn't mean
all right here we go
If only I had 800 more H-man updates, I would do that for the rest of the show.
I'm getting this email.
I got a smashed trash coming up at 10.30, getting the thing from the guy in the band.
Oh, this song has the song I told you to play as a curse in it.
You don't even know what lyrics your own band has?
Do you even know the guy in your band you don't know if he's cursing in songs?
What are you doing in the band?
What are you playing, kungas?
You're laying out in the back?
You're not half paying attention?
FMU, you're on the air.
Good evening, Tom.
This is Jim from Stony Point, New York.
How are you tonight, Jim?
I'm doing very well.
I was a former motor mouth, current corporal in the best show world domination, I like it.
What can I do for you, young man?
Well, I just kind of have a meta comment on the program tonight.
I think it's further evidence to the quote-unquote civilized call-in show that this is really the call-in show for civility.
I am promoting civility here.
I mean, here you are, you're teaching people time management and, you know, helping folks
cope with urges to act out, and you got to deal with these clowns, faking, you know,
the O'Gorsey accents calling your program.
Thank you.
Thank you.
It was, I think I was an insult.
Anybody in Elizabeth should be horrified tonight to hear that little twerp pretending
to be from from their fair uh...
from their their fair city
well i don't want to uh...
take up too much your time i just uh... you know
call from the ninety point one
one of the uh... you know put in my two cents it is appreciated you were a
class act young man i thank you for the call thank you so much
by the way
people of this uh... shut up weirdo thing they do their show on friday
If a frangry or Andy Cohen want to call up and say, hey, we're on the schedule now.
We're here to say hi.
201-209-9368, that's the number.
I'm not going to bother these people beyond that though.
Beyond, I don't care.
Let them do whatever they want.
That's their time slot, this is my time slot.
Nobody listen here, bug them.
I already booted a Julie for a month.
Got booted for, I'll boot ya.
You bother them, I'll boot ya.
Oh, here Mike out there doing that.
It might sound like Mike's ready to jump off a roof.
He's having to explain everything tonight, these people.
I almost wish there was a debate again tonight.
at least it kind of
we did things out
fm you you're on the air
hi com
who's this
this is not in virginia
how are you tonight matt
i'm doing great on how are you doing doing all right
why uh... i had one for the topic
the topic being
all
matt
what was i thinking
exactly
go ahead now let's hear it
My last semester at college, I had this great professor.
Kind of everybody wants to impress.
And after our final presentations this semester,
he took his class off the drink, so it was think of a mile.
And we sit down and he says, hey, guys,
if you're going to be around in town this next Friday,
you've got to get out and see one of the people that
made rock and roll.
And a lot of times I'm just kind of,
I gotta be the middle of it all.
Gotta be the guy to chime in first.
And I don't know why this is what came out of my mouth,
but I said, Al Jolson.
And the answer was Chuck Berry.
But you were you being funny?
No, I don't know where that name came from.
Hold on a minute.
you thought al jolson was where rock started
not at all i don't know
where the name even
pop in my head
i spoke
before i'd even yet before you in processed it
and i would be mortified before
before my lips closed
yet you just and and you just thought old
right yeah yeah and i'm i'm picking some creep performing in blackface
Did everyone laugh when you said it?
No, everyone looked at me with pity and alarm.
And I thought, Matt, home half, what is wrong with me?
You know what, Matt?
You own it?
You move on from it, though, right?
I'm trying.
It's been 10 years, and it still kills me.
You're doing all right, buddy.
Let it go.
It's not your fault.
It's not your fault.
It's not your fault, Matt.
I'm sorry.
It's not your fault, Matt.
I don't know. Don't you do that.
It's not your fault, Matt.
I take. Stop it.
It's not your fault, Matt.
That's a quality color.
People could learn from Matt.
Mike could learn something from Matt.
Man, Mike was creeping me up big time before the show.
Weird stuff he was talking about.
Weird, I mean just weird.
I don't even know what he's talking about.
We share an elevator ride up to the studio.
Nine seconds long, telling you.
The elevator has to go 12 feet.
This guy said that it felt like telling you I felt like I was in jury duty
Waiting for the door to open
FM you you're on the air
Hey, there's some hi. Who's this? Hey?
I just called and I just wanted to apologize for cursing on your show or for not cursing on your show. I don't know
What's with this?
Are you from Maine? Yes, I'm calling from Maine. We're a little isolated. What's wrong with you?
seriously that how you talk that how you talk no I'm from New York City
originally I moved up here like so many people and something like so many
people yeah all those people making the exodus to Maine heave ho I talked to some
toilet mouth got entertained her I don't care it toilet mouth stories from the
radio this is the most unnatural experience you'll have all week how do
these people ease they forget they're on the radio it's so artificial fm you
you're on the air hey Tom how are you doing I'm doing all right who's this
it's Deb from Portland again how are you Deb I'm good how are you doing all
right excellent well I just call to say that hey you're not putting the 90s
I'm not complaining. I'm just I'm just I'm letting other people you know you
could bet you know could bet you know could bet you know a little bit
kabetch kabetch kabetch kabetch yeah what am I supposed to play the breakfast
club soundtrack behind I'm talking you know you've ho put me under the microscope
How dare you! You're converging a little bit.
Geez.
FMU, you're on the air, murdering the Hebrew language.
Hi Tom, it's Samir and Florida.
Samir from Florida, this is a quality caller.
I already feel things turning around.
And by the way, Samir?
Yeah.
You are a Florida resident?
That's right.
Is Florida going to go the right way this year?
I'm pretty confident it is.
Where is it right now?
What's the number?
I haven't checked lately, but it's considering it's almost always Republican.
I think it's close to, I think it's pretty even at the moment and because housing and
that whole industry is a much bigger deal in Florida than I think a lot of other places
and the downturn in the housing market, I think that's going to influence a lot of
people to vote Obama.
because i'm looking at it on yahoo's map and they're saying it's a fifty
percent uh... for obama forty-five for mccain
even better
but i don't know is this is this like a crisis like some weird map
it's like uh... i think it might be realistic we just um... we just hope
they don't met that up and you know
accidentally lose
thousands of
obama vote you know obama's win in this thing
oh yeah absolutely
john kerry
yeah i don't think there's fifteen people in america
who voted for john carrey
nobody
all my god john carrey so inspiring
i hear him talk and i i feel
like i want to do better
nobody feels like that
every remember him now and i was here for you
this guy almost one
he just needed he just needed to carry ohio and he would have won
therefore it's not ours
but it's like the obama people actually into it
people are actually into it
after saying it somebody who's actually inspiring and
so all obama has to do
carry the states at that at the loo that loser john carry carried
and then when one more
one more
they can do it
maybe maybe uh...
north carolina in new mexico combo
maybe just florida maybe ohio
whatever it whatever you are wants there
you can do it
it's like the mccain campaign doing a lot of his work for him by
you know hilariously imploding a little bit every day
mike was that's one of the other thing
he's lecturing me about how mccain is the man for the job
i can see mike being a mccain fan and this is a weird thing
he was arguing that he would not
he he was saying that mccain was younger than obama
i was like that's not even a little bit true
much like no no
and he's talking about some website he saw that has it listed
he showed me that he was going to show to me i saw loading was taken forever
to load
it was like that website in shattered glass
some weird like a oil website
like a geo cities thing
It's not even a little bit official. Yeah, he claimed it was like CNN. Let's go to CNN site
And he's like at angelfire.com
sled
With all the pop-ups. I got it. Yeah, all these pop-ups. I remember I get a new guy in that chair
It's getting hard. I'm working against him. I feel like a salmon. I feel like a salmon
Do you think that if he won the the election next week for mayor of New Bridge? He'd jump ship and I think he would
Think he would just leave then a hot beak. I might have to I might have to do some old
some old
Joe Kennedy style
pole fixing
Get on my good Mike in there
Florida's the place to do that. Yeah
I get some hanging chads for Mike
Yeah, we're good at we're good at that. So Samir. Help me with tonight's topic. Okay, so
So my, I guess my, what's wrong with me is that I really enjoy watching awful awful comedy
and I don't know why.
So my examples are the films of these guys, Jason Friedberg and Aaron Seltzer, they made
disaster movie and before that Meet the Spartans and before that epic movie, like all these
Where are you seeing these movies?
In a theater?
No, usually on DVD.
I don't watch them straight away.
do you go get your hands like a disaster movies on dvd
yeah that's the thing i and i think that i know it's not going to be good but i
get i just i guess it's some sort of
horrible
glee from just
unfunny and how they don't use jokes and how it's just awful
in inner in their horror in their in their awfulness
they are somehow perfect
exact that's the thing with them and i i felt
terrible after watching me the Spartans because at one point actually said
they've used that joke before
and the fact that i i don't know what was worth that they use
the joke from their previous film or that iraq again you're keeping more
track of this thing than they are
i know and uh... i didn't i didn't feel and feel proud of myself afterwards but
i just know that anytime
i hear that they're going to make a new film i know i'm going to be watching
it at some point and you say to yourself what
I'd say Sameer, what is wrong with you?
Thank you, Sameer.
Quality caller.
FMU, you're on the air.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Tom?
Yes.
This is Fredericks of Newport Ritchie.
And I'm curious about your world domination.
And if there was anything I could do
to assist in perhaps a southern strategy,
where are you calling from?
Newport Ritchie, Florida.
Same place, Shamir is calling for us.
Can I just tell you something?
Yes, sir.
Well, you can't call from
Newport Richie. Yes, I can't and assume no, let me please let me finish and assume everybody knows where that is
That's me from Newport Richie
Well, it's not like Middletown. There's lots of Middletown people say Middletown where but you say Newport Richie
It's got to be Florida Tom
It doesn't
Where's it been for Richie anywhere that has ports right is it a port or a fort?
Port
Okay
Yeah, anyways your recommendation southern strategy. I'm right here just a little bit north of Tampa
And I want to see what I can do to rally the troops and what it what's what's the plan?
You know the sandwich board is yes, I do this is what I want you to do all right make a sandwich board
That says, I love the best show on WFMU, right?
Okay, that's easy.
And then go through Newport Richie, which of course is in Florida.
Who doesn't know that?
I don't know.
Nobody I know.
Yeah, everybody in Newport Richie knows that they're in Florida, right?
Is that what you're saying?
Yeah.
And there's no point where anybody's like, what state are we in again?
again
we do have an elderly population down here i'm sure there's a few people that
happened several times a day and i don't think it's funny heave hoe
guys gonna make fun of our golden uh... are are are golden citizens
these people are are treasure
i treasure them
i treasure the aged
they they are are are are
they are the key to our future
yes i just got an i am from all maras saying that
jucked my chronics was the fake company
from the website in shattered glass
i think uh... all mar and i all mar who does the recap by the way over it
recidivism dot org
and is
an absolute
a guy's a godsend
godsend
he goes he does these recaps of the best show
they are
it's like looking at the status at the statue of david each and every week
when this guy's done with it
these old timers well admittedly
per on personally
i don't want to talk to them
but they are
our treasure
i treasure every and when i say i i mean everybody but me
i treasure every moment with them
the wisdom that they have to impart to us
the fact that they can say
well it's different when i grew up
that word was a everybody said that word
and i will not stand for this guy making sick
sick jokes about old people losing their memory
fm you you're on the air
i'd come
i was this
it's lory from
lorda miami
florida miami in florida right
so i don't know look
new port richy
what is that you've never heard of it
i heard it has a porting and i thought is he talking about port
uh...
St. Lucie or something, which I've driven by a couple times.
No, no poor Richie.
But I've never heard of Newport Richie.
In fact, I spelled it wrong when I Googled it.
Newport Richie.
That goes insane.
Oh, no poor Richie.
Where's that?
I am.
I am.
Everyone knows where I'm at.
Damn it.
Yeah, it's who knows.
Kind of needs to get out once in a while of Newport Richie.
It sounds like a meet-up town.
No, no, it's with you, Richie.
So let me ask you, Lori, have you heard anything
about this John McCain, his new financial plan?
Oh, he's going to buy up all the houses?
I heard he was going to do that, but I heard he was also
opening, he was going to open a federal Christmas club.
What?
He said he was going to take, first he said he was going
to take all of America's money and put it in a plan.
by everyone uh... certificate the same club sparky was gonna buy is
first was taking all america's money's putting it in a past book
right
and then he's gonna go to the bank and open a christmas club
account
put a billion dollars in a week
for the christmas club
that way at the end at the end in december everybody's got a lot of money
also they can take the money out
everybody can buy some nice presents and then
he's going to send everybody on their birthday a cheque for five dollars
it's not just like me grandma to political humor
yet bill momma bill mar is it more or more
i don't know
can you imagine seeing that movie religious
my dad call some bill may are
and i don't know why look at that i heard that guy
i don't know why i heard it
i heard him on i miss this morning
that was like
uh...
that that's a real meeting of the mind there exactly these two guys patty
each other on the back
that movie religious i couldn't imagine seeing this guy they're real
rebel
and they should just stories uh... don't nobody realizes
that these religious these are just stories
that they're told to keep people in line
You know what, I had this argument too when I was 16 and you know, I was being
rebellious having those in people's faces. Hey man, the Bible is just a
bunch of stories told to keep people in line. This guy's got to get over himself.
Yeah, for real. It's getting kind of old.
Get that weird. This guy's gonna judge everybody else. He's got to do something
about that giant potato in the middle of his face. Or, you know, stop hanging out
at the Playboy Mansion and trying to, you know, get with girls half his age.
It's a little creepy.
Exactly.
It's a creep.
So, what can I do for you tonight, Laurie?
Yeah, well, so actually my contribution to the topic is sort of politically tinged,
well, sort of extremely.
So I spent like, I guess an hour and a half watching these clips on YouTube of the McCain
in Palin mob, you know, so like I guess these YouTube people, these bloggers and stuff
would go to these McCain-Palin rallies and you know, as the people while they're standing
in line questions.
And there is this one great one where there was a line of people waiting to go in in here.
I guess there was McCain talk or Palin, I don't know, one or the other.
And there's a line of people holding Obama's sides and stuff on the other side, on the
sidewalk opposite.
And these people that, when they came to Kail and Mob were just so riled up, there was
this old fossil.
He was a fossil, okay?
He actually called them commie, and I'm not going to say the second one, but it was a
homophobic slur.
Yeah, yeah.
That's great.
And I don't know why I kept watching one after I took on me, I didn't know whether to be angry or sad.
I was like somewhere in between and it was just the.
And you know I've been doing like phone banking and stuff for the Obama campaign.
I'm lucky I haven't come across one person who tried to tell me that Obama was a terrorist
Although I do have a neighbor who went on about how he's like friends with the antique
Christ or something.
What kind of neighbor do you have?
Some crazy seven day Adventist from I don't know.
Can't get your father to take that guy, get rid of that guy?
No, she's a woman.
That lady, can't get dad to Daudie, get him out of the building.
Is this the help?
no it's not the help but in fact it's a really like I mean I would stop and talk
there I guess he has a great Jasmine tree in front of her friend here but I
don't know she's a little nut and makes me scared oh Laurie so you so you
So you watching these clips, and you say the fact that you fleshed your afternoon, wasting
your time watching these wackos.
And it was only just going to make me angry or sad, and it wasn't helping.
I could have spent that time, you know, phone banking or whatever.
Frankly, and you said to yourself, what?
Oh, Lori, what am I going to do with myself?
Thank you, Lori.
FMU you're on the air. Hey Tom, how are you doing?
Doing alright, who's this? It's Deb from...
FMU you're on the air. Enough calls tonight Deb, we get it.
You got nothing to do in Portland? Nothing to do? Go to the Poison Idea Museum.
You want something to do. FMU you're on the air.
Hi Tom. Hi, who's this? Hi, this is Matt in Maspeth.
Matt in Maspeth? Yes.
Yes, that would be in Queens.
Yes, how are things tonight in Queens?
Fine.
Tiny, call me for this time of year.
Otherwise, okay.
Couldn't just say Queens, huh?
To Queens.
What do you think I'm trying to deliver your pizza?
You got to tell me what neighborhood you live in?
Well, that's what it says on the bills, so I figure, you know.
Fair enough.
Go ahead, Matt.
Do you have something for the topic?
Yes, I do.
I don't think I'm going to top the guy who thought Al Jolson invented rock and roll, but
I think it's spiritually similar.
A couple of years ago, I was getting breakfast at a deli and just getting a bagel and a coffee
or whatever and getting my money, I get my change and after I get my change, I noticed
that I say, cool, thanks and get a little weird look from the person behind the cash
register, and I just kind of realized, wait, did it, did it say cool? Like cool? Thanks
for my change that is mine anyway. And also, what was even worse is that while I, you know,
realized that I've just said this, I sort of have this momento moment where I realized
I think I've been saying this for a while. And I think that that get the sort of retroactive
memory that I have been saying cool thanks to people who've been giving me
change for a while and I have no idea for how long but it's obviously really
really stupid yeah that you're you're you're you're adding this thing is like
these people don't think it's cool yeah like yeah the way that you gave me the
money that is mine anyway you know that I'm owed after this transaction cool
you know that that was really cool the way that you you know you handed me
that quarter in like three pennies
well you know what a you learn your lesson and you said to yourself what
i said all what is wrong with me
said oh matt
come on
fm you you're on the air i can't think i can't play along
hey Tom hey who's this it's calling in los angeles
calling the los angeles well what can i do for you that column
Uh, well, I have one for the topic.
Well, I actually have two for the topic, but I'm not sure which one I should say.
All right.
Because one makes me sound crazy, and the other one is just sort of kooky.
You pick.
All right.
All right, I'll go for the all the way.
I'll tell you the one that makes me sound crazy.
All right.
So sometimes I get, like, legitimately worried that people are reading my mind.
but i know that it's crazy
and that's why i think what's wrong with
i'll be thinking something
weird or like embarrassing
uh...
uh...
stupid song in my head and then i get really worried that there's somebody
listening in and judging me based on my thought
and then i'd i'd get even more scared because i'm thinking that people are
reading my thought
uh...
that's why that
It makes me sound crazy.
No, no, no, that doesn't make you sound crazy.
This doesn't make you sound crazy at all.
I'm not crazy because I know that it's crazy, right?
You're doing great, buddy.
I'm sorry.
You have a great night.
Thank you.
Oh, boy.
I can never go to Los Angeles now.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, Tom.
It's Frank from We Haulking again.
What do I do for you, young man?
Something for the topic tonight.
let's hear it
uh... i never would give money to the homeless or anything when i would see
them in the street and then uh...
like what i said really working in the city i i saw the one one day the guys in
the sun if you see them with the big
gallon things of water
they're like the empty jugs you put the money in the top
they're always out there the same goes to like
a good organization and stuff
i got a moment of weakness
and i thought i put a buck in there like in change that i had and i kept
walking
it was just one of you
i'm coming back uh... you know a good day later i see the same person
talking on the cell phone
with the u-samish
with the thing upside down that the big jugs are down dumping out all the
change into their pocket and just
you know make it off with it my money wasn't going on anything but to their
cell phone bill and
that's right i said frank what what's wrong with me given money the homeless
it's a lesson i learned
now you gave money to the wrong homeless guy
and i guess so
just be it just uh...
uh... they may be given to a homeless charity then
and i think often do it like an organization that someone outside the street
if i have to make a donation
sounds like you do it sounds like you do not have the uh...
homeless door
the ability to detect a homeless guy
oh yeah like a homeless breeder yeah no it was definitely not uh... yeah i got
to invest in when i think if i ever want to
feel like giving again maybe this holiday season
you don't have yet
you hear your heart's in the right place
but what was the guy was you sure the guy wasn't uh...
like some with some college student like one of those guys
i don't know if it's closer pretty scraggly
so i mean that was sort of my giveaway
and like it was ripped jeans in the middle of like the winter and stuff which
You know, even a college kid isn't going to be wearing around, like sweats or something.
Well, go to a charity next time, Frank.
Yep, definitely.
Have a good night.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, Tom.
Hey, Frank.
Why'd you just, you're calling right back?
What's going on?
I just hung up on you.
Hey, this is Frank.
Who is this?
This is Sarah, my new Brunswick.
Who?
Sarah.
Sarah.
Yeah.
In New Brunswick.
Yeah.
Okay, well, what are you calling from rotary phone from the 50s though?
It sounds like I wish I had a rotary phone those were fun. Remember you turned you to reach out
I don't remember. No, I don't because I'm not 80 years old
I'm not 80 years old
All right, well, what can I do for you serum? I got something for the topic. Yeah, what is it Jay? I?
Sick of those dirty rats
It's those it's those I'm a real crazy guy. See I got to tell you these dirty rats are driving me nuts. See if I got this girl
He's back at his level track scene. I don't know what to do with it because there's no train is coming. See
That is not my problem
Yeah, well, what do you got sir? I'm serious. I couldn't convince you to go to the DC sniper show this week
Well, that's right. Did you go I was there man? You were there? Yes. How great were they? It was great. Amazing. I
I was I would add four seats. You had four seats. Yeah, I was just stuck in the nosebleeds
I only I could only afford, you know, shell out like 55 bucks, but to take a mat to charge. Yeah, say hey, you know
Darnie Ratch
No, it's maybe I was a real scoundrel. Say a real classic. Is this Mickey Dones?
This are you got me?
You dirty Ratch. You're the guy who killed my brother
But you were really there.
Look, girl.
That'd be Joan.
Sorry.
I was there.
I was way in the back.
They were amazing.
They were amazing.
They were.
Great band.
Did you get the new album?
Yes.
I got a leak of it.
You got the download thing.
Man, they took care of me.
They've got it.
That's good.
It is good.
I think it's going to be like in real form.
Yes.
It will be.
It'll be on vinyl and on compact disc. Hopefully you can check. So I haven't gotten the vinyl thing as a compact
I don't know about that. I got my working on the cassette. Okay. Now you're off on your own
Now you're off on your own little bird little bird you went too far from the nest little bird
Stay with a stay with big bird little bird
You went too far from the nest little bird
Fly with me you flew you flew your own way little bird
Now you're lost just got heave hoeed little bird FM you're on the air hey
Tom this is John junk how are you John I almost hung up on you for the way you
said hey I actually I could hear I could hear that about to I could feel that
about to happen as I was saying it how are you tonight John good this shows
really good tonight oh thank you yeah I got something for the topic let's hear
Um, okay, so I was walking down the street and I saw some friends of mine who were in
a band and I played with their band once and they're, it's like a funny band but it's
not a band that you're going to go see every time they play, because it's chemical people.
They're like super weird, you know?
So anyway, but they're nice guys but they're like characters, you know, so anyway, I guess
I wasn't really ready to talk to them like I just didn't have any coffee. I wasn't up
to snuff. But anyway, we were having a conversation that went pretty normal and then right towards
the end, I knew they had just played a show, but I didn't go to it, you know. So the one
guy said, so we just played a show last night. And then this is what I, my face made a lot
weird expressions and my voice went like oh how was it and and uh and they
started cracking up laughing at me and basically making fun of me because I
just made everybody extremely uncomfortable because all of a sudden I
just cracked and made the weirdest sound and face possible because I was
trying to kind of be like I don't even know what happened I just melted just
came out wrong and there you couldn't recover from yeah exactly and and they
just they're laughing at me for 30 seconds and I was just like what's wrong
with me you said no no what did you say you said oh John I said do I said oh John
what's wrong with you there you go thank you John no problem town
bump my ear into the mic see this thing about Ringo star by the way the
phone number 201-209-9368. There's something, let me find the thing about Ringo Star. Ringo
Star, as if people know, one of the Beatles. Ringo Star Band's fan mail. Ringo Star doesn't
want to hear from you. If you do write, your letter will end up in the trash.
That's the message from Richard Starkey, aka Ringo Starr. After 45 years of stardom,
he doesn't want to spend any more time answering mail or sending signed photographs back to
fans. The fan fatigue led the former Beatles drummer to post a sometimes angry sounding
short video clip on his website telling fans any mail sent him after October 20th will
not be read or answered.
Have you seen this video?
I got to see this video.
Let me try to find this video.
Ringo Star, who cares, look.
I love Ringo Starr.
He's great.
Now I gotta put up with this guy
who is even writing to him.
Oh, I don't know what's going on here.
Mike, honestly, Mike is doing his own show out there.
I have no idea, let me see, RingoStar on a graph, no.
If I had a thing here, I would do like a parry,
like, I once I know what a graph's,
because I've, wouldn't that be great if I did?
Is this not on YouTube?
Does RingoStar melt down?
And let me type in RingoStar insane.
No, Ring of Star, Male, Fans, Fans, FMU, you're on the air.
Hello?
Hello?
Can I talk to Tom?
Can you talk to Tom? Yes, this is Tom.
Tom, this is Karen.
Who?
Kevin.
Kevin.
No.
I'm a girl.
I'm Kevin.
Okay.
I'm calm because I want to talk to you about the volcano suns because they're like
mission of Burma and the volcano suns, I saw a merge you can put them out on in January.
Yes.
Yeah.
The records are coming out in January, the first two albums.
Yeah, no.
is my favorite
right on your is your favorite
my favorite is actually all night lotus party
no no time you know it's talking about
don't know if the but the better and she's a better one
but i want to talk to you because i like volcano sun
and i want to tell you i'm h i would positive
but but i don't blame for it
my cocktails work with me the good
wait what what what what it
what is this mike
my name is karen
all right well karen i'm very sorry about your situation
i don't blame them for it
i i think that's good great i'm glad you don't
well but i wanted to tell you because i heard you got them
what's the other one with the gary and they got them back together
I wouldn't you get them back together, Tom?
I'm gonna try.
You have a good night, Karen.
Thanks.
Okay.
We got this Ringo Star thing here.
Let's bring this up.
Let's see if this works.
No, that didn't do it.
No, how about this?
No audio?
Come on.
Oh, I know what it is.
There it is.
Please.
Here it is.
This is a serious message to everybody watching my update right now.
Right now, peace and love, peace and love.
I want to tell you, please, after the 20th of October, do not send fan mail to any address
that you have.
Nothing will be signed after the 20th of October.
If that has a date on the envelope, it's going to be tossed.
I'm warning you with peace and love, but I have too much to do, so no more fan mail.
Thank you, thank you.
No objects to be signed, nothing.
Anyway, peace of love, peace of love.
Peace and love.
Look, he kinda doesn't wanna sign autographs.
That's his prerogative.
But in all seriousness, what's he so busy with?
Doing one of those tours?
Probably too busy moving out albums in his garage
that haven't sold.
copies of stop and smell the roses
probably got it's got skids of those things
tying up his mansion
please no more stuff
no more stuff with peace and love
yeah a lot of peace and love there
who wants a signature anyway
this way
here's something mike let me ask you something
if
ringo star
was the only deceased beetle, right?
If John was alive, Paul was alive, and George was alive.
Would the beetles have gotten back together?
I say yes.
I say they would have done a thing.
They would have done a little tribute to Ringo.
This one's for Ringo.
We miss you, buddy.
Think about it.
They would have done that thing in a heartbeat.
of Jim Keltner back there. These guys would have sung with a little help from my friends.
And then the forgotten about Ringo is if he never happened. Ringo. This guy's name came
after the word and. And the Beatles. That's how low on the totem pole he is. And beat
him out.
Just got a and I am from Paul of Tomkins coming to Ringo's defense.
He says Ringo has some sort of OCD where if you send him things, he has to sign them.
It's like the Leprechaun when you throw shoes at him.
Look, I'm a Ringo fan.
Would anybody even notice if he just stopped signing stuff?
Who sends stuff thinking they're going to get it signed?
Isn't it just assume that that's like a shot in the dark?
It's going to get tossed.
No stuff. No merchandise for me to sign. Who's sending them? Who's sending merchandise?
Okay, I got this ticket stub from the 65 tour. What address should I send this to?
Let's see, Ringo Star Fan Club making people mailing anything of value to this guy.
Let's start saying, you know what I would do now?
I'd send everything I could get my hands on before October 20th.
I might do that.
I might send 10,000 envelopes now just as long as they're dated before October 20th.
Apparently, that's the deal he just made.
He will sign it if he gets it before October 20th.
How dare you?
This is loud mouth.
Please, no more.
I've got too much to do.
There's a new Panera Bread just opened up down the street.
I'd like to sit and do.
They have free internet there.
Peace and love.
I'm throwing that around the creep
They replaced him on a tour too. They did a tour he had like a appendicitis
But let's just plug the different guy in there. They did like they did like a whole tour without him
They didn't care nobody noticed
They could do these Ringo star all-star shows without him at this point. Yeah Ringo's not here tonight
but we got a Howard Jones and the
And and the the guy from Kaja goo goo I
Saw one of those shows
That's all like the best one I think I saw the first one and it was like
They should have just called it Ringo star and his
His musical driftwood. It's like Joe Walsh dr. John
This is like a parade of washups like Mark Farner from was he in Three Dog Night Grand
Funk Railroad.
I'm at this I'm watching this thing it's like at the first moment it starts off it's like
bono now now bono now now now it's like oh my god it's a beetle.
It don't come easy it's like oh this is the greatest thing I ever saw I can't believe
It's a lot it's a beetle in front of me then all of a sudden. It's like 15 minutes in. I'm watching Dr. John
This is the wall responding keyboard
Bill must have been the right place
It may have been the wrong time
It might have been the right place. Yeah, I was in the wrong place that Ringo stars show
and then the lineup on future tours was like I'm serious it was like Sheila E so
I'm gonna see his beetle here and I'm listening to Sheila E like everybody had
to get their little showcase how were Jones did it? Holy moly this is the best
this guy could come up with I think he had the half I think he had a slim Jim
phantom from the stray cats one year
never heard from uh... never heard from shut up we're you know what
more power to
they want to call up that's fine
figured they could just call up go
we're here
but i'm telling you seriously
layoff of people bother the show
they're trying hard to do a show
it's hard
is people bullies
these bullies corner
fm you you're on the air
is that me
yes it's you
a different patrick in bushwick
how are you patrick
i'm doing okay how are you
doing all right
good to hear
i was thinking uh...
pretty funny that
We're to assume that Ringo Starr has been answering his own fan mail for the last four
to year.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I think what it really means is he doesn't want to pay someone to answer his fan mail
anymore.
I think it just means he's losing his marbles.
That's quite possible as well.
Sick of all this bloody fan mail.
Get it away from?
I can't.
is sitting down once a week to sign how much males is getting
people sitting in drum head
fine so you signed it
big deal
thanks buddy
fm you're on the air
it's on what's up with the mike from summit
mike from summit oh seven nine oh one what's up there you go
i'm just uh...
this ridiculous this ring of thing i'm really uh...
i'm really upset i thought he was you know good-natured
fella
and then then this drops on me
i don't know yeah i've said i thought that uh... the dot
the gordon state art center
yet in the bank art center that's why i saw and his the lineup was up the guy
from average white band
the guy who sang dream weaver i don't remember every right
yes
uh... just a forgettable i mean it got worse and worse from
from year to year i mean
joe wash
like a you know
and you're down to the guy from average white band
i heard he came out
i heard he can he comes out at the end he's like doing it don't come easy and
then all sudden
during it he just goes like
it's like
it don't call me like
got this thing that got the pay of dues if you want to sing the blues and
you know it don't come easy no refunds from this point on
you don't have to go down all over you can uh...
he eats it you know you cut it to you a little bit frozen like you know
to to beetle songs
and then you hear you know she lee
drum soloing for ten minutes
or whatever it's just
that's it's i don't know
i gotta check this line about i gotta see if
it has to be uh... online somebody has to have the ring of star all-star band
line i was i was looking at trying to find it year to year
I said 1990 and then 2008 was just an abomination.
Yeah, I don't know.
Didn't you look drunk to you on that video?
Yeah, I'm not gonna say look drunk.
Looked insane.
He looked insane.
You know what?
Gotta wanna sign autographs.
That's fine.
Okay, here I found the lineup.
The first lineup was this.
Here's the first lineup.
Okay.
Let's chart the downfall of this thing.
Here we go.
First all star lineup at 89.
Ringo Starr, Joe Walsh.
Nils Loffgren, Dr. John, Billy Preston, Rick Danko,
Lee Von Helm, Jim Keltner, and Clarence Clemens.
OK.
Bad already.
That's bad, but that's as good as it ever got.
That's the top.
That's the best.
Three years later, Ringo Starr, Joe Walsh, Nils Loffgren,
Todd Rungren, Dave Edmonds, Burton Cummings
from What was Burton Cummings in?
Oh.
Bachmann Turner overdrive.
Oh, yes.
pimothy be schmitt from the eagles
and then his son zach starky
that's that's a almost a tie with the first line still a little worse than
ninety-five
ringo star
randy bachman
mark farner
billy presston
phillics cavalry
john and whistle so i got to sit there watch his guide you bore us a spider
I'm going to see the quiet one everybody knows I'm the quiet one awful bad bad
then 97 98 Ringo star Peter Frampton Gary Brooker Jack Bruce Simon Kirk from
Bad Company so he went with a lean in mean line up that year then man there's
They're where's the where are the really bad ones here. We okay?
2001
Ringo star Roger Hodgson from Super Tramp
Ian Hunter Howard Jones Greg Lake and Sheila E
What are you supposed to get that?
Watch this it don't come easy back off Boogaloo. Goodbye stranger the glamorous life
No one is to blame a carnival nine
line
here all the way to Memphis
like what am I getting from this show
and you think it couldn't get worse and then the year
two years later you have Hamish Stewart
the lead singer and bassist and average white band
yeah those two things really squire Colin Hay
look at this line in 2003 Ringo Starr Colin Hay Paul Carrick
John Waite
Sheila E
man
oh brother
and you know ringo he comes he comes out
you know the first two songs i think the last couple songs and then he has
these guys do
you know three or four songs in the middle comes out
throw up the piece of love sign and uh...
and that's it you know thanks for coming
piece love and no refunds
and i love how he peppered that in there
piece of love no fan mail piece of love
thank you buddy
all right
fm you you're on the air
Hey, who's this?
This is cotton in media.
Cotton, how are you tonight, Cotton?
I'm quite all right, how are you this evening?
Doing okay.
Excellent.
So, am I to understand Ringo Starr doesn't even
drum on these tours?
No, he drums for a little bit.
Oh, okay, so it's not just him singing.
No, no, he drums and then moves up front.
Oh, okay, okay, okay.
I just heard that in the previous call and I was thinking
that's kind of a travesty if you're just paying to hear his voice.
Yeah.
Thanks, Cotton.
I did, right, Mike, you're right, Mike.
I did not cotton with that call from Cotton.
Next week, Superstar in the studio.
Superstar alert.
Brant, Brant, Brant,
Paul of Tompkins, live in studio.
Paul of Tompkins, the new host of Best Week Ever,
Which is expanding to, I believe, a one-hour format? Is that correct?
I believe so. He's the host now.
Finally, the vehicle
he was born to have. This guy holding it down.
It's the funniest guy going, Paul of Tompkins. Nobody's better. Now, every week you're
going to get an
hour of this guy on television. I can't wait.
I can't wait. But next week he's going to be in the studio talking all about it.
next month. John Hodgman in the studio you knew that is Mike.
He's the PC from the Mac PC commercials.
On the daily show.
He writes funny books. He's got a funny book coming out.
I'm looking forward to reading. His last book was great areas of my expertise.
He's got a new one coming out I think this month. It's still a half hour.
What?
I just got an eye on update.
The show's still half hour.
I'm going to need to get a VH1 address.
We're going to have to write them.
Attention Ringo Star fans.
Here's where you should start writing.
VH1, start sending your, here's what I say.
Send your Ringo Star pictures to Paul F. Tomkins.
Get him to start signing autobedals merchandise.
came to sign an original yellow submarine
did i ever tell you about that at the time i was with the band uh... pop a
roach mike
you know that band
starts off like this i guess it is a way to say
it's easy to make fun of people doing uh... a crummy jobs you know like people
need work. They do something that maybe is beneath them. Easiest thing in the
world is to make fun of, to kind of zing people for the fact they're doing
something that's a little, a little beneath their station.
You got to put food on the table in life.
It just goes for the slobs.
Snobs need not apply on this one.
The snobs don't have to worry about stuff like that.
And before I had my job, my current job, over at the Consolidated Cardboard, I was doing
a lot of freelance writing, and I would write anything I could get my hands on.
job I could get any assignment I took it for like four years I was doing this and I honestly
don't think I said no to a job once in those four years. I'm talking about magazine work,
commercials, anything, anything I could write yes I'll do it. People would say hey would
you write I would say yes and then now tell me what it is I will write it. So I was writing
for this basketball magazine and they call me they say hey will you go do this
job and again like I just said I said yes now tell me tell me what it is so
here's what the job was they wanted an article written on an event that was
going to take place over Chelsea Piers. Jim Beam, you know Jim Beam, the alcohol, they
were sponsoring, they had sponsored a contest, were the winner of the contest, and I'm not
making this up. The winner of this contest got to bring three of his or her friends
to New York City to play basketball against Papa Roach. I am not lying. I know this sounds
insane. This is as true as can be. I did this. This is kind of right, Papa Roach at
that point, they had put out their big album and they had yet to put out the one after
that that bombed
that no one wanted
now i know you're probably asking yourself right now tom you just said the contest
was the winner
and three of their friends playing the quartet
that is pop a roach is only four guys in pop a roach you know jacobie
shatix jeremy horton
Tobin Esperance and Antonio Palermo.
Although at that point I think Dave Buckner
was their drummer.
But neither here nor there, that's four guys.
Basketball is five on five.
And you're right to say that.
Basketball is five on five.
So this is what the brain trust that Jim Beam did.
They brought in two Harlem Globetrotters to fill out the team, one Harlem Globetrotter
on each team.
So I show up at these Chelsea Peers Outdoor Courts, I think it was the spring, it was still
not warm out yet, still kind of chilly if I remember correctly.
And it slowly dawns on me that I am the only person even remotely resembling the press
at this thing.
I'm the only one.
And these Jim Beam flax, the press people for Jim Beam find me, they're all over me.
Oh, it's a very exciting event.
Oh, it's very great.
The guys from Papa Rocha are just setting up over there, they're just changing over
there into their Jim Beam basketball outfits.
I'm watching these guys in the papa roach changing
into these basketball jerseys,
which only made them look so dumpy.
These fat guys with tattoos, all short.
Guys, I don't think anybody was over a five four
in papa roach.
They're all kind of built like a fire hydrants
putting on these basketball tops
Let's say these sleeveless basketball tops that say,
Jim Beam on the back, their tattooed arms coming out,
their guts sticking out.
So I look over there, the Fatsos in Papa Roach,
this is before the game starts.
They're loading up on shrimp, if I remember correctly,
because there's food everywhere at this thing.
There's food, and of course, Jim Beam.
And what goes better than seafood and hard liquor
before you go play full court basketball?
I can't think of anything.
Sounds like a perfect plan.
Let's all get hammered and eat seafood
that's sitting out in the sun and then go run
and play a sport none of us are any good at.
Then I see the contest winner and his three friends
And it's like, he's not exactly Michael Phelps looking at.
These are not exactly Olympic athletes.
They're there.
This guy had himself and his wife was the first person
to pick, then two of his buddies.
that's what I'm going to do.
So they're all there.
So that's the four fatzos from Papa Roach.
These four people from the Midwest who were again were not
exactly chiseled.
And these two guys from the Harlem Globetrotters who looked
like they wanted to jump into the Hudson.
And drowned.
Everybody's wearing their awesome Jim Beam basketball jerseys.
They're out on the floor.
And at this point, I'm completely embarrassed.
I'm the only press person.
And they're all looking at me as if I'm going to...
This is going to be on the front page of the New York Times.
Jim Beam event...
Or the other thing.
The Jim Beam person kept saying,
You're going to get Jim Beam into the article, of course, right?
It's for Jim Beam.
You mentioned that it was a Jim Beam event.
Jim Beam, Jim Beam, Jim Beam.
It's business of kids basketball magazine.
I'm going there knowing, right from the get-go, Jim Beam is not going to be within a hundred feet of this article.
The name Jim Beam is not going to be in this article in any way, shape, or form.
Somebody should have told these Jim Beam people, but they're all asking me about like brand coverage and all this stuff.
It's insane.
So the game starts.
And now it's readily apparent that no one on the floor, except for the two Harlem Globetrotters, have any idea how to play basketball.
basketball. And it's a game they play in a 15 hundred. Nobody could make a basket. And
at a point you look around all the Jim Beam people, they don't want to be there either.
No one wants to be here. Everyone at this event wishes they were somewhere else. The
guys in Papa Roach don't want to be there. These four contest winners would rather be
check in New York out, not actually forced to play basketball, these two guys in the
Harlem Globetrotters definitely don't want to be there.
None of the press people want it.
This was a Sunday.
No one wants to be here.
But we're all here watching these people struggle to score 15 points and at a point I think
everybody was just wishing that these Harlem Globetrotters guys would just start scoring.
these guys are passing the ball they're trying to make it inclusive
like yeah they'll take they'll take the ball
they'll take the ball they'll pass it they're passing this guy
who tries to put up a layup and misses the entire backboard
oh just start scoring Harlem Globetrotters please end this
Watching these tubs in Papa Roach trying to score.
These guys have no interest in basketball.
And finally, this game ends.
Finally, it ends.
And now, I've got to go to interview the guys from Papa Roach.
who are soaking wet with sweat from having done the most strenuous physical activity they've ever
done in their lives running back and forth on a basketball court i've got to go interview these
guys who i can i can't stand also the worst music i've ever heard in my life
to go up to the one guy. Hey, uh, hey, I'm here doing an article on this and I'm embarrassed
now because what am I? Oh, around my neck, I'm wearing a laminate like Jim Beam. There
was no one, there was no one trying to sneak into this thing. Wasn't like, let's see your
Lamy you got clearance no one wanted to get in people want to get out so I got
this thing I go to these these guys in Papa Roach I'm talking hey can I talk
to you about the this event sure dude
on the and then I got one of the greatest answers I've ever gotten to
anything I've ever asked in any capacity in my entire life so why are you doing
this event? Is this a fun thing for you to do? What made you do this event? One guy
goes, Jim Beam, dude! I can still hear it echoing in my head the way, Jim Beam, dude!
So I talked to the, I got a couple quotes from those guys outside of Jim Beam, dude.
I see the Harlem Globetrot. I figure I'll go talk to those guys. I'm looking at
their back. They're getting out of there as fast as possible. They've already
changed out of the dumb Jim Beam jersey. They're just walking out. This isn't it
though. This is not where it ends. The people of Jim Beam created like a Charlie
in the toilet factory endless day
now we move to Madison Square Garden
the mecca
of basketball
where the new york liberty had just played earlier
and i've got to go there
to watch the four contest winners now that the guys in papa roger gone
they've they they hit the highway with what the
the ten grand they probably got to do this stupid thing or whatever they got
and all of jim beam they could drink
but now it's me and the four contest winners
going to Madison Square Garden
to be trained
by Walt Clyde Frasier, New York Knicks legend
basketball drills and I had to sit there for a half hour watching these people
could barely dribble a basketball trying to go between cones with Walt
Frazier as a legend. Game 7 1970 finals, Walt Frazier, everybody talks about
Willis Reed, Walt Frazier is the one who dropped all the points, he's the one who
won the game well Frazier went bananas at game all those points cysts rebound he
wanted this guy's got to stand there and watch these these dummies trying to
dribble a basketball through through cones trying to teach him how to
do defense move from left to right shuffle your feet stay in front of your
defend. These people, now these people want to go home. They're like, well what
did I win a contest or am I in some sort of, some sort of fitness camp? Now all
of a sudden.
Then I have to talk to Walt Clyde Frazier about this event. And he
He thankfully was a complete gentleman and pretended to be interested in this event.
When he was interested in the $15,000, they probably gave him to spend his afternoon at
Madison Square Garden.
And then I got to go, I was on the floor, I got to go on the floor of the garden and
I got to shoot baskets while waiting for this day to end.
Oh, Papa Roach.
Where are they now?
Where are the guys from Papa Roach now?
I don't know if it's going to be
going to be going to be going to
be going to be going to be going
to be going to be going to be
going to be going to be going to
be going to be going to be going
to be going to be going to be
going to be going to be going to
be going to be going to be going
to be going to be going to be
going to be going to be going
to be going to be going to be
going to be going to be going
to be going to be going to be
going to be going to be going to
be going to be going to be going
to be going to be going to be
going to be going to be going to
be going to be going to be
going to be going to be going
to be going to be going to be
miss you Ringo, then all of a sudden, hey Jude, Ringo who? Like everybody just forgets
as the next Beatles hit starts playing. Then it's like this from our new album. Man, how
bad would a new Beatles album have been if that was the configuration? New Beatles, like who
would have produced a new Beatles album, Brendan O'Brien, would have been Jeff Lynn. Jeff
Lynn would have produced the Beatles albums. FMU, you're on the air. Hey Tom. Hey, who's
this. This is Darren calling from Virginia. Darren, you are from what band? I'm from
the band Bucks and Gallants. Bucks and Gallants and you have a new CD now. We do
have a CD out. Just an EP. An EP. I'm going to open it right now. I've not
heard this music. I save it to smash your tray. We are about to do smash your
trash. You were the first band back on smash your trash. Yeah, I'm glad you
brought the segment back. One of my favorites. I have your new CD in my
hands. And I know we've been around and around about the toilet talk and I'm
gonna have a talk with our lead singer because I had to weed out which song
would be appropriate. Apparently you don't even know what what the lyrics to
your own band are. Well he's shouting it's kind of shouting it's
screeching so much and all the times we've been playing together I didn't
really realize the the extent of it. So what song does not actually have a
curse in it? Okay track number four is definitely safe it's called Interesting
Chinese Cigarette. Interesting Chinese cigarette now the name of the band is
is bucks
and
gallons
yet g-a-l-l-a-n-t-f
uh... to tell me about that name
uh... daren
uh... it comes from some book
that the lead singer had read it was about a gang of
rich people in the Edwardian times it sort of went out in the street and
and uh...
savaged uh...
people for their entertainment for their own entertainment is lead singer
sounds like a real prize
yeah he's a real gem
and he causes apparently on every third word in the other tracks i apologize
about that
so tell me
the song interesting chinese cigarette what is that about
i have no idea
i'm sorry
you've no idea but it how would you describe your music which we will hear in
a matter of moments
uh... there's no base
there's a guitar
there's base keyboard which is what i'm playing organ and then there's
melodica and vocals and another keyboard that the singer is playing and then
drums
and it's pretty spastic
and do you want me to uh...
develop the my space
yes please
okay it's my space dot com forward slash hour bucks and gallants or you are
bucks and gallants
that's where people can check out the band bucks and gallants but now
we're about to start to smash your treasure you a little nervous
Well, I've listened for a long time, but I've never called in, so I'm happy to be on the show.
You're starting to sweat a little bit?
A little bit.
You're scared?
Trembling a little bit.
Just so you know, smash or trash. Works like this.
We will play the song.
Then I will open the phones at 201-209-9368, and people will say
Whether it's a smash or whether it's trash.
Smash is good, trash is bad.
The first one to 10 determines whether we have a smash
on our hands or whether we have trash on our hands.
Sounds good.
So let us listen now.
And remember, like George Michael said,
we will listen without prejudice to the band Bucks
and gallants
and their song interesting
chinese cigarette
let's take a listen here
on w f m u i'm gonna pot you down daren
still can't believe uh... shut up we're never called
in fact number four
yes boss
track number four interest in chinese cigarette let's take a listen
To put us on its own side
To find us into its own
I know that I broke down now
But both of them arrested tried to sit around
And we just want us by this lesson
So I saw you
There's a place on you
There's a place on you
We're along my part
And the quarter of year needed it
And that we're always racing
It's a choice of
It's a choice of
What a choice of
Well I'm back and smokin' back and
So I'm back and smokin' back and
I'm back and smokin' back and
So mark in the mark with a market set
And a market set
I'm sorry
By the way adult, you given yourself suffer
Can I, you're Lithium, you feel something
This play in the situation
But I want this money, we can't find it, but it's all the time
It's just like this, it's really short
This is my song, this is my song
This is my song, this is my song
Box and gallons, that's the song we just heard, I'll let it play in the background as we pick
Take it up Darren.
Yes.
Are you excited?
I'm very excited.
I couldn't hear it playing, but I look forward to hearing it on at the MP3.
201, 209, 9368 is a number.
For Smasher Trash, just realize that Darren will be on the line for all these votes.
How would you describe the banned bucks and gallons, Darren?
What's an influence?
Give me an influence.
We all like Brainiac, we all like Perubu, Rucks and the Tunes, um, Ohnida, more, a lot
of keyboard driven stuff.
Alright, let's go to smash a trash 201-209-9368.
FMU, you're on the air.
Oh man, Tom, I knew as soon as I heard this song I had to say trash.
why is it trash? Because I don't like that crunchy sound. I just don't like it.
Fair enough. An inauspicious debut, Darren. Yeah, not so good. One trash. First one to
ten. FMU, you're on the air. I say it's a smash. You say it's a smash? What's your
name? Mary. Mary. Thanks for the call. What do you like about it, Mary? I think it's
fun energetic think it's fun and energetic all right thank you
two oh one two oh nine nine three six eight you had to screen these mike
you're on you can take a break
go go have a cold uh... soda
fm you you're on the air
okay tom
uh... like to go smash smash
why why why do you think it's a smash
uh... those grads my home at his whole time
thank you
fm you you're on the air
trash trash
did you just call
mike is this the same guy
i didn't call before i'm saying i'm calling it now trash
what don't you like about it
uh...
to uh... herky jerky
fair enough thank you jerky's kind of our thing thank you for your call
two and two to smash to trash
FMU you're on the air
I'm gonna have to say trash
Why is that?
I think it's kind of derivative and not that original sounding
Thanks for the call buddy
Two Smash Three Trash
This is not how you envisioned it is it?
I didn't really, honestly I didn't really envision it one way or the other
FMU you're on the air
Yes
Calling about the record
What do you want to say smash or trash?
Trash
Trash
Why's that?
That was like a million other things I've heard, which is trash.
Oh, two smash, four trash.
Tough crowd.
FMU, you're on the air.
I'd say that if it weren't for the lead singer, it would be a smash.
What does that mean?
You're saying trash?
Yeah, same trash.
All right, that's two smash, five trash.
fm you you're on the air
uh... i have smashed smash what do you like about it
i like the uh...
i heard parabola and that that
that's a little bit of fun for example
three smash five-trash two oh one two oh nine nine three six eight
fm you you're on the air
hi i'm gonna say uh... smash smash well why do you say that
well i was on the fence for most of it and then when that guitar thing
happened near the end when it stopped even sounding like a guitar and it just sounded
very metallic, not style metallic, but just an interesting sound, I like that.
Alright, thanks buddy.
Four Smash Five Trash, the gap is narrowing.
FMU, you're on the air, smash a trash.
Trash?
Trash, why is that?
It was just a little too lucky Lucy.
Who's this? Is this Deb from Portland?
Why?
Your vote doesn't count. I said see you next week.
That's not one void.
You dodged a bullet on that one Darren.
Okay.
FMU, you're on the air.
It's a smash?
Yeah.
Why do you think it's a smash?
I like these people.
You like what?
They're keeping boards. They're stopping these people.
Alright, guy likes the keyboards.
Guy thinks it's a smash.
Five smash, five trash.
trash first one to ten could you come back it could be a comeback fm you you're
on the air yeah it's a trash it's trash why's that sounds just like Ringo's new
album fair enough might not be accurate but the accuracy is not a part of
smash a trash Darren acceptable FM you you're on the air FM you you're on the
air hello no FM you you are on the air hi hi is it a smash or is it trash
trash why is that trying a little too hard moves on for a little too long the
vocals are not that good it's probably something I wouldn't really listen to
over and over like really good album food. All right. Five smash seven trash. FM you
you're on the air. Smash smash. Why is it a smash? Because I need to keep practicing
and I want to encourage them.
Fair enough.
Six Smash 7 Trash, 201, 209, 9368, FM you're on the air.
I would, I'd say, Smash.
Smash, why is that?
I always am bad at describing music, but I like the beat of it, I guess.
Fair enough.
Seven smash seven trash are the rest of it's the rest of your band listening tonight Darren
I think some of them are calling in I think some of them trashed it
Seriously, I could be wrong some of those voices sounded familiar
Fm you you're on the air. Yeah, I thought trash trash trash. I'm in the band and I don't even like it
I can't count the thing the guy's trying to be a wise guy in his own band. Yeah, I can't count that
Yeah, no one boy
Fm you you're on the air
uh... hello i don't want to give this one a smash you think it's a smash why
is that uh... i like the keyboard and i agree with the fella who uh...
the tech of the parabu influence
fair and i would uh... wish
that uh... the rest of their stuff was playable on the air
there you go
wait how that guy know that the stuff's not playable on the air
well did i say that i said i'd mention that i will talk a few times but if you
go to my space page you'll hear all the rest of it on center
eight smash seven trash
suddenly you're in the lead
see that coming fm you you're on the air
they are going to have to stay trash trash wise out
was that
i think uh... the song is like two minutes long
says it's two minutes too long suddenly
eight smash
eight trash
i would have made it a one-minute song
It was two minutes too long.
One more vote.
Two more votes either way.
Determines whether it is a smash.
And unfortunately, if it's trash, I have to break it.
Understood.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi there.
I say trash.
You say trash?
Why is that?
I like a little more pop in my music.
And this doesn't cut it.
No, I need a little more hook.
All right.
Thank you.
You're a little nervous, huh, Darren?
I'm biting my nails.
I think you could feel pull it out.
Stranger things have happened.
FMU, you're on the air.
I would give it a trash.
Trash?
Oh, really?
All right.
Darren.
Yeah.
I got to take it out of the CD player.
I wish I didn't do this.
I liked it.
I'm just happy to have it on the air.
I like hearing what people say.
I gotta say, when I did smash a trash in the past,
yeah, there was one trash on it,
and I gotta tell you, that thing was trash.
You should have heard some of the junk
that was slipping through with smashes.
Fair enough.
But now you guys got a real band, you guys got trashed.
So, listen, as I throw your CD across the room,
there it goes. Should I break up the band? No. It should give you something to strive
toward. Okay, I've got notes now. I've got notes. Look Darren, I liked it. You guys
literally like you guys like your nation Ulysses. Sure. I hear a little bit of that
in there. Sure. Get no complaint from me. But the people spoke. You're the one who said
please put me on smash or trash. Yeah, it's a democracy. All right. Thank you for calling
there. Thanks for having me. Alright. That's sad.
He's got a book out. I saw Dennis Leary has a book coming out. Dennis Leary. Who
Who wants to hear what this guy is?
Yeah, this sucks.
Yeah, yeah, everything's gonna be about
how this stinks and that sucks.
Tough guy, real tough guy.
Big phony, baloney, Dennis Leary.
Yeah, let me tell you how it is.
Okay, everything gonna come with a free cigarette.
Did you make the book smell like his awful cigarette breath?
Like do a scratch and sniff book, but every page just smells like talking to him like talking to like a guy who smokes too much
I bet you didn't even smoke anymore
And I heard he has a there's a chapter in it. I am not kidding. There's a chapter called autism
autism
schmautism
And yes, I just got an I am from young
young jacob
he jumped to the next book i was about to bring up which i've actually saw in
the bookstore today
ted new jint has a book out
i looked through this thing this hunk of garbage
was this good as this guy for something and trees
it's called ted white and blue
the new jint manifesto
I look through this thing, this guy is so dumb.
He has every chapter at the header for every chapter.
He has like one of his dumb song lyrics.
As if like, as if these songs mean anything.
As if they're not just the junkiest songs, like he's trying to tie in like political relevance
with these things.
State from the Motor City madman comes the wildest most politically incorrect book yet.
In the Nugent Manifesto, Rocker slash Hunter extraordinaire Ted Nugent, Rocker Hunter is
taking aim in setting his sights on our country.
In his trademark unapologetic style, Nugent will praise God guns and red blooded full-throated
Americanism against panty waste politicians nanny state judges and tofu eating
Obama maniacs yeah get ready dummy you're about to lose the election jerk guy I
never did a anybody named three good things Ted Nugent did it's been around
for 40 years he did a journey to the center of your mind it literally 40
years ago. F.M.U. you're on the air. Hi Tom. Hi who's this? It's Donia from Chicago.
How are you Donia? Well I was hoping it would be
Frankly. I was hoping I got to admit. I heard your voice I hoped it was
Frankly. Sorry I'm not Frankly. Why did they reject me? I'm a good guy. I'm the
King here that's all I'm saying all I'm saying is the show's the biggest thing on
the station I'm the king come through kiss the ring that's all I'm asking hey
these guys are doing their thing they're making fun of other shows it's the least
they could do it's all they got to do just come through say hey doing a talk
show what's up Tom it's all I wanted but now but you know what I'm not gonna bug
them you know ignore them ignore them pretend you never saw them what about
what if you called their show I'm not please call their show Muhammad don't
go to the mountain call what hey guys it's me Tom hey guy how you doing guys
it's a hey it's Tom sharply I do a best show on Tuesday nights call them yeah
I'm the mountain. I'm Muhammad.
The mountain comes to Muhammad.
All I'm looking for is little rookie respect.
That's it. Little rookie respect.
That's all I wanted.
It shows gigantic.
I got John Hodgman coming on this thing next month.
that's the PC from the Mac PC commercials I'm gonna get them to act every one of
those commercials out in order my goal and I got other people coming up you
wouldn't even believe the other names I'm putting the people are gonna come on
this show you wouldn't even believe the people I'm talking like famous with a
capital F famous coming down here. Going to be on this thing.
Tom, you're a real big shot.
Thank you, Donia. I'm not talking H-man level. The H-man, that's a trifle in my eyes. As
much as I love him, that's a trifle, a bag of tell. The H-man.
doodle I got things planned coming up here gonna make your face melt the star
power coming through here what can I do for you tonight don't you
not much I just I was curious why I've been working with first because I thought
you said don't worry don't worry you're not first these guys beat you in the
That's right Evan just looked at the CDs. Look did you want it?
You sure you wanted your band up on this thing tonight? It's really trash. Yeah, these wolves these wolves out here
You wanted percane to go through that? Yeah. Oh, yeah, you know what we'll do two weeks
Percane's gonna be on smash or trash. Okay. Cool. All right. I'm confident. I'm confident. Good. Good. Don't ya you best be
What you best be confident
Unbelievable. No respect. I get nothing around here.
Nothing.
Get snubbed. Shut up weirdo snubbing me.
I'm just trying to get them on. Trying to give them some juice around here.
around here. So I want to give him some juice. Are you ready Evan? Thumbs up? Speaking of
thumbs up, it's very exciting Evan is going to have Richard Roper in the studio. He's bringing
some of his uh... favorite records down
going to be playing he apparently is a uh...
huge zeezy top fan
and he is going to be comparing uh...
the tracks
from when they were uh... with over the remastered eighty stuff that came out
on cd
against the originals on on vinyl
so if you ever wanted to hear
Somebody AB, a copy of a DiGuelo.
Tonight's the night.
Evan Funk Davies and film critic Richard Roper,
live in studio.
Is he in the building yet, Mike?
Not yet.
Very exciting.
And you know what else is exciting?
That the best show on WFMU will be back next week.
With Paul F. Tompkins live in the studio.
The host of Best Week Ever,
starting next friday
get ready
and stay tuned for evan
david's w f m u e starage
wx hd man hope
what's that mike
what is that
who is it
hold on fm you you're on the air
i would just like to say that uh...
never heard of him before but he's got a great show
uh... me of uh... some of the
programs
way back
very good
way back like what way back what you talk about the shadow
fiver mcgee and molly
now
talk about that and the colgate radio hour
away
the late sixties like what radio
Larry Loujack. What are you talking about? What shows are you talking about? Barry Farber?
Barry Farber? Oh God. Give me a name. Give me one show this reminds you of.
You know, I can't think of one. Yeah, you're drunk aren't you?
Certainly not. Are you high? Absolutely not. You're going to love the next show, Evan
funk Davies alright stay tuned this guy it's a show that's F-H-O if you know
what I mean for heads only coming up next here he goes