F radio show ever.
Hey, who's this?
In but it's sales, Governor Valvin.
Hi, it's uh...
Gerald Pearlman.
Tom Sharpling, Governor of Party.
Hey Tom, it's Purple Turf.
Hey Tom, it's Mark Michaels.
This is Richard Corg, Richard Corg.
What's your name?
Baron.
Baron.
And what's inside the two?
the two.
Five, five.
Maurice Kurtz?
Horrifying.
Hey, Thomas Bruce.
Tommy!
Who's this?
Genji Vitis.
Yes, they have Rick Feloni at the wall.
I go to wood.
I hate you.
It's Peter.
Hey, it's Steinberg.
Mm-hmm.
You are creepy and I'm hanging upon you.
Boing.
Roger Douglas.
My name is Ollie Fairnock.
I'll say it.
You'll hear it.
You'll do it.
I'll get it.
You'll learn it.
I'll live with it.
And you'll die without it.
Smash your trash.
Good day. What's up, Thomas? Tristan. Hey, it's Michelle. Yeah, Tom. This is Jim Riffle. How you doing? When I get to do the toilet talk now.
It's a vaudeville of the new century. My name is Tom Riley. I'm calling from New Zealand. Hey, man, it's Brian.
Ted, don't stand with that tent pole. It's a tent pole show. Hey, this is Ted Lea. Whaaat? This is Pete from the Future.
Hi, Tom. It's DJ Terry Chase. Hey, from Knoxville. Super Kohler. It's off the top. My name is Mike Zajak.
Get that off my phone, I don't care.
Hey, this is it, be panned, man.
I'm going to go to bed now, bye, friend.
Hey, Tom, it's Gordon.
Hey, Gordon.
How are you?
I was in a band in the early 90s, my name's Jerry Payne.
Hey, Tom, why need this, uh, Jeffrey Ludell.
It's a fat, diseased, wilder, right in the neck, isn't it?
The disenfranchised of a home now.
I'm the hero of the disenfranchised.
I'm telling you that man, you're the best show
I'm telling you that man, you're the best show
I'm telling you to pet you the best show
I'm telling you to pet you the best show
Yeah
Here come the gestures
1, 2, 3
It's all part of my fantasy
I love the music
And I love to see the crowd
Dancing in my eyes
And singing along
Yeah
Here come the dancers, one by one, your mom is calling but you're heaven first, you'll find
your dancing on the nine cloud, put your hair together, nothing is in your line, it's over,
I'm my rockin' hope and to see
It's all right, I'm my rockin' dream
It's all right, I'm my rockin' old fantasy
It's all right, I'm my rockin' old dream
Yeah yeah
Yeah yeah
Put out the spotlight, it's warm and warm
And let the feel and get down to you, too
Though the music's so loud down during the other song
We gen'e girls, and I'll oughta have to run
It's all right, I'm my rock and roll fantasy
It's all right, I'm my rock and roll dream
Oh yeah, it's all right, I'm my rock and roll fantasy
It's all me.
I'm like an O Two.
It's alright I'm my rock and rollarine.
I want to be the best, but I want to be the best
This is not fun
This is a man I've been
Bad for the guy, I got it in a t-shirt
Pulling for the guy to ride, got it in a twig
Why don't you just jump?
Why don't you just be dead?
But you're dead
Then I'll fight
This is a man I've made
Never escape that good and the secret
We're not gonna get away
Got a big way
What else is underjean?
What else is underjean?
Why?
No!
No!
Look at
your
Come off me, come off, come off me
Come on, feet!
Come on, feet!
Girls, for me!
Several ain't no place to be!
Come on, feet!
Do your thing!
Oh, now!
You're on the way again!
Come on, legs!
Come on, run!
He'll do what he say you done!
Come on, days.
Don't be me.
Come on, days.
That ain't the first ride you've ever seen.
Come on, baby.
Do your thing.
Come on, baby.
Don't cut out all day.
Come on, baby.
Don't get that all day.
Come on, days.
Come on, cruise to me.
Come on feet, cruise for feet, come on back, who put the bad mouth on me, any way the way,
I pick them up and put them down, even if they got my name on it won't catch me down,
Won't catch me now, never put this in some cold <E.D.> ground,
So it was dark, never been out this way,
Anyway, safe in the sound, but we broke the Olympic 220, cross crunchy or something.
You're lonely!
Whatever happened to the sun, sugar on the way,
show black and then a landlord, soul, must have run all day.
Yeah, must have run all day!
It's the one all day!
You and the bitch!
Must have run all day!
Come on, Pete!
Bruce will be!
Come on, Pete!
Come on, run!
Who's with me?
Come on, Pete!
B buff off
Bha Bha I'm gone
Bha Bha I'm gone
Come all feet
Come all run
Come all run
5 2 3 3 2 1
KDream is taking 88 part 1 and now
I was talking over
And how much do you see now?
How many fingers?
Ha ha ha!
When your kids at sea go plastic, with the harness of the elastic,
so the girls out think you're itchy, and the boys out think you're <E.D.>
then the hinge is all gingrous, and the seventh pen gets busted,
so you graduate your crawler shell that makes you look severe,
For us, what you gonna do now
For us, and how much do you see now
How many fingers, ha ha ha
When you're so blind they call you Batman
You can't even see a Batman
You can't be just where is that man without windows on your eyes
But the flames ain't your decision and they're fitted with precision
And they magnify your eyes like they'll help cherish eyes
All right
What you're gonna do now
What you're gonna do now
All right
How much do you see now
How many fingers?
Ha ha ha.
Here's a word to all you parents
Give a break to little parents
When he says the black bones fade
In the world of fuzzy plays
Mr. up in middle classes
Let the baby choose grass
And please recall it after all
He grabs them on his face
For all our eyes
Oh, what you gonna do now?
Oh, what I...
Oh, what do you see now?
Oh, what do you see now?
Oh, what I...
Oh, what I...
If I'm you you're on the air yes, Stephen, please guitar not based dude
What's that little Stephen, please guitar not base
He plays base does not you have no idea what you're talking you have no idea what you're talking about no
I deal with you're talking. I'll bet you a million dollars. He plays base. I'll bet you
5000
Look it up. So you're willing you're willing you're willing and you're so
Petey go find out. Hey, we're in a different piece. Yes. So you're so confident
You're willing to go down
The best show
Don't start off again
It's like it's way too quick
It's like reaching for the top show
There is an ending to fate
Don't wait for the position to be the best show
W.S.P.U.
The best show
W.S.P.U.
The best show
W.S.P.U.
The best show
The best show
Well, if you go back, I'll go with you and
Go back, I'll go with you and
Go back, I'll go with you and
Cause, I'll go, to call if you go back
Ooooh
Oh, they don't know.
You watch me do the show hey everybody this is the best show on WFM you brought to you
each and every Tuesday night here on WFM you my name is Tom Sharpling the host of
tonight's installment three hours of mirth music in mayhem each and every
Tuesday night once again my name is Tom Sharpling the host of tonight's
installment and boy do we have a show planned for you tonight boy oh boy the
phone number two oh one two oh nine nine three six eight
that is a number of you wish
to get a hold of me
and or the program
trying to find out what's going on down in
georgia
where the uh... the uh... the uh... runoff
is happening
the runoff for uh... for uh... uh... senator
of uh... georgia
very exciting
anybody from georgia wants to give an update
if they've got news
please call two oh one two oh nine nine three six eight
you will get right through you hear that mike
you let them right through
if they're from georgia
but there's what i want you to ask them i guess them ask them where in georgia
they're from
and what ranking
are in the KKK and please also ask them to not if they could lift up their
hoods it's hard to hear through the the muffling of the cloth from the hoods
over the radio oh we just heard from the love and spoonful four eyes from
hums of the love and spoonful great stuff from them as always one of the
underrated groups love and spoonful they burned hot for two years oh the hits came
out of John Sebastian like water pouring down a waterfall, but then then the
waterfall was a dammed up upstream and it dried up and the hits stopped before
that quasi-moto from the classic album The Unseen. We heard come on feet, another
one of the many many mad lib in many incarnations of mad lib it's quasi
modo the rude anteater character as always on the stones throw label the
trademark of quality when it says stones throw on it you can now you can swear
by it. You swear by it. Another label that is a as a you trust that logo is the discord
label. We heard Fugazi. Bed for the scraping. From their album Red Medicine.
good stuff there and starting us off bad company rock and roll fantasy from the
classic desolation as actually not a classic album I'm like saying look at
some of the junk on this album this album I'm telling you this song here are some
of the titles rock and roll fantasy that's awesome crazy circles gone
gone gone evil wind the song called rhythm machine what and the song called
oh Atlanta I gotta hear oh it I gotta hear rhythm machine do you think rhythm
machine will be terrible Mike all right let's find out check out rhythm
machine
That was the final bars of Take the Time.
And now from the Desolation Angels album, Bad Company, with Rhythm Machine.
I'm a rhythm machine, you know what I mean, I'm a rhythm machine, you know what I mean.
Yeah, it's terrible.
1979, I think it might be Bad Company's final.
It's the home stretch of Bad Company.
Oh, I think so.
If you listen on rock-and-roll fantasy, there's disco elements, it's got the booboo-boo-boo-boo-boo.
And let me hear, oh Atlanta, let's see.
This is going to be bad also, oh Atlanta.
We gotta get blues here, let's bring the blues into the sound again.
I'm an old hound dog.
This all took. I'm just an old hound dog. People might want to know why I played a bed
company tonight. Two reasons. First of all, I played it. It was a valid two-fer set there.
I played the bed company with the Fugazi right before it. Mick Ralph's produced the
Red Medicine album for Fugazi, which was a good lead-in to a good follow-through for
the Bad Company, the one album that Fugazi let an outside producer do, Mick Ralph's.
And I also played it because it brought back, it reminded me of being in an arcade as a
little kid.
When I first started going to the arcade, all the dirt bags played like bad company
records.
Like, well, I'm talking they'd never stopped either.
There was this one completely low-life arcade near my house growing up that was stuck in
1979, and it never stopped, and they had a band for life sign in the arcade of kids
who were bad kids, and I went into this arcade like a year ago.
still had the sign up. I'm telling you, is it like these guys are adults now? How are
you gonna even know if that's them? Hey, that's you 20 years later. Get out of my
arcade. You're banned for life. Life means life.
But I was playing the air hockey today.
Now I've had my ups, my downs, lately the last month I have been completely unstoppable.
When it comes to air hockey, the mallet is an extension of my hand, which is an extension
of my head. All three are in sync. Mallet wrist head. Unstoppable. I ran the
table today at work. Ran the table. They stood up. I sat him down. FMU you're on
the air. FMU you're on the air. Hello Tom. Hello. This is Julie from Cincinnati.
Oh, hi. How are you tonight, Julie?
Super. I'm having an air hockey tournament on Friday night.
Really?
Yeah, I've got to beat two people.
Where at?
At my boss's house.
Your boss has an air hockey table?
Yeah, and his boss's boss is coming from out of town, so I've got to beat my boss's boss's boss.
Never you good at air hockey?
Yeah.
What's your go-to shot?
Oh, I guess I'm not that good. I just always win that because I play with people who
Mm-hmm. Well, you know what you need
Yep, so it's all about a couple basic things basic bank shot basic left bank shot basic right bank shot
Straight gullet shot three things mix them up
Yeah, no, that's like I'm making one and then I'll make the other one exactly then you get them favoring their left
Then you start knocking it in through the right. Yes
But I'll tell you what spooks on the most straight down the middle gullet shots
Now all of a sudden they don't know how whether they're coming or going
You think I've got a chance I do
If I win I'm going to be clean for the next year. I think you do have a chance
Awesome, and just keep your keep your
You do your defense you keep your mallet kind of to the center of the goal
about like six inches back. That's a safe default position for defense on
air hockey. And if somebody hits the the the pug hard don't flinch don't move
your mallet. Hold firm. Hold firm. Until it's time to hit it. Until you're back on
offense. Yeah. But when you're on when you're defending the goal don't flinch
cuz then you give them a wide open goal maybe you get you maybe you take a
puck on the on the yeah you take a puck on the knuckles it's all right big deal
yeah you roll with it yeah it's a game you don't get something you don't win if
you're a giant coward right exactly you win nothing with your a coward that's
right Tom did you have a good Thanksgiving well I thank you for asking I had a
pretty good Thanksgiving yes how about you yeah I visited my friend and we
forgot to make food and so we drove around and then let's back up a little
bit yeah you visited your friend I'm gonna I'll put a little check mark next
to that visited my friend the next statement I'm having a little trouble
with. Then we forgot to make food. Yeah, I'm Thanksgiving. That didn't cross
anybody's mind. Well, um, we were doing other things. Like what? I thought it's a
family show, right? Yeah, so let's not. Yeah, so we were doing drugs. No, I don't
drugs. Are you drinking? No. We just forgot we were having physical activities and I forgot to
uh, what? What? It's kind of body. Bloody? Yeah, body. I feel like I'm on an episode
of uh, the uh, the Al Goldstein show. No, I'm not giving any details. Good. Good. So
So you got caught up in the moment, we'll say, and also you realize there was no food.
Yeah, and we were hungry.
So we went to get Chinese food, but the Chinese restaurants were closed.
Yes.
And then everything was closed, but one Mexican restaurant, which was okay, and there was
They're really trashy couple in there, too, who had been looking for something deep for
two hours.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Are you sure there just wasn't a mirror on the wall in the restaurant that you weren't
looking over at that trashy couple?
Yeah.
You own your friend?
Yeah.
I'm sure, because she had long hair and I don't.
Okay.
You weren't like, look at them.
They were playing Mariah Carey on the jukebox.
Those two people were?
Yeah.
You know what? It sounds like you had a good Thanksgiving. My Thanksgiving, and I don't
know if anybody's ever had this experience on Thanksgiving. Mine started off like this.
This is a Thanksgiving story for the ages. I arrive with food, you know, with a little
bit of food, but with food being made. So then the food shows up. I start eating with
everybody else right mm-hmm but then get this I push it I overestimate I think
I got more room in my in my stomach than I do did you throw up at the table
I did not I know I didn't throw up at the table good so then I eat to it then I'm
stuffed I put too much too much on the plate with seconds oh then I'm laying
there oh I'm so full but then get this dessert comes out what do I do I have
some dessert I had dessert unbelievable has this ever happened to anybody on
Thanksgiving anybody have this experience and then did you sell my
curt to cuz that's what happens to me I was just like oh I'm full and then you
know what I managed to do have a little more pie I had a little more pumpkin pie
apple pie and cherry pie or just no cherry no cherry what do you think
uh... house uh... what do you think we're uh... wolves
what am i my mom will make every kind of pie
do we have a pumpkin pie apple pie
is not is not uh... soviet union
what that you i mean i don't know
my mom makes cheesecake too
thank god i missed it this year i'm so glad
you like the the stuff too much right mm-hmm oh Julie what are we going to do
with you um I want to get put on the giant trampoline and send out into space
I can't because you're you're you're a you know you are now I never would have
thought this would happen you might be delusional you're a reliable caller
you're a reliable caller reliable yes you I can change it no oh thank you
Julie you have a good night. You too Mike. FM you you're on the air hello Tom. Hey
what's going on? I went to think. You watching horror movies? Yeah. Hello you
too Tom. How are you Spike? I'm doing just fine. I was thanksgiving. Oh it's nice and
I'm quiet.
Nice and quiet?
Do you eat a lot?
Uh, not as much as I normally do.
No.
You went a little easy?
Easier this year?
Yeah.
Did you hear my Thanksgiving story?
Yes, it just heard it.
Unbelievable, huh?
Yes.
Yes.
I'm telling you.
It was...
I'm going to say it was crazy.
When I loaded up that second plate, when I had that second plate...
and I thought I still had to add room in my stomach.
All of a sudden I'm like, oh, I ate too much.
I bit off more than I could chew, literally.
Well, I had one plate, and then I took some food home.
And I still have some leftover.
Are you eating it slowly, every day?
Have a little bit?
Yeah, that's why you have to do it.
All right.
You know.
So, did you see Twilight or what? Twilight, uh, no, not yet. Are you going to see it?
Um, I think I will. Will you review it for us, please? Oh, that's why I did see a guess.
Okay. What are you drinking there? Alright, so I'm eating. You're eating? Okay. Well,
it's good. I'm eating some of the food that was walked over. Yeah, good. You've hoed.
So it shows three hours out of the entire week.
This guy's got his whole night free.
He's got to eat now.
Dude, double duty now.
He's on the radio.
OK, eating.
As you think it's part of the coffee clatch.
He's just, yeah, I'm on the phone eating.
That's sick.
Sick.
What's wrong with that guy?
Thanksgiving, thanksgiving.
I'm not even going to repeat the Thanksgiving story Mike told me before the show.
Let's just say tonight was strike 3, 4, and 5.
the second batter is about to be out
but you know you get to this point of the year everybody's got their uh...
their stories about it because everybody's seeing their families
on Thanksgiving
everybody's going either they're going home or people are coming over there
they're seeing everybody
and you know it happens when family gets together
the weirdness comes out
weird I had one uncle not kidding you this guy all this food was made all this
food for the family then then all homemade everything great top notch a lot of
good a lot of good cooks in my family but then someone for whatever reason
ordered a pizza and I kid you not this is what he said if I were to know and
they had pizza I wouldn't have eaten all this junk who who lets that leave
their lips that thought that's a that's an interior that one should not ever that
one should not ever go out of the brain and down down out of the mouth and turn
into sound if I would have known that pizza wouldn't have eaten all this junk
Which leads to tonight's topic. That's right the topic very early in the show
Because we're moving tonight. We're moving. I got things to do tonight. The topic is oh
family
201-209-936 a what are the things where you're just like like
Am I actually related to these people? Why am I here?
You just look or the good things. What are the good things?
I just want to hear those stories, because everybody's got them.
Oh, family.
201.
209.
9368 is the number.
I want to thank John Hodgman for coming down last week.
That's very exciting.
Did you fun with that, Mike?
Did you like him?
Was he nice to you?
Yeah, we talked afterwards, and since Mike doesn't have a cell phone, Mike's anti-cell phone,
which, you know, everybody's anti-cell phone, nobody's like, ooh, my cell phone, I love
it, but Mike don't have one, you know, and I salute him for that.
john hodgman could not wrap his head around that
the fact that uh...
fact that mike was uh... off the grid
to that extent
two oh one two oh nine nine three six eight the topic
oh family
you're on the air
hi who's this
this is erica from baht war
uh... what is it again super-cooler powerful
uh...
power-cooler power-cooler
super-coolers are gone through like the watchman
gone
i saw the poster though
that's all right
good you'll always be a super-cooler
but the of the uh...
is that entire
branch of the friends of tom has been decommissioned
Right, but they cannot take that title away from you. Oh, well good. Thank you
So do you have something for the topic tonight being oh family? I do and it's about one of my in-laws
Oh, right my sister-in-law. Mm-hmm
It's a little she's a little bit odd. She's just a preface if she's like the type of smart where they're really really smart
Look, but not a lot of common sense or emotion. I guess yes
Um, and she, uh, it didn't even flip out, she just flat out told me that she hates my father.
Which, for whatever reason she hates them, you know, I have no idea, I don't find them in,
hateable, but just the fact that you would say that to somebody's daughter, that you hate their dad.
That's absolutely mind-boggling.
Oh yeah, by the way, I hate your father.
Right.
that's that is that is just shocking the stuff that that actually somebody
thought that that statement would go over okay yeah where is the filter everyone
needs a filter yeah what what I all I did was say oh I did was say that uh that
And I hate her father.
Right.
Unbelievable.
Yep.
Yep.
So I'm just taking the stance that she's, there's something wrong with her.
I feel sorry for her.
That's on her.
All I can do.
That's on her.
So you say when you hear that?
Oh, family in law.
Yes.
Thank you, Eric.
Bye.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi, Tom.
It's Brian in Orlando.
Brian in Orlando.
How are you tonight?
I'm doing well haven't fun. Yes. Yes, yeah
You are you partying Orlando style?
I don't know what Orlando style is but I guess I do that
You know what I mean you go to the amusement parks, right?
Yeah, yeah, certainly that's partying Orlando style. That's about the extent of partying, but I do when's the last time you were at a universal
uh studios uh last week really yeah what brought you there um they're doing construction on the
harry potter ride so when i go check it out so you were just going to watch them build the harry
potter ride um yeah pretty much actually like how far along is it and not very it's pretty much
just a giant cement building like when it when is it supposed to uh launch i think 2010
so you so you're two years away you're like yeah let me go check out the ride
i'll go look at the blob of concrete i i'm a bit of a theme park marriage so all right that's fine
i'm a member of ace are you yes i was for about a year and a half
the american coaster enthusiasts
a former member
i actually would actually was stripped of my uh... satin jacket
because i did something on the uh... cyclone that i cannot mention on the air
okay
so i won for the topic let's hear it
so i was talking to my dad
about a week before the election mm-hmm
and he says um...
I hope you spoke for the white candidate.
I mean the right candidate.
Did he mean that as a joke?
Yeah, yeah.
But he said it sincerely.
But he said, but he wasn't actually tripping over the words white and right.
Yeah, yeah.
He thought that that was kind of clever.
Yeah.
Like he was sitting on that for a while.
I hope you're going to vote for the white kid.
I mean the right candidate.
Yeah, that that's pretty much how we delivered it. And where where did he lives in Florida?
Uh, no, he lives just among Ireland. On Long Island? Yeah. Why is he even bothering voting?
New York is gonna. Yeah, maybe McCain can pull it out. Save the gas. Seriously. You're you're uh,
you're in New York. Don't even leave your house. New York, New Jersey. You're gonna go vote
Republican don't even it's a waste of your time go read a comic book for that
same time yeah this guy Lautenberg ran this guy's 105 years old they cannot get
him out of office thinking about it died a year ago and he won nobody's even
sure they should poke him with a stick and he's still one I even liked the guy
I voted for him. Yeah, Mike had no idea. Lautenberg was still a candidate. He came
back out of retirement. This guy looks like he looks like the Cripkeeper in a suit. Like
whenever they have the Cripkeeper do bits and they put him in a suit. Who found that entertaining
By the way, Crypt Keeper.
We tell you the crypt.
Yeah, crypt keepers start those jokes like, you know, we're going to have a ripping good time.
Who's at home going?
You got me again, Crypt Keeper.
You know, I think it's funny, the crypt, the crypt keeper who writes those jokes for them.
Tell your dad to stop being such a filthy racist.
I guess I will.
Tell him this is not the 50's anymore.
All right.
All right.
Tell your dad the guy on the radio said, grow up, Dad.
All right.
Okay.
Thank you, Brian.
Thank you, Tom.
201, 209, 9368, the topic, oh, family, in which we discuss those moments where your
family or someone in your family just says that thing or does that thing and you just
can't believe it.
This is the thing.
Mike is that guy in his family.
I would not be surprised if someone from Mike's family called tonight and said, yeah, I got
But this cousin, you never believe this guy.
Jeepers, creepers, it's quiet.
American Idol on again.
Unbelievable.
Like a morgue.
It's 38 people in the chat though.
are doing great. Their show in there is cooking. That's good. This other one here, eh, and
why bother? Have you seen that commercial for the jeans, Mike, the commercial where I
think it was like for Wrangler or Lee or whatever it was, where they taped that guy's
pants and then they fill it with helium like they tape his pants shut look I
don't know if this is fake this could be some computer thing it's got like they
they then they pump helium into his pants and they fly then he like hovers
like like eight feet off the ground and then they put on the on the bottom of
commercials like do not try like don't try this like I can't think of anything
that I like I'm not dumb and I can't wait to try that that looked like the
greatest thing I've ever seen and you know the worst part I don't know if it's
real or not it could be completely fake I'm still gonna try it I'm ready to try
that. Yeah, it was a tankahelium and a tube coming off of it. Some electrical
tape. And then this guy's floating eight feet off the ground. That looks like the
greatest thing I've ever seen in my life. Float eight feet off the ground. Can you
imagine that don't try this don't try it I'm ready to I don't want to buy your
jeans I want to buy that kit they should they should run that thing to sell
kits for people could fly eight feet off the ground
I'm telling you, if they sold a kit to get people to fly 8 feet off the ground, I would
buy that kit, I would have bought one already.
I'd be doing this show 8 feet off the ground, right now.
I would never set foot on the ground again, if I could just hover 8 feet off the ground
at all times. I would have a helium tank in the back of my car. I would just, I would
float everywhere. Eight feet. Don't try this. FMU, you're on the air. Hello. Hello. Hi.
Hi, who's this? This is DJ Terry T. What? DJ Terry T, wait, is this the host of the
cherry blossom clinic
i've heard i'm sorry i've been through three to six p.m. yes you're correct
this is the this is the uh... the uh...
the terry tea
who's going to have the flesh tones on her program this saturday
you can be one and only
the flesh tones christmas one i think uh... ever on fm you've as well as i'm
aware except for all in jonese show when
when they played uh...
you know jonese crazy christmas party
house christmas party at the loop
So you're saying that people should tune in this Saturday, December 6 for a flesh tones
Christmas party.
Yeah.
The ultimate super rock party band holds it down for the ultimate holiday celebration.
The flesh tones have brand new Christmas album on yep rock called stocking stuffer and it's
a festive blast of garage rock and roll even for people who hate Christmas music.
The new album is so rock and you can listen to it all year round and it will debut on
WFM here.
in this saturday so can believe in christmas time and
the flesh tones after all these years are you kidding me that type always in
there there's two typos in there
the flesh tones have brand new christmas album on the program
who wrote that more at
that
that
no uh...
somebody on the cherry blossom like staff i'm sure
sounds like somebody's going to get reprimanded
i guess i will have to reprimand myself so people should tune in seriously
chair blossom clinic this saturday
flesh tones live on the air rockin it out
yet the craze let's go to christmas party because chris crazy christmas out
but i know
yet don't know what else is coming up on the program for uh...
chattin away about it you don't
i don't
uh...
you gotta hear about this i can't wait on them i'm ready
all right coming up
yet this this is a december six
westland
uh...
december twentieth
the band
boss hog
it's a reunion and it can be live on fmu all my show really one night yes
december twentieth
and they're probably about exactly playing tomorrow night wednesday night at
our maxwells in uh...
new jersey and they're going to be playing
uh... you know that the seventeenth
december seventeenth the bowery ballroom in new yoke city
and then they're going to be playing my radio show december 20th on the radio
wow
show yeah
so you're is it so people tune in over to cherry blossom clank it's going to
be a pretty exciting uh...
pretty exciting month
for a year for a lot of music a lot of good love a lot of stuff there
uh...
so anyway i'm actually calling it for the topic yes will dole
family that topic
sure let's go what do you have to say on that topic
okay t well
i don't know you may or may not know this but i'm half korean
i did not know that
so that so you know
for thanksgiving we went to my mom's house and it was all my koreans
relative i'm a korean and all my korean relatives
only one or two like
jimmy i only two
uh... caucasian
you know caucasian's their okay
is they call them the uh... gaijin
in japan
okay with the korean so that they don't have that they
they just call them big nose yellow hair
actually big nose yellow hair
knuckle it
that only
work it sort of kidding
not really
but anyway
is a randy richter
no
i don't know what i anyway so let's go forward
oh sorry no no this is me i'm i'm the one who keeps sidetracking you're
trying to tell a nice story
i keep uh... i keep taking you down uh... down side roads
so here's the thing is two generations of korean there there's the korean
who emigrated from korea like in the last twenty thirty years and then there's
their children who are korean americans who are like total
americans like myself yes yes
so um...
and actually mentioned a half the story
on the air my last week's show about how
like my my uncle who i shomp give his name
he comes totally late in the room traffic and everything
my brother's carving the turkey
and
you know that he's i mean that we're just getting ready to eat
or both cars and turkey
my uncle doesn't say hi
doesn't say happy thanksgiving
anything like that
he just looks at my brother and says
your belly has gotten big
the bly
hi uncle p how are you you know
unbelievable
then my and
who could not even relate it has nothing to do with my uncle p
like it's just another
person
also again you know off the boat perhaps like not knowing the american
you know social my city he's perhaps like
not picking up that
maybe the little she's being a little gosh
says to my
sister on my my brother's wife or visit it doesn't say to
to her face
my sister was in the other room
cleaning the dishes
and she's in the other room but it's not like a closed-off room with the
door clock and it's just like a divider you know it's an open
thing okay
uh... the kitchen to the dining room i can picture
and
my aunt had gotten her a sweater for christmas because he wasn't going to see
her for christmas because it's like such a trip
and said
i got i
i got
i shouldn't say her name all the same
uh...
size large because she has been the way
and then she does this jester like this belly gesture
well what's your family uh... the korean uh... don rickles
well the funniest thing is my aunt the poor moose said this is the heaviest
one in the family
you know i mean
so for her say that it's just like
and so anyway my
sister-in-law will call her mary
heard this
and she was like while she's cleaning no less she's
so mad
and she like doesn't know what to do but that she's like the only other
Caucasian there you know this is all total strangers to her
and she's just
like
what we're going to do and so then
the meanwhile
like the uh... like the mayor of the korean-americans when you were born in
states were all mortified and we're like yeah you can't say that i like it
i don't get it i know and her daughter her my aunt daughter
Kathy was just like could you say that mom blah blah blah she's yelling at her
in korean and her that is that it was it was
rough it was it was right i mean i i would not
blame i just like and i i sort of like debriefed my mom
mom because my mother had no idea like just went down
and
and and you know my mother's like
all that give korean people a bad name
that's why people put it just against korean
like no one
and this story makes you say
all family
what are we doing this
doing this out there for the first time
well well
okay thank you okay you have a good night
you too
fm you you're on the air
i thought how are you i'm doing all right who's this
uh... this is clint from josey climp
clint
the lnth
okay how are you clint
i'm good
it's it's not my family it's it's my girlfriend family i hope that's okay
let me let me let me make sure
mike is saying mike is saying will let it slide go ahead okay thanks mike
well i i have i think you're welcome
uh... the one thing is uh...
uh... after after thanksgiving
i uh...
the next day i was i was tapped to help my girlfriend's father
set up by christmas lights outside you think they have a couple of kind of
tall bushes
and uh... as as we walk to to hang up the lights
he's sort of grumbling to himself by he's he's like five one
unlike six two and uh... he's been you know it's kind of a a proud fellow
and he said
sort of thing under spread but kind of have to be like well i don't really see
how much more help you're going to be
and i i think i can come up out to him
i don't know how to explain to him that i i have about
three at least three feet of reach more than he does
and try to be the good boy friend and and not explain that to him
yeah i was going to tell me to feed me the lights
you just feed him to me
right now
give me the poke stick i'll get on top of the ladder
that's not the fact that yeah you worry about making sure the outlets are
plugged uh... tiny
it down there
you get down you check the outlets
you check the power strips
i'm in charge of the hand
you're on the charge of hanging you're in charge of power strips
what if you said that to him
uh...
i think you would have
i don't know what it was on
he just would have been very quiet and i would have been very awkward problem
yeah you're better off not saying anything
uh...
and then and i think it's like a couple of i've been in in their kitchen before
and is
like you know the mother will say like i'll get that platter from
the serving tray from the top shelf
and he'll be you know halfway on the counter trying to get it and
and refused like i could easily at that i level for me
yeah i just have to let him
kind of hop
and struggle and
he's proud
the guy
um... and the other thing was uh... over dinner
uh... one of her aunt
was talking about how the new she loved the new bruce
springsteen single
but uh... but she's so disappointed politics
and uh... it's like all this this this season it's just so bad it's over
and uh... and i thought it's kind of old news that he was kind of uh...
left leaning
a little bit yeah
not exactly a mystery that he was appearing
with the brocco pama
in uh... in ohio
and was pretty much being pretty vocal about it
i thought i thought i was kind of surprising
they were just kind of let it let it hang and drop
in some of it
didn't deliver the blow to her in some alternate universe
bruce brin stein would have
stopped being popular and then would have done like a country album
like he would have had to have
kind of done that
crossover thing that all those guys do like he would have worn a cowboy hat
they like bonjovi's doing
right well he would have put out when he put out natural it would have been
his fault arms for the christian writers of them
yes exactly he would bring uh...
he would try to just uh... they just kind of crossover hope that people don't
know that uh... these country fans that dumb but they don't notice
unlike
the the uh... guy in uh... hootie in the blowfish
shows up and put the cowboy hat on
and jewel
are they that are they that gullible where anyone
will buy anything it's like
but what where is the line on that what it robs on the is robs on the
but line him all of them if he let he went country
but i think you've been all he thought were makeable while ago so he might
be able to american showed up that might be the straw that breaks the uh...
The cow is back on that one.
But this guy and Hootie and the Blowfish
is like popular now on like country radio.
I would just be so offended
if somebody just all of a sudden's like,
hey y'all, hey y'all,
I'm interested in what y'all got going on here.
Like what, go back to your garbage rock.
What, cause they don't want you anymore.
Now you're gonna come sniffing around here.
all of a sudden suddenly you've got the urge to do country music
right well and i guess everyone like the uniform
maybe that's uh...
you put on a french jacket and i uh...
and i can't wait how to step in the near if you're ready to rock maybe that's
the problem maybe i should just go country
then i'll write a book like a country book
like uh...
my country
i think uh... i mean that the new angle maybe that
at the missing piece of the puzzle might be maybe i got to wear cowboy hat
thanks for the call buddy
maybe that's what i'm missing
maybe i should just go country
who did it
yeah i miss did it
first of all
i miss now his voice
you've got to hear this guy's voice
i can't believe that they let him on the radio for five minutes
his voice
it is
like
you think that you're listening to like some
station in a different language
like the show starts is like that's like
this is the i'm s in the morning program
like they get
charles mccord over annunciates
and then this i think
this is the i'm s in the morning program and i was like
That's right, I, man.
That's right, I, man.
Yeah, look that idiot. Look that idiot, Hillary Clinton.
He's got some country CD out now like go the money goes to the imus ranch
Which is like this ranch that he has set up where like like sick kids come out like for a few months a few weeks out
the year but then he lives that for months at a time
fm you you're on the air
hey tom it's mike and brooklyn mike first of all let me just say you're
listening to w f m u e stars w x h d man hope worldwide web
at w f m u dot o r g this is the best show
on w f m u my name is tom sharpling how are you tonight mike
i'm very good how you doing
uh... doing all right
uh... you come up with a country thing i think
and maybe think of uh...
it was a song with nellie and timber girl
i can remember the name of the net nellie the the hip-hop artist
yes
uh... the author of
uh... hot in here
yeah hot and hard
uh... yeah
hot in two hours
uh...
but i got one for the topic
well what do you got mike
uh...
this happened a little while ago so when i was like a freshman and in college
i was uh...
i'm sorry to interrupt you think country fans cared about that record did they
fall for that
was that a hit
i don't think so can somebody check and see if that was a hit
did country fans fall for that
they'll fall for anything
i'm telling you i'm gonna start just being a country artist
how's everybody doing tonight
I hope you're all like I'm like why am I like foghorn leg horn I'll just go up
there and just do it like the biggest yeah the biggest parody of country and
then see if people see like when somebody goes this guy's making fun of
us how's everybody doing tonight like see how far I can take it being a
country artist so somebody just goes wait a minute this guy this guy's teasing
us. I hope y'all having a good country time tonight. I just put my pickup truck to the
show tonight. I'd rather push a Ford than drive a Dodge. Yeah. That's the crowd.
Yeah that's the crowd. I'm sorry. Now go ahead with your family story Mike. No
no please. It was the first year in college and you know we used to go to
away. There was like a sort of a nightclub that catered to college students. And so we
would go there every once in a while and we were waiting in line to get in. It's pretty
long line. A bunch of students like people that you know, friends and such. And so this
guy is in front of us and he's asking for money. And he gets to where we may have my
friends are, yes, a couple of my friends and he asked me for some money and I say I don't
I don't have anything, I'm sorry.
And he sort of gives a double take.
And he says, do I know you?
And I go, no, I don't think so.
And he goes, you sure?
I'm like, no, no, you don't.
Then he starts walking away, and he comes back,
and he says, where are you from?
And I'm from Indiana, originally.
But I was like, this, I was getting
such a weird feeling off of that line.
I said, I'll talk to Chicago.
And he walked away.
Then about a minute later, he comes back up to me,
and he goes, it looks me dead and high.
And he says, you're a fan, son.
A van is my mother's name is Evangeline.
Everyone calls her van.
Right away, I know that this is something really
weird going on.
And I go, how do you, I said something that I won't say here,
but I was like, how do you know that?
and he goes uh...
i'm pokey
and like okay
i'm your cousin
pokey
on your mother's side
in turn dot he is he was like he's
house
in atlanta i'm from indiana
and he was actually my uh...
sort of long-lost cousin to the call my mom
and i'll go
a day after
the verify this and
it's true
any sort of
skip town
a long time ago because he was wanted for
stealing cars
and
sort of
dropped off the radar
until then
now but now all of a sudden you're the bad guy for lying about being from
chicago
yeah
exactly that a little bit of an attitude about it did you say i really
like ever. You nervous then? Yeah, I was nervous and slightly embarrassed. Yeah, you were
fibbin. Exactly. And he all said. No, the one in a million chance of you getting called
out on this lie happened. Exactly. So that made you say? Oh, family. Thanks, Mike.
fm you you're on the air
eight on it's matin virginia matin virginia how are you tonight
i'm doing great are you doing on doing okay
i was sick before the show
how are you know yes it to my stomach
i'm sorry to hear it uh... it's all right but you know what
is not uh...
not time to cry
it's not time what i want to my uh...
what my soft
by the way i just want to let you know uh...
The Nelly Tim McGraw song hit number one
on the Billboard pop 100 charts
and it hit number one on top 40 mainstream
and was number 20 on modern AC which I think is some sort of
it's a country format according to Omar
the Scrivener
coming through with that information
well I really hope they tour together
Because that crowd would be pretty often to see interacting.
They will not tour together.
I do not want to see that crowd mix.
Hey, can I suggest an album for you?
Sure.
How about Dutch Country?
That's what it should be.
If I go back to this character Dutch, which I've been working on,
for people who don't know Dutch is a...
It's going to be my one-man show. It's going to be my breakout character, the Vietnam vet
named Dutch.
is a character and he's uh...
for what for when i take my my my thing to the theaters
i do like it like my uh... my uh... whoopi goldberg
that can uh... get out there and i do dutch like on stage like in uh...
like in a uh...
be wearing like one of those jackets like one of those uh...
what are we doing i was like an army exactly an army jacket
and i'll just like patrol the stage
like in just uh...
they go one man show
it's going to be dutch and then dot dutch i decided it may be dutch should be
the first
book i write should be
uh... dutch should be from dutch's point of view
the documentary was going to be called the united states of dutch
and then maybe dutch
i think the country i would have to come after all this stuff
would it be like good should it be like
you know the one figured out the one guy who
the country audience did not fall for
was more than any junior
well mike can you look and see if the more than any junior album is in the
wall
the lp
he had this country he did like these country songs on his record
they did not that's the one that they were just like all right
we're not we're not gonna fall for this
morton dandy jr doing country
hey old man he had a son called old man
where he was like uh...
like this old man was walking down the street
and the kids laughed at him
as he went to the picture show picture
first of all using the word picture show
morn did the record is according to the eighty eight
he's a mort's talking about a picture show
that was when he was already sort on the way down with me he was it was in
the tail end of the more than any junior
the eighteen months i i think more than any junior head about the same shelf life
as the love and spoonful
they had a good eighteen months
what a ride yes
what a ride
you said it exactly so what do you have a story for me uh... sir
yeah i've got probably the tenses family moment i've ever witnessed
it was when i was a kid
My mom's side at Christmas get together, and it's been years ago, but I had two uncles.
One was the oldest of the family, and the other was the youngest, and the oldest was
a ne'er-do-well, and the youngest had become an investment banker, and he helped that older
brother out, like he'd gotten behind on his bills, and so forth, and my uncle had bailed
him out more than once.
they're they're at this get together they never really got along great
uh... people are sitting on having a conversation the youngest uncle
said something and the older
looks at him
he just says
to stop
you are not smart enough to have an opinion on that oh my god
and you know like he owned him like saying it like he owned him
yeah yeah and with with just it was almost uh...
looking just like you know
you're not smart enough and
the room just
dot
did you you're not smart enough to have an opinion on this
cycle
you were well what what was it
i i have no idea what i don't remember what the topic was it's been
so long ago i mean but it was it was not it was not a quantum physics
oh heck no no it it would probably be something about policy also easy with
the language please
easy with the language
It's a throw heck around like
Please it was a family show next thing. I know kids are gonna be saying heck
See I'm saying now now you got me using the toilet language. It's a gateway phrase. I'm sorry. It is it's a gateway phrase not in there
All right, Mike
Can you go to gem G E M M comm see if you can buy it and if anybody will deliver it in the next hour?
The more than any junior I'm just give you a credit card number
I'll bring it next week if I remember. Well, this is that's horrible. First of all, heck is a gateway
swear word
Nothing beyond g for me anymore Tom. I thank you and anyway, that is the most that is the look
I don't care if this guy
Save this guy from a fire
To say that to somebody you're not smart enough to have an opinion on this no no
So he was the one that had been bailed out, and he had to the brother who had helped him.
Oh my goodness, that's ten times worse.
Yeah.
So wait a minute, no, wow, wow, hold on.
The guy who did all the helping was now put down by the ingrate.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He always knew everything except to how to pay his bill.
Well that, that is just completely unacceptable.
I would have punched him in the face.
Oh, I don't know how he didn't.
Like I said the room stopped and I was just a little kid and I looking at him even then
I could tell something's gonna go down.
Was this guy drunk?
No, well he might have been.
I think he might have been a closet drinker, but not my own.
So this guy wasn't smart, this guy was, like you said, he was smart enough, he was smart
if we won't think
had a bailout his uh... had a bailout is a is his little there to well uh...
relative
how to get him out of trouble
money-wise
but when it comes to politics
want to just zip your mouth the right
what you just zip it's stupid
i want to hear you're trying to know not to go down the economics pal exactly
I got this.
Yeah.
Thank you for that call.
That's awesome.
Thanks, Tom.
In a horrible way.
I mean, it's horrible, but it's awesome.
Thank you.
Thank you.
FMU.
You're on the air.
FMU.
Hi, Tom.
This is Liz in Brooklyn.
Liz in Brooklyn.
How are you tonight?
Doing all right.
What part of Brooklyn?
Bed, Stein.
Bed, Stein.
Quality neighborhood.
Unless you're a bus driver, yes.
Well, yes, unless you're a bus driver.
I don't know what that means.
I was going to go back a few months to the summer, I don't know if you remember when John
Edwards admitted that he had had an extramental affair.
I do.
Yes.
I was home at the time visiting my family in the Midwest and I had actually brought a
couple of friends to visit my parents' house, just kind of near a beach, just kind of a
place you would actually take your friends if you were going to bring them
around your parents but they really wouldn't do
but i had done so
and i was sitting at the dinner table with my mom
and and i guess my dad and a couple of my friends from here in new york
and
the john edwards and came on tv and my mom kind of
expounded on how horrible
it could possibly be to have a public figure that lied
and was uh... unfaithful
you mean like this would like
like what you mean like the concept was new to her
yet she did seem to experience that sort of a new
like like a she like she had not gone through this uh... with uh... with uh...
bill clinton
and maybe she had forgiven and moved on
so everybody's as they're kind of like
i mean was she getting weird with it
And she kind of vocalized a bit, you know, she kind of got on a high horse.
But I didn't really, I just heard it ignored her.
But then the next day, she was still thinking about the topic apparently.
And the setting, if you can, is like, my father has gone to bed and it's me and my two friends
and my mother, and we're playing Monopoly.
Okay.
I'm the wheelbarrow.
It's the best one.
So we're playing Monopoly, and my mom says, in front of my friends, right, because we're
all there.
She says, you know, I'm surprised you didn't call me out last night on how much of a hypocrite
I am.
Oh, boy.
I don't like this.
I know.
What does that, well, where did this go?
Well, I tried to not answer that, because there's nowhere that can go.
Yeah.
I was going off and off on John Edwards and I cheated on my first husband with your dad.
Oh boy.
Oh brother.
And what did your friends do when they heard this?
I think they tried to trade for more yellow properties.
yeah they're like let's like who's gonna go play the week now yes that is as
horrible as any of the stories tonight I salute you for that story Liz you have
a great night you too Wow Mike is telling me that when he plays
monopoly. He likes to be the pencil. Is there even a pencil? I guess on my
space, more than Danny Junior, I can play Old Man via more than Danny Junior's
My Space page. Let me try to make this happen. Isn't it weird when people have
of these MySpace pages, like people who are no longer with us, it's like John Coltrane
with MySpace page.
If you were able to ask John Coltrane, it's like, hey, how are things going down on earth?
I'm assuming that there's a heaven and that he's in it, first of all.
That's pretty good. You should check it out. You have 85,000 friends on my space.
What? Yeah, it's this computer thing where everybody's friends on the computer, huh?
Yeah, they got a little thing. They got part of home on your thing. People can
listen to, uh, people can listen to, uh, a little five-minute snippet of home.
Jazz jokes.
So my jazz jokes tonight.
Yeah.
I could, I'll do jokes about anything.
Jazz.
Jazz jokes, jazz jokes.
Jazz jokes. Who wants to hear them? Jazz jokes.
That are ragging some senseless <E.D.>
That's zippin.
Here's old man.
Let's do this.
This guy's a nerve to do a country record.
In that one room shack over there right on the edge of town,
his old guy spent most of his time.
But tonight was kind of special, the birthday time is 89.
So he throws a scarf around his neck and reaches over the corner and grabs his walking cane.
Puts on an old gray overcoat.
Goes out into the rain.
No umbrella.
As he walked on down the sidewalk, someone just hollered,
Hey, old man.
And as he turned the kid through a rock at him,
What?
Brad says, catch me if you can.
He threw a rock at an old man.
But he wasn't going to let this stop him.
Uh-uh.
He had some place to go.
Yeah.
Tonight was the night to celebrate and see a picture show.
I wonder what movies I'm old guy, what movies are you gonna see?
Some folks call him back.
It's weird, it's horrifying that I actually know enough to join in on the course.
What movies is this old man going to see?
Yeah, it's time to celebrate, I'm going to go to the picture show.
See mannequin 2, this old man seeing some heap of garbage, 89 year old man going down
to the movie theater.
Yeah, I'm going to head over to the picture show, see what's playing, see, uh, sudden death
with starring Jean-Claude Van Damme.
What old person goes to the movies?
No, old people never go to the movies, 89-year-old man going to celebrate.
Oh, it was so noisy.
Oh, the movie was so noisy in the foul language.
I think I'm rooting for the kid now, with through the rock.
He had some place to go.
Tonight was the night to celebrate and see a picture show.
what was like a porn theater what if the old guy's going away like an adult
theater
some folks call him beggar while others call him bomb some just say he's a dirty
old man in town maybe he is then the dirty old man in town
you better stop and think about it don't be too harsh my friend in another 60 years or
so you're gonna be just like him I am not going to I'm not going to be in 60 years I'm
not going to be an 89 year old man walking to a porn theater because the kids the kids
old man throwing a rock at him. Some call him a dirty old man. I'm pro, I'm pro
Houdlum on the street throwing a rock at this prevert, driving him out of the
neighborhood.
It thought of the springtime of his years, the joy of days gone by, and he thought of his
His friends and his family, and the tear came to his eye.
But no one seems to care anymore, and you know, he just can't understand.
Seems the only thing he ever did wrong was grow to be a very old man.
A little vocal, uh, grew to be a very old man.
Mort.
That is the one country record that even country fans saw through.
I cannot resist playing a little bit of Hey Mr. Dealer though.
Hey there, Mr. Taylor, ya drunk, pushin' son of a bitch, whoa!
Easy, the toilet language, Mort.
We miss you, Mort.
day. This is, by the way, this is the guy who started everything that's wrong with everything
right now on television pretty much started with this guy. All the garbage. He was the
grandfather of it. Look at this Myspace page. 95 friends. Once the last time the person running
the page logged in. Oh, great. September. Oh, September of 2007. I can't get added.
Got this guy as a friend. Yes, I'm you. You're on the air. Hey, Tom. It's John, John, John
quality caller. How are you tonight? Good. How are you doing? Okay. I have it. I have
something for the topic. What do you have? A little lighter. It's about my grandpa.
Yeah, I had my grandfather on my dad's side. When I was about 14, he was like 82 years
old or so or 80. And he was this guy. He used to be an orphan and then he was like a cop
in Edgewater or something like that or Newark. And then when he was older, he had a bad
liver because drinking and so he would just sit there and drink milk all day
long because he couldn't really like digest anything besides milk and he
would just watch television you know from morning until he went to bed and
his bed was across he was like in a room in a in a big easy chair with like
with the TV on the other side of the room and then across from his easy chair
It was his bed and you basically spent everyday,
sitting and drinking milk,
and watching channel 11,
a couple mash, stuff like that, all day long.
Band-a-di-tah-dah-tah-tah-tah-tah-tah-tah-tah-tah-tah-tah-tah-tah-tah-tah-tah-tah-tah.
So, yeah, so, when I was around,
I'm saying, actually, I was around 11,
and I was babysitting or helping out my aunt
who lived with him, and my younger cousins who were,
like you know really little kids and then we start smelling smoke and we look in
the room for my grandpa's watch the TV and the TV is on fire the TV is on fire
yeah the TV is burning while it's also on okay and so we run over and unplug it
turn it off and unplug it and he's like what are you doing and we're like we
We got to throw this out, Grandpa TV's on fire, you know, we put it out, and he's like,
we got to throw this out.
And he's like, what are you going to do with it?
We're like, we're going to throw it out.
He's like, well, what am I going to do?
We stare at the walls all day.
God.
And we go, well, we'll go buy you a new one.
So we literally just took the TV, you know, after it burned, we just took it out to the
garbage and then immediately just got in the car went to the store bought a new
TV brought it home plugged it in turned it on didn't even like fix the wall or
anything because he just needed television yeah who would just be like
you know completely angry and distraught and like
leaving with rage until the TV was back on again Wow yes intense that makes
That's one of those moments where you just go any go you do it go. Oh
Family John junk you are a quality caller. I salute you and you have a great night. Thank you Tommy
If you go to Morton Danny jr. Dot-com this is the most disturbing site on the internet
There are a pair of Morton Danny jr. Floating heads on it. This is the cheapest looking site
I've ever this is like who designed this Steven glass
This is a jucked micronics.
I will have nightmares about that floating head at mortondannyjr.com.
Mortondannyjr.com.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi, this is Mike from Manhattan.
This is Mike from Manhattan.
By the way, the topic is, oh, family, and we are taking calls over at 201, 209, 9368.
for those things that uh... with that your family did or said
that makes you just go
whole family do you have something for us mike
yes i do
um... let's hear it
i was uh... i guess
a precocious child and i had to have been around
ten or eleven
and i've been watching cnn and there was some story about yes or error fact that
i found interesting i guess
and so i tried to engage you know a discussion with my cousin who's about
two years my junior
uh...
and so i said uh...
did you hear about your air fat and my cousin turned to me and he says
michael you are obsessed with baseball
uh...
that's a good one
that's a cute one
yeah it's like kids of the darndis things yes
that makes you just go
That's like an art link letter one.
Yeah, not like some of these other horror shows that people are talking about.
It's Rockwellian.
Yeah, people doing thing of racism, humiliation, hatred.
Yeah, I just wanted to keep it in the vein of the family program.
Well, Mike, I appreciated you respect the fact that this is a quality program and it's a family program.
This show, I literally, again, I've said it before, I envision listening to this show right now.
grandpa grandma mom dad
uh... uh... uh... uh... a billy and uh... and uh... duty
and the dog uh... scamp
and everyone is sitting there
wondering why this guy is playing more than any junior sand clips
all of them
from seven
to ninety five all wondering
why he keeps talking and wondering what jucked my chronic says
and uh...
why he keeps playing more than a junior songs
thank you for anything more wholesome
there isn't
exactly you have a good night young man you too
fm you you're on the air
a good evening thomas
well yes
uh... frederick newport richie again
and you know in their frederick
all right
uh... i don't know if this is the guy from newport richie
can't afford it
yeah yeah
anyway i uh... how was christa how was uh... thanksgiving
newport richie style
but it wasn't bad it wasn't bad
uh... we had
wild turkey
uh... of all the kidding we had regular turkey too
uh... we have my sister came down from tennessee and the kids were around and
it was probably i don't know
ten twelve people hanging around and you fire in the backyard is pretty pleasant
a fire in the backyard
now you have to burn crosses
everything's giving
well so we thinkful for top
i've known what do you say you're like a cake a cake and i'm only kidding it was
just humor
but speaking of k k i wanted to talk about that work and i need you do you
lecture did you lecture everybody on new port richie history and give a little
quiz
no but i did show the
those little slideshows who's the mayor of newport richie
right now peter altman
good guy
he's okay
as long as you develop
stuff on his property he's a good mayor
and i'm thinking of doing
i'm telling you
i saw this movie street fight the other day
can i guess what it's about it did you see the title is it clear did you see
that movie mike
it's this movie about uh... politics it's not what you think it is all
yet because we have bomb fights down in e-boy city but that's different
bomb fights yeah they pay
bombs to fight people that on
in the al-eagle
<E.D.> on youtube
right with i'm not involved in either of them i'm neither a bomb nor a better
i just know about these things
a new port richy sounds like heaven on earth
It's got a good point.
How many packs a day do you smoke?
Frederick.
About a pack and a half.
Yeah, you got that deep wheeze.
Yeah, well, sorry about that, I mean.
Sounds like a body or do you want it kind of
Morton Downey or something like that?
This is what it sounded like, just so you know.
Go ahead.
I'm going to recreate our conversation.
OK, thanks.
Just listen now.
OK.
Don't interrupt.
Because you talk and then you can't stop.
I get wound up.
So just listen.
Just listen now.
I'm listening.
This is how it went.
Okay.
The boom fights.
I'm either a better or a bum.
Wow, Newport Richie sounds like heaven on earth.
That's what your laugh sounds like.
Alright, well could you give me another one?
one and I'll practice it. No I'm just saying maybe it's time to put the
smokes down. Oh you've probably got a good point there. Yeah I don't know what you
know I know it's maybe a little I don't know maybe it's a little hippie-dippy
you know a little alternative health thing here. Mm-hmm. All right. Yeah.
And Newport Richie sounds like heaven on earth.
I appreciate your health recommendations.
I call for mirth may have in music.
How long have you been smoking?
How long have you been smoking?
Since 76.
All right.
It's time.
32 years.
Yeah.
Have you tried?
Big corporations.
I know.
Have you tried to stop?
Have you tried big corporations? I know, I don't like that. Have you tried to stop?
I can cut back probably
Let's go. That doesn't usually work. This is what we're gonna do
Fred, I'm on it. Fredrick. We're cutting you're gonna stop smoking. Mm-hmm with me as your guide. Oh
Boy, this sounds interesting. Do I should I write something down? I almost hung up on you on that last one
Oh boy, it's such a thing.
So anyway, Frederick.
Yes, sir.
Together.
You're going to stop smoking.
Wow.
You're going to give me some liminal messages or something?
No.
You're just going to be an adult and you're going to grow up for once in your life and you're going to stop smoking.
We're about to have an adult president in office.
He does quit smoking.
Yeah, he quit. You quit too.
What'd you quit? Well, what do you think you're cool? You think you're cool smoking?
Trust me, you're not cool. No, not anymore. It's not cool. Yeah, you probably smell
like an ashtray. Well, yeah, my fingers, I noticed sometimes. Yeah, that's charming.
I agree. Can we get to the Morton Dowings song now? Sure, let's get to it.
Well, I just did a little math where he said the guy was 89 years old. Yeah.
And the kid that threw the rock at him he said you just wait 60 years
Yeah, that means that that kid was 29 years old when he threw the rock at the guy. That's a good point
So there's like some so it's like it's like when funsy was at the end of happy days when he was like clearly
Like deep into his into 20s coming up on 30s like he hanging out with like 15 year olds
Yeah, still waiting to get his driver's license
He had his driver's license, wrote a motorcycle.
Oh, no, I was thinking of the other guy who...
Heave-ho.
Thinking of the other guy.
What other guy?
Hey, he's talking about funsy.
That guy's a handful.
I knew poor Richie sounds like heaven on earth if I'm you you're on the air
hello hi hi Tom this is the first time caller yes so what's your name madam
this is Katherine from West Orange all right West Orange quality town oh 7 0 5
That's right. I just wanted to tell a little story about my dad. It's more of a mortifying
story for me. Not so dark, but he's someone that's always gotten really obsessed with
really bizarre things and everything's a little and he's obsessed with them for a long time
and then it just dies out and he picks up something new. And this particular thing, he
became really obsessed with visiting college bookstores. And this is a time when my brothers
and I were nowhere near going to college,
not something like where we were looking at campuses.
So we would be dragged along on these trips to places
like Tennessee to visit the University
of Tennessee Bookstore.
So really weird stuff.
And eventually his obsession became
to the Penn State Bookstore.
And he became obsessed with Penn State football,
and he became obsessed with Joe Paterno.
I know, it's this big thing.
So I guess I would say.
He knew the schools that he did not go to.
I'm sorry?
No, yeah, he did not go there.
no. So we never quite understood it but we just kind of let it go and while I was
about 13 years old and he planned his family vacation to Penn State for a week
in February. And we didn't have anything to do there. That's the most boring spot
on earth. Yeah there's quite a few pictures of my brothers and I standing
next to knit in the alliance statues. What is that? College Park? Yeah. College Park
Pennsylvania yeah yeah state I think it's a part of the state where there's but
there's nothing going on there no no in the middle of nowhere and every day we
would get up in the morning and we'd go have breakfast and we'd walk around
campus all day long just walk and it's freezing and I eventually realized we're
walking around campus all day long because he really wants to run into Joe
Paterno I know he does yeah and that's why we're traipsing around like this but
doesn't it does have a house
and he doesn't think i just
lives in in that in that town in a normal house you can probably go to his
door or front door
well be a believer not we did
well we're just walking along and all of a sudden i hear my dad
screaming across campus
a coach a coach he's screaming it
i just want to fall and just want to crawl into the ground and die even as
like a 13 year old kid.
I knew this was so horribly embarrassing.
And he's yelling and he's running after him.
So the coach starts running sort of away.
You guys have a briefcase
and he's sort of running away from my dad.
My dad is still chasing him, yelling, hey coach.
And so my dad starts yelling.
He starts finishing up.
I say, hey coach, how about a picture?
He keeps yelling.
How about how about a picture?
So Joe Baterno kind of stops
he kind of like looked like you know points to his watch like I really don't
have time for this uh-huh and now I'm just begging him like dad please leave
him alone please come on but my dad just kept begging for it and he did and he
stopped and he took a picture with us and all of us are standing there my dad
is taking the construction he's not even in it and all of us are just standing
there with these horribly so if I look on our faces like our mouths are dropped
Open this is what I'm going to ask you. Do you have that picture?
Yes, and it's my dad blew it up to an eight by ten and he sent it to Joe Paterano and asked him to sign it
Did you ever get it back got? Yeah, the guy signed it and wrote to a great group
Do you currently have it? Yes, it's hanging up in my parents house. Do you own a scanner?
Yeah, you need I'm
I have it up on my Facebook actually you do. Are we friends on Facebook?
No, but will you will your friend me if I send you the picture? Oh, oh
Look, I'm telling you right now. What is your name again? Madam Catherine Catherine and you're in West Orange. Yes
Catherine I
Keep this Facebook as private as private can be I
The my space is wide open everyone's allowed to be my friend over at my space
The Facebook is a personal thing. You know what you're in you're in it Facebook
If you'll have me if you will have me. Oh, I would love to have you. I do love this picture
It's it's embarrassing and my mother hate it because she's wearing the most hideous pants in it
And my dad just won't take it down. Hey coach. Hey coach. How about a picture?
It's a great moment where you know that if he didn't get the picture your father would have hated Joe Paterno
No good blah blah blah we come all the way down
and he didn't even have one minute to take the picture,
remember, like mumbling.
Probably.
Yeah, and meanwhile, Joe Paterno,
this is not a personal appearance.
You need my dad's life.
Oh, that's nice though.
Yeah, well, it's definitely a memory that we think back now
and we always laugh about it, but at the time.
Why did your dad become obsessed with Penn State?
Like, where did that come from?
well i think when when i was younger i think his company sent him on the
seminar like
for a little but that's where a few days are
maybe for like a week or so at penn state and he came back at that that
huge huge fan
well i think joe peter now
pretty stand-up guy
all why do you do i think he's great but like one taking back from from the
seminary you know it was
so paternal biographies all the time
you know just reading up on him constantly and
And he still loves Penn State football to this day.
It's his favorite thing.
He's favorite thing to watch.
But it just was kind of strange, because it was strange for me.
I couldn't understand it, since he didn't even go to that school.
Catherine, this is the best call I've ever gotten.
They do not.
The best call this show has ever gotten is this call.
I'm about to, I'm on the verge of tears, because your thing is funny.
Thank you for saying that I was so nervous to call in.
Your story is funny, but it's touching.
And I thank you for calling.
And please contact me through Facebook and I will.
Please do it right now so I can look at this picture now.
OK, I'll see what I can do.
OK.
Thank you.
See what you can do.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, Tom.
Hey, who's this?
This is Mary from Brooklyn.
Hey, Barry.
Mary.
Mary.
Yeah.
Hey, Mary.
i'm a girl
that's a i thought you said berry
now it's very
look i know that ladies and and gents have the same names these days whether
it be chris or uh... or uh... you know a drain or whatever
i don't know if there are enough berry was the next
the next line that
okay
okay you got me there now are you very how are you married
i'm really good i'm having a good night i came home from work and my husband had
dinner made for me so that's really oh that's nice yeah it was and now I'm
listening to you so it's all good it is all good so what do you have for the
topic um I have had I can't I can't beat Catherine obviously um but for you
can't tell you that call right there no one can beat that call I know I'm not
even gonna try that's what I'm saying call the year when that when we do the
at the award show the best
showing w f m u best on w f m u awards
that's the front runner for for call the year
i know halfway through it i was hung up
i just you know won't let you i'm glad you hung on mary
okay well just tell you just relax just realize
just realize
you're out here you're playing um... you're playing a little uh... game of three
on three basketball with your friends
yeah and then uh... uh... labron james just got on the court
and he did it did it did his magic and then does handle the ball back to you
and i think that's the story of my life no pressure there's no for there's no
competing with that
that's not even a competition
i know i know i know
uh... yeah i just had a i just had a really short
um... small
uh...
last Thanksgiving i have this cousin who's just
he's just all he's really weird and he's just on a totally other planet and
just
it just drives everyone crazy anyway he came into
and my mom had been cooking all day
uh...
he comes in he goes into the kitchen and he says to her
if they're going to be dessert later
my mom says yes
and he's like oh cool
you know if they have time here
like it's a restaurant
did
as if just like, yeah, what are you going to order?
Oh, yeah, like you're just ordering up.
Do they have pie here?
Yeah.
Oh, family.
Say it.
Oh, family.
Oh, family.
Thank you.
Oh, family.
OK, bye Tom.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi, this is Christmas Story.
Christmas Story?
What?
Chris in Astoria.
Chris in Astoria.
OK.
How are you, Chris?
Short one for the topic.
Let's hear it.
So I was at my girlfriend's family, and I know some of them, and I don't know others of them.
And a sister of hers brought a two-year-old kid who, first of all, just had the most unfortunate spike tear I've ever seen.
Okay, like whatever age it's okay to put like pomade in a kid's hair
Mm-hmm. This kid was pomade. What is this old brother? Where art now? I don't know. It was you mean gel
Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's not pomade not pomade. What did a dapper Dan man?
Kid with a little dapper Dan man
It was pretty dapper. It was sharp hair.
Alright, so this young man is there and then keep going?
So, there's two groups of Thanksgiving. There's after the meal. There's one group having drinks and talking.
The other group is watching TV and entertaining the little spike-tared kid.
Uh-huh.
And the mothers in the other room, so we're kind of keeping an eye on them.
And he's there's not really a lot of toys there, he's like playing out of with like things from the aquarium
Little
Duchess to the aquarium sure like which is is it risky stuff?
No, just you know, like the little scuba scuba guy and pebbles and stuff, but in the in the tank though
Is the tank filled with water and fish?
Uh, well, it's it's out of basically the you know the cabinet of the supplies. Okay
They're just trying to make sure he keeps stuff out of his mouth, but, so basically keep an eye on him and he gets in the stuff and he'll take it away from him and I feel like it was a good hour of just keeping a good eye on the kid and we'll lose him for 30 seconds and there's just a stream in the other room and he's found a box of firewood and is running around with a hatchet.
30 seconds of turning your head away, and he manages to get his hands on a hatchet.
Yes, well alone, I don't know why their firewood had nails in it, but it did.
I think they're chopping them telephone poles.
Right.
Right.
Yeah, that's it.
Well, you know what?
It makes you say what?
Oh, family.
There you go.
Thank you.
That was a great call.
This is a heartwarming show.
That just means it's doomed.
It means his final hour is going to be a disaster.
It's too warm.
Just got an email.
Dear Mr. Sharpling, Peter Yarrow of Peter, Paul, and Mary is going to be performing a
free concert next Friday in Mendum, New Jersey.
I was wondering if you would be interested in interviewing him on advance of his visit.
We may have time to stop.
Can you imagine? They said he may have time to stop by the studio.
You imagine if I had Peter Yarrow up here?
That'd be the funniest thing that ever happened in my life.
Hey, we got Peter Yarrow here on the best show on WFMU.
Very exciting. They have him in the studio.
Peter, tell us about, I don't know, Puff the Magic Dragon.
I don't know what, I would have no idea what to ask this guy.
maybe I'll have them on remember when they did that one song there was like they were
like sticking it to rock music it's like I dig rock and roll music it's like yeah we're
gonna we're gonna show rock what we're gonna show rock that folk is not going anywhere
And then all of a sudden, it's like, they turn around and it's like, wait, folk did
go somewhere away.
Yeah.
They fast-forward this guy is doing a free show in Mendum, New Jersey.
Wait, maybe Rock had a point.
Yeah.
Mike just said, keep asking him about Bob Dylan.
The current stuff.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, Tom.
This is Martin from medical.
For medicine quality call or how are you tonight? Good. How are you doing? All right?
It is a fun topic. Yeah, a lot of good stories
Yes, there are a lot of good stories
Think I have I sort of have one, but I'm ready for I'm ready for Martin feel like around my in-laws
I really have to to watch what I say cuz everyone almost takes it the wrong way
If you disagree with them reach if you just have a differing opinion about something
It could be anything about like, you know
Of course their cars or and that this
Giving I I brought up at the table. It's like anyone see the the coming attractions for
That's the wrestler that movie. Yeah, and which stars Todd Barry, but by the way
Yeah, I think that's like the highlight of the film probably. Oh, I think that's gonna be a good movie
Yeah, yeah, I talked to a couple of people who saw it said it was great really. Yes. Okay. So at the table
I said, yeah, it looks like a total Rocky Balboa rip off
And but then they were like, you got a problem with Rocky Balboa. I was like, no, that's not what I said
I said that it looks like it ripped it off. It's like
They thought I was I was I was bagging on Rocky Balboa, which they thought you know
How that Rocky Balboa contains one of the dumbest lines in the history of cinema, which
is this computer simulations got people talking because that's the way that was the end to
get rocky back is that they were running computer simulations of fighters on ESPN.
computer simulations got people talking
really
anybody cares about compute
did you see the computer simulation said uh...
said rocky bubble would be mason the line dixon
in a fight
there at their peak
is well say about rocky bubble
i saw that i was in an unusually emotional mood
i went to the movies that month
It was December, was that December of last year?
That that came out?
Yeah.
I think that was 06.
Whatever it was.
It might have been 06, yeah.
I saw that.
I saw the pursuit of happiness.
I saw one other thing.
All these movies.
They were all catching me.
I was like an old blubbery after these things.
Then I saw some of Rocky Balboa on TV.
The worst thing I ever saw in my life.
Yeah.
saying myself what
what was going on in my head
in december of two thousand six
where i was like
touched by this
this uh... heap of garbage
it was like it was like thirty five minutes long also
thought i was trying to defend myself
with that and they were never still
uh... defending rocket ball ball was saying that
well wrestling is fake
and boxing is real
and i was like but it's still and then i had to then i just had to correct them
but but they're both movies yeah they're both there is no one actually named
rocky bob boa
oh martin it makes you say what
oh
thank you
there are two hours into the program two hours
Here on WFMU East Orange WXHD Mount Hope worldwide on the World Wide Web at WFMU.
Oh, R.G.
I went to see the James Bond movie Quantum of Solace.
I was a huge fan of casino royale
So I was very excited about it the continuation of the Jane Bond
rebooting
Holy moly, what was that?
Did anything even happen in it?
That was the weirdest thing I ever saw.
It was like a non-movie. First of all,
look, I liked Casino Royale a lot,
but I didn't memorize every character from it.
Like they're dropping characters into
a quantum of solace as if these are like classic
characters who everybody remembers. I can't remember who these people are.
like James Bond movies
it goes this is the order things James Bond
underneath him the people who work with James Bond
underneath them the villain
like that's the order things and under that is everybody else
I guess and at the top of everybody else it would be the Bond girl
that's all I'm expected to remember in this movie
James Bond, Q or M or whoever they're going to put their Miss Money, Penny or whatever
or not, whatever is in the movie.
The Bond girl and the villain.
I don't know who this other guy is, like is Mr. James.
What's going on?
Who's that?
What am I supposed to study up before I see this thing?
And I didn't know what was going on in those stunts.
There's like an airplane fight in this movie.
I still cannot tell you what was happening in it.
He's flying a plane, another plane starts shooting at him, he starts going down, then
he starts going up, then the other plane is doing something, and somehow he lands or something.
I have no idea how he beat the other guy.
i don't know what it what i didn't know i did what it was
and the same thing as car chase i don't know what's going on
can't tell what's going on car chase
the plane thing was insane i don't know what that was
and this is a thing the poster
this poster shows him uh...
him it shows james bond walk in uh...
like a walking over a hill
holding it like a machine gun
am i am i am i wrong on this
that um...
maybe we can put that scene in the movie
maybe he can be walking around with that machine gun in the movie
it wasn't a painting of jay you know it wasn't some
artists rendering of the movie where it's all are you know it's this all
it's clearly not real it was an actual picture
of daniel craig walking around holding a machine gun
and why i went when he can take the machine gone out
and the song
that song
sky jack uh... jack white when the when the thing came out in the song like
was used in a co-commercial ahead of time,
and he was all mad, he's like,
people are hearing the song
in the context that I didn't want to hear
them to hear the song in.
Trust me,
that song was bad for a co-commercial.
You were disgracing co- commercials with that song.
People, you should apologize to the people
at the coca-cola corporation
for uh... for uh... uh... turning in that that stink bomb
as that that has to be the worst james bond theme
and this is a movie franchise where
aha has done songs
through aha did one
at one point gg alan was supposed to do one but then he passed away
he was going to do one for gold and i
recording it on a boom box
that would have been the best james bond theme
look the next james bond mother
this was like a continuation of casino royale was like
we need to wrap up what happened to casino royale do we
do we these movies are kind of episodic
we've kind of gotten used to that
will all be okay if you just pick it up a year later
and he's james bond
but they just pick it up and he's like still on the case from the previous
one
in the net i'm sure the next one i hope the next one
will actually start later and have him just be james bond
that i won't start five minutes after this one
it's a mood it's like
i'm glad they first of all
anything's better than roger more anything this guy
creams roger more in the worst moment in this movie
is better than the best moment in the roger more
well you must understand that i'm james bond
judo chop
i'll meet you with the ski lodge
him with skis with his dumb ski goggles
Roger Moore but at least those with this James Bond is like he's always all crazy
and depressed splash some cold water on your face your James Bond FM you you're
on the air
a time
i was this
uh... spent
and from
jersey city
and from jersey city quality caller
actually first time caller but
that's okay
uh... first time caller how are you been
i'm doing good a little nervous but doing all right i'm just relaxed just
relax
but uh... actually have one for the topic let's hear it what do you have
It's just a short one.
So my mom, when I was growing up,
she had this really old Volvo.
And I was always almost embarrassed by it.
It was like really kind of a hunk of junk.
And so she picked me up one day at school
and gave some of my friends a ride home in it.
And I guess the catch to this story
is that the bottom of the vehicle had rusted out.
Uh-huh.
So there was just the thin thing of fabric
keeping you from the bottom of the road.
From like literally the street.
Yes.
That you're moving over at a pretty fast pace.
Yes.
So if you were driving at a high speed,
it would literally flap.
So she warns everybody about it and then proceeds to drive recklessly, telling everyone to hold on tight and, you know, telling everyone to brace themselves to not fall out of the vehicle, therefore somewhat, you know, scaring everybody.
But the funny part was that I was kind of shy and my friends all thought my mom was
real cool.
So it was kind of like an inn to make some friends.
Well that's good.
At least it worked in your favor and everybody survived.
Yes.
No limbs lost and whatnot.
Ben?
Yes.
You have placed your first phone call to the best show on WFMU and it has been a success.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you and welcome to the club.
Well, great. Have a good one, Tom.
FMU, you're on the air?
Hey, Tom. It's Spoonie, Brooklyn. How you doing?
It's quality caller. How are you, Spoonie?
Doing good.
Well, Roger Moore reminded me of this.
Yes.
My great aunt was a huge Roger Moore fan.
um yeah she why she well she only like two things she was an extremely angry
person the only two things she liked were Abba and Roger Moore every week we
had to visit her I'd watch Abba videos and Roger Moore movies look you want
to know what your aunt sounds all right in my book over the yaba this kind of
goes on though. Like I said, she was an extremely angry person and a couple weeks
ago I had a conversation with my mom about how I said something a little left-handed
like I can see how she never found herself and being such a like a very
malevolent person. Very angry person. Yes. My mom left a drop. We'll call her Ant-Nita.
Okay. My mom left a drop that Ant-Nita just got out of the Marines in the
60 and she had a boyfriend. Found out a little while later that her boyfriend had a wife.
This guy disappears. A couple weeks go by. This guy's wife calls up and he don't want to know
what happened to her or what happened to him. And she just says, I don't know what she's talking
about. He hangs up the phone. So my mom just took it as a foregone conclusion. It might
That my aunt buried this guy in a field somewhere,
and I'm shocked that she never brought this up.
That she mentioned it so casually in conversation
that my jaw dropped.
I feel like I've been putting danger all my life.
Wow, so you've had a,
that's a, it's a, that's creepy.
It's really creepy.
I mean, she, my great aunt looked like Francis
from PB's Big Adventure.
you remember the
best lines by the way
i don't know if this is in the uh... on our uh...
the top movie list of movie quotes
what's the line
fruit please
when he's asking what type of gum the father wants
it's like a little it's like a little fix isn't it yes
it's like a pack of three sticks of gum yes
and p a p we uh... offers him uh...
guy he offers him he's like what what it's like what kind of gum would you
like and he goes fruit please
and he chewed it with such intense yes and then the like the their mouth turned
like black or something
oh that's right and they got theirs
justice was served still the best though still the best movie the timberton has
ever made
he was big adventure
that's true
child-like but uh...
the adults can enjoy it also exactly little unsettling spony
i took my hand to you for this quality call
i think i'm i'll talk to you later have a good night
where's the photo where's the photo where's the photo
A young friend of mine, a friend of the program, a young man named Jake, sent me an article
And he thought would help me, said you're a very unhappy person, Tom.
This will help you, is that a naturally reader's digest is responsible for this article.
Where did it go?
The article vanished.
The article is called, 19 ways to enhance your sense of humor.
What does it...
Why does it disappear?
I start reading it and it vanishes.
I'm going to smash you, readers digest, there it is.
What is the greatest reward of being alive?
Is it chocolate, sex, ice cream, tropical vacations?
Who is this?
This is Kathy from the funny pages, tropical vacations, hugs from children, a perfect
night's sleep, or the satisfaction of a job well done, a thousand people, a thousand
different answers, but one supreme pleasure that spans all people is laughter.
That is the worst, that is one of the worst written sentences I've ever heard.
But one supreme pleasure that spans all people is laughter.
Little can compare to the feeling of a deep, complete, heartfelt laughing spell.
No matter what your age, no, no matter your age, wealth, race, or living situation, life
is good when laughter is frequent.
This is so weirdly written.
is also healthier. Research finds that humor can help you cope better with pain, enhance
your immune system, reduce stress, even help you live longer.
As Mark Twain once said, studying humor is like dissecting a frog. You may know that's
actually not a good Mark Twain impression. I only get it right. As Mark Twain once said
stood in humor is like dissecting a frog. You may know a lot, but you end up with a dead frog.
Nevertheless, we're giving it a try. Here are 19 tips for getting or growing your sense of humor,
based partly on the idea that you can't be funny if you don't understand what funny is,
which is not true at all, they're the funniest things on earth are almost
always created by people who don't have the slightest idea what funny is, these
are the 19 tips, tip one, first regain your smile, a smile and a laugh,
aren't the same thing, but they do live in the same neighborhood. Be sure to smile
with simple pleasures. The sight of kids playing, a loved one, or friend
approaching, successful completion of a task, the witnessing of something amazing
or humorous. What? Smiles indicate that stress and the weight of the world
have an overcome you. All right I guess that's smiling more. That's number one.
Number two, treat yourself to a comedy festival. Rent movies like Meet the
Parents. Young Frankenstein. It was a comedy festival. <E.D.> Wee's big adventure.
Okay there we go. Monty Python and the Holy Grail. This is final tap,
animal house, blazing saddles, trading places, finding Nemo, reward yourself
frequently with the gift of laughter Hollywood style. Number three, recall
several of the most embarrassing moments in your life, then find the humor in
them. Which is what we've been doing tonight. Isn't that right, Mike?
Now practice telling stories, describing them in a humorous way. We've been doing this,
readers digest. It might take a little exaggeration or dramatization, but that's what good story
telling is all about. By revealing your vulnerable moments and being self-deprecating,
You can help open yourself up to much more humorous aspects of life.
This is heavy.
Anytime something annoying and frustrating occurs, turn it on its head and find the humor.
Sure you can be angry about getting splashed with mud, stepping and I'm not going to read
this.
What, what is this, a nugget magazine I'm reading from?
Is this an issue of gente or an issue of uh, readers digest?
Talk about uh, a stepping in, in something that's on the street.
Or inadvertently throwing in a red towel with the white laundry.
In fact that is probably the most normal response to get mad.
But it doesn't accomplish anything other than to put you in a sour mood.
to find a way to laugh at life's little annoyances.
Read the comics every day and cut out the ones that remind you of your life.
What?
comics. One of those cut out Millard Fillmore. I don't like the comics. Have the comics
ever been funny ever? Is there one comic ever that's been funny? I'm talking about even
in the New Yorker. Those aren't funny either.
Sort through family photographs and write funny captions or one load.
Are you supposed to deface family photos?
Hey look what I wrote on the photo!
Hey you idiot, that's the only copy of that picture.
You drew a bubble coming out of grandma's mouth.
But look what I wrote in it!
Number 7.
Every night at dinner, make family members share one funny or even embarrassing moment
of their day.
That sounds horrible.
When a person offends you or makes you angry, respond with humor rather than hostility.
For instance, if someone is always late, say, well I'm glad you're not running an airline.
Life is too short to turn every personal front into a battle.
However if you are constantly offended by someone in particular, yes, take it seriously
and take appropriate action.
But for occasional troubles, or if nothing you can do, can change the person or situation,
take the humor response, that's right.
sarcastic to the person. And vaguely condescending. That sounds like a way to get into a fight.
That line sounds like it will trigger a fight. If someone's being late, I'm glad you're
not running an airline. I guarantee you're not going to where you're waiting for that
person to get ready to go to number nine sign up to receive the top 10 list
from David Letterman every day via email number 10 spend 15 minutes a day
having a giggling session here's how you do it you and another person and in
In parentheses it says partner, kid, friend, etc.
Lie on the floor with your head on her stomach, and her head on another person's stomach
and so on, the more people the better.
The first person says ha.
The next person says ha ha.
The third person says ha ha ha, and so on.
We guarantee you'll be laughing in no time.
I guarantee that doesn't work ever.
Hey, hey guys, why don't we get it? Let's do a 15-minute giggling session every day
Could you imagine that?
Hey guys who wants a five minutes are gonna have a giggling session
Everybody will we'll meet in the conference room
Everybody just lay their head on everybody else's stomach or who wants to start the giggling
Who wrote this
Read the activity listings page in the newspaper and choose some laugh-inducing events to attend.
It could be the circus?
It's the circus!
Who finds the circus funny?
A movie, a stand-up comic, or a funny play?
Like Schnell.
I heard about a funny play, it's called Blasted,
Which is being performed now.
That sounds like a funny play I would go see, blasted.
Sometimes it takes a professional to get you to regain your sense of humor.
Number 12.
Add an item to your daily to-do list, find something humorous.
Don't mark it off until you do it suggests Gene Robertson, a humor expert and author of several books on the topic.
Number 13.
When you run into friends or coworkers, ask them to tell you one funny thing that has happened to them in the past couple of weeks.
become known as the person who wants to hear you could you imagine being known
as the person who wants to hear humorous true stories you will regret that hey
everybody just tell me any story tell me humorous stories everybody's got one
no everybody doesn't have one and hardly anybody knows how to tell one you'll
You'll end up quitting your job in three weeks.
You end up doing that.
Number 14, find a humor buddy.
This list is getting insane now.
This is someone who you can call just to tell him
something funny, someone who will also call you
with funny stories of things he's seen or experienced.
I'm jumping number 15, exaggerate and overstate problems.
Number 16 develop a silly routine to break a dark mood
No, so I can't even finish this list so worth it now. I'm depressed from this list on how to get how to be funny
FM you you're on the air
Hey, Thomas Frank from we hawking. How's wrong from we hawking? How are you tonight? I'm all right. How are you doing doing? Okay?
Excellent. I'm coming into the show late
I heard you talking about some some comics like Kathy and how you know they're not funny
And I I jotted down quickly a list of maybe set like face-offs in comics
And maybe if you could tell me which one you think is least funny between the ones I named all right?
I like this. I like this Frank. All right first round. We got family circus versus the lock horns
I'm gonna say the lock horns wins by default family circus. I don't even think is meant to be funny
law corns advances are we going for least funny or funny funny okay least funny
family circus wins we funny family circus or let me circle them next round we
have for better or worse versus BC well should family circus take these on are
we doing this like a tournament chart tournament okay family circus versus be
no if I was it again for better or worse better or worse versus BC for better or
worse wins that next round has Kathy up against Broom Hilda Kathy is worse
than Broom Hilda oh thank God yeah exactly all right and the Gilbert versus
Prince Valiant Prince Valiant yeah very Prince Valiant Sunday one it's not
What's supposed to be funny?
It's not?
Oh!
Oh.
Alright, how about Mama Duke versus Heathcliff?
Heathcliff is less funny than Marmaduke.
Alright, so we'll go to the second round.
Family circus versus Heathcliff?
Family circus is less funny than Heathcliff.
Alright, for better or worse versus Cathy.
For better or worse is less funny than Cathy.
God help me for saying that.
Final, final, final match.
Family circus versus for better or worse.
That's a two-way tie for last.
to wait at the last night i'll count it
thank you
thanks for
fm you you're on the air
eight on this is john in the chicago
john in chicago how are you tonight
i'm good part of chicago
what part of chicago uh... the suburbs actually
so you're not in chicago then
but you you just like you named the closest city
yes exactly
You were reading that article and you mentioned the humor buddy and I actually have a humor
buddy at work and he really let me down today.
You did?
How?
Yeah, we were talking about what we did over Thanksgiving and we were talking about television
And the Kid Rock, the H1 storytellers, came up and I saw a commercial for it and felt
compelled to watch it because it looked like it could be the greatest thing ever.
The Kid Rock storytellers, which is for people who don't know what storytellers is, it's
a thing where you watch, where Kid Rock is on stage taking you through his career, right?
yes i i i i i'm assuming you didn't see it but i did not see it
well
he he started with a uh...
a robed choir coming out singing bar with the bar
really
yeah so it's that you mean like a real i'm sure it's really pretentious right
uh...
yeah
uh... so it's like
the stage if i'm just going to picture that the stage is dark
and then all of a sudden
bought the phone hot
noticing but the a
virada
and there there kind of la
you know they're kind alike
in the jump march
exatal thing
if it's kind of a small-stage enough totake
its intimate
intimate look you know his korea
uh...
so the they open with ball at the bar
and then he uh... you know he introduces himself
and his uh... twisted brown trucker band
and then he just starts going on about how uh...
you know
you know i just want to take a moment to
thank all the black people in the hood
you know that they taught me about the blues and hip-hop
and uh... you know it's really really informed my career a lot
and he uh...
then he he starts playing one of his
new songs
I don't know what it was called, but he's like.
So he wanted to thank the middle of the song.
Yeah.
And he's like, you know, I think that any good rock song can
be slowed down and turned into lose jam.
And you know, this song's got a bunch of filthy, filthy kid
rock lyrics.
And he's like, you know, I'm thinking,
John Lee Hooker would have loved this.
So, that's how John Lee Hooker wanted to hear.
Exactly, he's like, so we're gonna slow it down
and give you a little taste of what this song
would be like, if John Lee Hooker were to play it.
And then he goes into his awful, blues voice
that's just insulting.
I mean, kinda like that.
It's like Billy Crystal doing that character
in from the, like Billy Crystal
when he was doing the the blues character at the New Orleans benefit for
yeah pretty much pretty much except you know what overflowing in the
dole it completely doing that the earnest yeah insane this guy then the
highlight was when he got to all summer long you know that that song got yeah
We told Malabama, it's just this a hunk of junk that somehow managed to squeeze a hit out of
Where it's like for it's like it's kind of like the sample the piano part of where wolves of london
And then also over the top of he puts
There's more of the songs than than you're getting out of it
Because as he explains yes, you know mashups are really big right now, but they're not
They were big nine years ago
He said he's you know, we've been doing this for 20 years, man. I would be at all black basement parties
Uh-huh. We'd be we'd be taking you know crazy classic rock laying it over hip-hop beats
It's a way so he's saying he really broke down those barriers in
1988 when he was combining hip-hop and rock
Yeah, I might I might I refer him to Africa bombada or DJ cool hark doing it
10 years earlier than him DJ cool hark doing it almost 20 years earlier than him
Yeah, but you know every every time he stresses yeah, you know that all his friends are black
Yeah, that's all the only people he hangs out with yeah, I'm sure
But, uh, you know, so he's like, you know, my producer came to me and he's like, you know, sweet home Alabama and werewolves of London.
They really match up great. He's like, Oh, no, man, mashups. That's been done.
But then I had a brilliant idea. I thought, what if we take a mashup and what if I put lyrics in an original melody on top of it?
Because that's never been done.
Yeah. No, that's like, oh, that's like most hip hop songs.
It's like he was he's very pleased with himself. Yeah, maybe he's heard any production by Kanye West or
Or just like going off like the the RZA has been doing that forever
Right. Yeah, it's all hip-hop. Oh
That guy's the worst. How did he actually was I found out that my friend at work
You know, he's the only person I can talk to there that has similar interests
i found out that he loves to rock
that's gross
and he watched it
and loved it
and
i can't look at him the same way
you you shouldn't look at him the same way
your friend is your friend is demented
your friend is the work friend yes your friend needs help
uh... stopping his friend
Thanks for the call.
I'm trying to find this photo.
Catherine just joined her.
There's the photo.
She said just go to photos.
It's the first one.
Not the first one.
It's a picture of you and one of your friends.
Not Joe Paterno
No one could have made that story up
That if anything ever happened it was that story
The phone number 201 209 9368
Did you do any shopping that for a black Friday Mike I
I went to Best Buy on Black Friday to see what kind of bargains there was.
They were out there.
Like all the DVDs were so cheap, it's like wow they're all so cheap and then I'm like
realizing what DVDs they are and they're like they should be cheap, these are all terrible
movies.
it's like wow the movie revolver for only $3.99 oh my goodness the movie first
Sunday for $3.99 on DVD brand new $3.99 is pricey for that movie
Did I ever tell you about my journey to the dark side, Mike?
The time when I, that's right.
I did something wrong.
The time when I thought I could turn a quick profit
and scalp tickets
to something
i'm a young man at this point
i got no money
no money
the years nineteen ninety three
i think it was during the new music seminar
Nirvana
are playing I think it was Roseland
during the new music seminar and you know the new music seminar was this thing
where
was like a convention for college radio
when all these people would come from all over the country to New York City
and sit in lectures where they would listen to guys talk about
how to market your record
and
just ridiculous things they'd have like a keynote speaker would be like uh...
the lurid
would show up and then
make some speech and the people go to a little seminars all day
and then at night all the clubs would be overrun by bands
who also came from all over the country
to perform the showcase shows in front of
people who ran
We're program directors for college radio stations in Iowa.
And they all had these laminated passes
that got them into all the shows.
But one show they weren't gonna get into
was this Nirvana show.
So I got an in on this to get some tickets.
I got 8 tickets for the show.
From like a ticket master machine that I had an in that.
and i know these badges they only let like a hundred people in with the badge
to the to the nirvana show
all these people gonna need their nirvana tickets this is nirvana popular
at this point
all it all happened already the uh... the nevermind and all that stuff
had already happened
so i get these tickets
they were probably like twenty five bucks a ticket
eight tickets twenty five bucks that's i'm laying out two hundred bucks right now
and now i envision
enroll some money over on this thing
and i just saw the picture of joe paterna
it is amazing
it is a four-way tie to see which family member could look less happy
you want to see it
won't you come in mike
and look at this picture
to a good group
best wishes
joe paterno
what do i write on this thing
Look at this guy. Look how unhappy he went. This kid, this little kid don't want to be there.
It doesn't want to be there at all. She's putting on a good, but I think that's a
Catherine right there. I think she's doing it. She's putting a nice smile on her face.
This woman here that clearly does not want to be there. He had the second place is
the little kid in the denim jean jacket. First place by a mile is this guy over on
the left here who looks disgusted and they all look freezing. They're all
wearing like heavy lined coats and wow that's a great picture. Joe
Paterno. Another reason why Joe Paterno is an okay guy I guess. He did the right
thing. So anyway I lay out the 200 bucks for these Nirvana tickets. I got eight
of them. I'm going to roll these things over. I double my money. 200 turns into
400. So I get the tickets. I head to the hotel where the new music seminars
taking place and I instantly instantly realize that this was a huge mistake.
I know nothing about scalping tickets.
What did I think I was gonna do?
The scalp tickets.
I don't know what I'm doing.
I'm shy.
I'm shy. Now I gotta be some loudmouth yelling,
yeah, tickets in a hotel.
I'm gonna be in a hotel lobby.
Navanha tickets who needs them who needs tickets another thing every one of these
people with their laminate things thought they were getting into the show for
free I'm like now I got to explain yeah they're only gonna let a hundred people
in with the passes everybody every well I'll take my chances no one what I'm
I'm telling you, I spent in that hotel lobby hours there during the day with these tickets,
like approaching people at like a total moron, like marble mouth, like do you need a nirvana
tickets for the show tonight?
Now, I got my pass, I'm going to get into the, well I don't think you're going to get
in with the pass, it's, well I'll take my chances.
Well, I got the tickets. If you need tickets, nobody bought nobody bought a single ticket from me.
I spent the entire day in this hotel lobby.
Then finally, it's showtime. I head over to Roseland.
Now I'll sell the tickets because this is where people are going to find out that their
passes don't get them in.
Then I realize mistake number two.
places overrun with real scalpers. Who like know how to scalp tickets. Now I'm
stuck with these eight tickets. And I just like go and I'm like yeah we got
I got tickets here. Anybody need tickets? Guy comes up to me and says get out of
here. Felix just tells me you are not going to scalp tickets here. I am.
And these like threatening guys
This is how these guys are actually making a living scalping these tickets. I'm some piker
Trying to turn 200 into $400
These guys actually this is how they're they're making a living
And I'm kind of messing their system up
and then somehow I like stand up to these guys like now I'm not going anywhere
what was I thinking I have no idea so I'm just like there and these guys are just
like it's trying to scare me now but now I'm thinking about the 200 bucks I'm
going to lose if I don't unload these tickets. And finally, and no one's buying them either.
No one. I'm thinking anybody's buying them from them either. Nobody wanted them. Everybody
thought they were going to get in for free. Imagine, I should have just, what I should
have done. Look, who knew that the things were going to turn out the way they did with
Nirvana. If I, if I would have just left with the tickets, that would have been
the biggest investment I could have made. That would have been the jackpot
leaving with unripped, eight unripped Nirvana tickets.
But I'm there trying to sell the tickets. These guys are cursing at me, saying
stuff about me then finally one guy just goes how much you want for the tickets
like one of the scalpers and then I sell them at half price to him just so I can
get out of there I lost a hundred dollars on the tickets and I ran out I was so
relieved to get out of there with a hundred bucks. Having only lost a hundred
hundred dollars on my adventure and then and then that that ended my ticket
scalp in career. That was it. Never again did I cross to the dark side. FM you're
on the air. Hey Tom it's John from Maplewood. John from Maplewood how are you
I'm doing all right. How are you? I'm doing okay. All right. What's going on?
I'm coming into the show a little late. So I'm not sure. Did you already talk about Stephen King's top 10 albums of the year?
No, I have not. Is that an entertainment weekly? Of course. I'm I'm an addict
Do you have the list in front of you by any chance? I do I
Can read a few of them. Can you go from 10 to 1? Sure number 10
James Hey Ma what who's that the band James oh they have an album out
apparently that's number 10 okay number nine Randy Newman harps and
angels all right that's not true eight Lindsey Buckingham gift of screws all
right look I like Lindsey Buckingham I I don't know that album yeah same here
Al Green lay it down produced by Questlove, didn't hear it, but I'll give them
credit for at least trying to return Al Green to some level of
respectability. Number six, Coldplay, Viva La Vida. That's insane. That's just
that's just crazy. Cold, but what does he say about it? Can you read his description?
I've read reviews that compare this record to you too. It sounds like Coldplay and nothing else to me
I love the title song. It's this year's every breath you take
But the one that lifts me is Violet Hill, so it's rich roofful lyrics
That's all he says about it. Yes. Did you see Coldplay when they were on Saturday night live? I did not
It was nuts. It was like does that does that guy?
I, um, it's like the drummer only plays like some weird, like, single drum or something,
like he's like Mickey Dolan's when they were doing the monkey's reunion tour, playing
like electronic drums.
It's like, how about getting behind your, how about sitting down behind your drum set
and actually hitting your drums for a little bit here?
Any chance?
I've been lucky enough to avoid seeing Coldplay perform at all.
You are lucky.
Um..
These hip-hop guys they love the Coldplay.
Have you ever heard this song called by SWISBETES called Oprah?
No, I have not.
It starts off with that one Coldplay song that's like, I won't rule the world.
You know that song?
I know the Jay-Z has worked with them.
Yes.
He has had Chris Martin pollute his music more than once.
So it's like, it starts off with that
ploot-o-boo-boo-boo-boo-boo-boo-boo-boo-boo-boo-boo-boo-boo-boo-boo-boo-boo-boo-boo-boo-boo-boo-boo-boo-boo-boo.
Coldplay thing, and all the sudden, it's like,
Michael, Jordan, Tiger, Woods, I'm trying to get that Oprah.
Like, I'm just, like, wrapping over that.
It makes it pretty good.
It's actually the only way I could ever listen to that song.
In the infinite world of things to sample, I don't know why.
Yes.
number five alli hundred s
excavated with real animal
all right number four
girl talk to be the animals
okay now the thing is i actually
kind of like that album
uh... that you like it a little less now about exactly when i saw that he
said that this is as dense and elusive as james joise's you let these only
you can dance to it
uh... what makes anyone say stuff like that
don't know if they have space and entertainment weekly they need to fill
yeah
it's like ulysses drive her girl talk
nothing against them
and not ulysses
it is not i think james joece would be a little bit
uh... number three james mcmertray just a kid
all right number two black ice a c d c
the album that you can only get a wall mark
he says if girl talk is rock and rap change choice these guys are rave up
william fockner
and number one
black butterfly buck cherry and break up the concrete the pretenders
at the time
and this guy's got bad taste in music i know but also i mean i didn't even know
the pretenders had a new album out there
that's like that's like weird like
guy out in the woods in new england
uh... taste in music
like the only here's what he you like get to it from like
strange places like the radio station he owns the owner radio station
who steven king yeah
oh god i don't know
that i think i remember him owning a radio station and then uh...
and like so he could only play a c d c all day
I guess that's one way to hear the music you want to hear.
Just get your own radio station.
Young man, I salute you for this call.
Oh, can I have one thing for the topic quickly?
Sure, sure.
OK, so quick family story.
I don't know if this applies because it's not
mortifying to anybody outside the household.
But I was sitting around with my kids,
and we were playing superhero, like, what's your superpower?
And my superpower, I said, was lightning.
And my daughter said that her superpower was lava.
She could cause lava flows.
and we turn my son into which is super power and he said i shoot he's from my
eyes
well that's sweet
it was we disturbing but sweet a little weird yet uh... but still sweet thank
you have a good night
six minutes left in the show tonight
there's been an exciting development
it's a good news bad news proposition
The bad news, Evan Funk Davies fans, you have to realize you will be denied tonight.
You will be denied three hours of Evan Funk Davies.
As soon as in New York, a Rockefeller Center, getting ready for the tree lighting, he likes to be way up front.
He's pressed way up against the gate, the grading, which I think is a wise use of your time.
But for those disappointed, the Lord He takeeth away, and yet He giveth two-fold.
That is from Ezekiel 14, and I just made that Bible quote up.
There's no such Bible quote.
What I mean to say, you will not get Evan Funk Davies tonight, but you will get.
That's right, Todd Ophonic Todd is in the building and he's going to bring you three
hours of the hottest stuff you've ever heard.
show he's got planned tonight. Oh, brother. Look out. We've time for a couple more calls.
Again, I want to thank John Hodgman for coming by last week. December is going to be an exciting
month. What do you think? This is Mr. Brooks thing. Am I going to be able to get this
in in December, Mike? I don't know. I'm going to try. But I'm going to have guests. Guests.
The good shot will get Zach Elphinakis up here.
Get him up.
Got other people.
Surprise guests.
I can't mention.
Mike is going to come in with his choir group.
I do a scene from Schnell.
Who wants to be the final call of the night, 201-209-9368?
Who wants to be the final call of the night?
There are two minutes left in the program, then it's all Todd Ophonic Todd time, then
he takes over, looking very dapper tonight, I might add, sorry ladies, he's taken.
Todd father. No one wants to be the final call tonight. That's disgusting. I thought
I had a powerhouse of a show. Don't even screen this mic. FMU you're on the air. Hi
Tom. Hi who's this? This is Bonnie. Bonnie from Georgia. How are you? I'm good. How
are you doing? Okay. How are how? What do you how was your Thanksgiving? Oh it was
It was really busy.
It was?
Yeah, I have a bunch of school to do, like, homework and stuff.
How school treating you?
It's fun. I really like it.
You like it?
Yeah, so far.
Did you do any Black Friday shopping?
No, I actually had to work the next morning, or, yeah, Friday morning, so I did not.
My family did this.
Where are you working the library the library busy day on black friday at the library
Yes, it was extremely slow are you the person who supervises the computers and tells people their time is up
No, that is the reference department. I'm at the front desk. You're at the front desk. You you are quick with the stamp
That's right not really the stamp, but yeah
Like the laser? Do you have the laser in your library?
I wish. That'd be really cool.
Bonnie, I appreciate you being the last call of the show, but unfortunately the program's over.
Oh, that's okay. I didn't even know what the topic was.
No, I appreciate you calling. Your top notch. And Bonnie, if I don't talk to you, you have a great Christmas.
Oh, thank you. You too.
I can say to you now tune in next week for more Mirth music in mayhem but now
again I repeat Evan Funk Davey's not in the building he is at Rockefeller Center
waiting for the lighting of the Christmas tree I think he thinks he's going to
light it that they're going to let him. But you know what, I'm glad he's not here. No offense. Evan, I love you. I love you. I like you. But you know what? Off the record. This guy cleans your clock.
You know what, I'm just going to step away now. My show's over, his show begins.
It's all yours.