Hey, who's this?
Well, I am Buddy Shale, Governor of Alabama.
Hi, it's, uh, Gerald Perlmutter.
Tom Sharpling, Governor of Party.
Hey, Tom, it's Purple Sir.
Hey, Tom, it's Mark Michaels.
This is Richard Clark, Richard Clark.
What's your name?
Baron.
Baron.
Inside the two.
Firecry.
Maurice Kurtz.
Horrifying.
Hey, Thomas Bruce.
Howdy.
Who's this?
Pinky Vitus.
Ginger Vitus.
Yes, they have Rick Feloni at the wall.
I guess who would.
I hate you.
It's Peter.
Hey, it's Steinberg.
You are creepy, and I'm hanging upon you,
following Roger Depp.
My name is Ollie Fairnock.
I'll say it.
You'll hear it.
You'll do it.
I'll get it.
You'll learn it.
I'll live with it, and you'll die without it.
Mash your trash.
There's a call to people.
Good day.
What's up, Tom? It's the Tristan.
Hey, it's Michelle.
Yeah, Tom, this is Jim Riffle.
How you doing?
When I get to do the toilet talk now.
The vaudeville of the new century.
My name is Tom Riley.
I'm calling from New Zealand.
Hey, man, it's Brian.
Ted, don't stand with that tent pole.
It's a tent pole show.
Hey, this is Tedlia.
Whaaaaaat?
This is Pete from the Future.
Hi, Tom, it's DJ Terry Chase.
Hey, from Knoxville.
Super caller.
It's off the top.
My name is Mike Zajak.
Get off my phone.
I don't care.
Hey, this is it, be calm, man.
I'm going to go to bed now, five, four.
Hey, Tom, it's Gordon.
Hey, Gordon, how are you?
I was in a band in the early 90s, my name's Jerry Page.
Tom, why need this, Jeffrey Ludell?
It's a fat disease, wilder right in the night, isn't it?
The disenfranchised of a home now.
I'm the hero of the disenfranchised.
In your best show, I'm telling you the best show
I'm telling you the best show I'm telling you the best show
I'm telling you the best show
How does it feel when the day is over?
How does it feel when the dark comes down?
How does it feel when you're moving?
It's dark, you're seeing.
How does it feel when you're scared by the dark?
How does it feel?
How does it feel?
How does it feel when the shadow moves you?
How does it feel, what's it like, don't care?
How does it feel when it finally holds you?
How does it feel when you're thinking you're dead?
How does it feel?
How does it feel?
How does it feel when you're waiting for more, and how does it feel, and how does it feel
When you stand down and start to be
Hard as you feel, busting back on your way
Hard as you feel, last night it was over
Hard as you feel, no doubt will see her again
Creepe with me, as I roll through the hood
Maniac lunatic, call me Mike Westwood
Control it in my hand and I'm ridin'
C.J. in the drop-top, bro, hand
Yeah, give us a big wave
We bout to hit the 110 and swoop up
Tone school, the homie chubby Jera
They kicking in old school, you pass me a must-room
C.G. like bad dudes who stop the burnin' time
I'm up to the rots of the bathroom, wait
When we go rolling through LA it's like George and Ralph
Who monster stomping out booze puttin' in their mouth
We're climbing up buildings, rappin' next on a rampage
Punch a tank, eat a prank, make it to the last stage in the bar
Power up, contour, let the pump off
My side gunna blow smoke like spot, hunner
Rappin' at the bar with the tap of more drunk than a little
And you'll probably never see the huntin' river
Up, up, down, down, left, right, kickin' switches with my niggies, shada, winky, gee, all night
Jiggles, my man, <E.D.> callin' sweetie, he's the fast one
Talkin' bout that yellow treatment tryna be the last one
We'll put the bite on a, on a hunt for the duck
We the gunna soon pops, we so here's a court of luck
We'll spend it in one place, straight, pick out the video
We the invaders of space, on top, like a man, though
Let the fan of flop come in and crawl upon
On that race, till we ark, no, it breakin' bricks
Trying to find the mothership I stay on my grind Like kickin' on the road
At in the streets, hit the backspin Break up the fight
Turned up all the beats, wear a woven double dragon On the creep, like Shinobi
I'm walkin' like Simon after dark You don't know me in the streets of rage
Try you and Ken kicking your car With six shields, red five
Leader on your death star
54
Man I got these sweatpants on stereo fire
shells me drinking all night
I'm a Russian, for hire
Jim or Raul Konoski
that's way, they call me
Got a page for
Pc Ab
Recording
Preachin' it to RC, bro.
Don't even know.
Yeah, look at that.
Oh, that's good.
Actually hit me, did I smoke this emote?
And pay a ping-pong all that night, man.
So, if anybody here want to tell them in the game,
ping-pong, I will get in the zags and ping-pong.
Give us some dust.
I'll get a fish out.
Hello?
The old tie is butterflies
How she cries
Can't get through to you
She knows all the charts
Breaks the heart
Thanks a lot of you
Each time you play a melody
It means the up to this little girl
Can you be cruel and regard?
Tell us more about the part
She's there, eyes are glow
Very front row
Don't throw sticks at her please
Don't look away
Sit away
Don't care anyway
But you let her on I see
Just leave her down in her misery
She don't want help from you and me
Can't tell her love from her symphony
It's you who let go I see
Just leave her down with her misery
She don't want help from you or me
Can't tell the note from her simply
Eyes, butterflies
How she cries
Can't get through to you
She knows all the choice
It's a heart that thinks a lot of you
It's time you play in melody
It means you're good as little girls
Can't you be cruel to break a heart
Tell us what we're gonna find
You
I'll be right back in a few minutes.
I'll be right back in a few minutes.
What's not that I'm not just a little blind
So don't you think you're a little blind
Oh, he's right by the taking up the door
I will show the path to doing swag
Come on, you know
Got to know what you're going on
I'll never know Joe
Just ride an eagle
Wherever you go
You'll gotta know
Watch it go
Watch it go
Stand and watch it
I'll tell you
Please
All I call is my normal
Please
Press the building over
Time
All I call is my normal
Line
Some of you know, kind of know what to go
I've been in the dirt, kept my mind in ego
Wherever you go, I'll just go
Yeah, watch this girl, watch this girl
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa
Whoa, whoa, whoa
Whoa, whoa, whoa
Whoa, whoa
Whoa, whoa
You know what's wrong with me
You know what's wrong with me
I know what's wrong with you
I know what's wrong with you
F.M.U. you're on the air.
Hi Tom.
Hi, how are you?
Oh, I'm cool.
See?
Somebody nice ask me how I am.
Nobody asked me how I am.
I'd be the kind of thing if I had a chocolate factory, you'd own it right now.
Would I?
Yes.
I would give it to you for that.
That's like a, that's like a Charlie move.
You just did a little Charlie Bucket move.
Who?
Charlie Bucket.
I don't know if that happens.
You don't own the chocolate factory now.
Get off my phone.
This is the truth of my show
Double U F and U
My show
Double U F and U
My show
Double U F and U
My show
You
Ahh!
Ahh!
Yeah, everybody, Best Show on WFMU back for another Tuesday night installment.
My name is Tom Sharpling.
I'm the host of the program.
The best show on WFMU is three hours of Mirth, Music and Mayhem.
Brought to you by me, Tom Sharpling.
The only radio host who is NOT a convicted felon.
NOT!
oh yeah let's do it 201-209-9368 is the number oh no there's nothing sadder than the
And being here on a Tuesday night and looking down, and seeing that line flashing before
any topic has been put on the table, the only thing scarier is not seeing the line flash.
Oh, I don't like that.
You know what that means.
Something's wrong
Spike everything okay, buddy
Everything all right pal
Well, you know, we must move on.
This is the best show on WFMU with Tom Sharpling, not the best show on WFMU with Tom and Spike.
We are not co-hosts.
This is not a team.
Solo!
I'm doing this thing solo am I gonna regret this call Mike no a confident no
Oh, by the way, Mike, here on the other side of the glass.
Associate producer holding it down each and every week.
One of the unsung heroes of the program.
I salute you, Mike.
FM, you're on the air.
Hey, Tommy, what's up?
Hey, who's this?
This is Petey.
Petey?
Yeah.
Oh, you sound very cogent.
What does that mean?
You sound very, uh, very alert.
Yeah.
what are you doing
we're calling from hazelton
call for some of some clinic
now call for my bathroom
the radio to last
you're calling from your bathroom because the radio is too loud
well i've been in the house just listening around the radio well how are
things with you young man
the good
how about you
uh... that going on right
yeah i was going to fill up the uh... spike position because
i think uh... i called them you know it's better than by calling
i agree you want to know what
thank you p p
you for people who don't know p p
the young man
i'm a friend from tami's high school years
well no you're not that no you're you're someone who used to call this show
uh... in the past when you were a young boy
right
you were a little kid exactly
and
now
i was kind of trouble and Tommy helped me
become a normal person i guided you
uh... your use
and i think i did the same to you as well
not really but but through your don't know i learned nothing from you
I learned nothing from you.
What do you think?
What is this finding forester?
You taught me something.
I learned nothing from you.
Everybody learned something from you.
No, I taught you everything.
You taught me nothing.
So anyway, you used to call, how old are you now now?
You're probably coming up on 12, right?
How old are you, Petey?
13.
You're 13?
Yeah, I'm going to middle school.
You're not thirteen. How old are you?
Seventeen.
You're seventeen. Do you have your driver's license yet?
No, I shouldn't get any later maybe December.
Really?
Yes.
Very exciting.
I'm kind of nervous because I didn't really practice that much.
Well, if you don't practice, you will fail the test.
Not if I do yoga before.
Oh, boy.
Usually when I do that everything turns out okay.
Yeah, I'm going to suggest this.
look. More power to you with the yoga. You got to do downward dog timing. You know what you've got
to do. You've got to learn how not to crash your car into my car. That's what you've got to do.
Last thing y'all for the day. Now listen, I'm driving around. There's some guy. I look, I see
Petey with his foot bent around his neck driving his car into the side of my car. You got to do
You're downward dog is your way to know have I just look you learn how to drive a car
What's that? Even though we're downward dog. Yes, I do
Stop it's a very simple yoga position. Yeah, you should see some of the yoga Mike is a yoga teacher
Did you know that they based it off of a real doggy?
Because like that no I that's what they actually do they based it off a real doggy
when they when they stretch spike where are you where are you spike
how i think i think we could cut spike at the show and i think you know
like never
i can ever bring anything real to the show i should be the first uh...
little guy up there you know is it time you think it's time for us to cut spike
loose
or just let him call later in the show
or maybe even listening to you know exactly maybe you shouldn't be such a
a fixture of the beginning of the show. I'm sure that it's a turn-off.
Yeah.
To hear that guy, he had to begin for some people.
I'm starting things off.
What's that?
I'm starting things off.
I didn't know.
Zach, you're getting the ball rolling. We're starting off like champions.
Yeah.
We're in trouble.
So are you starting to think about college now, Petey?
Young Petey?
Yeah, I've actually been applying it some places.
Well what type of schools will you be applying to?
I just look for the cheap schools.
all right like you know in the city pretty good you want to go to the cheap
schools like what apex tech
so I'm going to maybe a hunter all right yeah look you know I think I can make
it on my own Tommy without them taking all my money you know I'm more I make
it in the big industry I'm with you buddy I'm with you you're getting
argument from me
i'm not a slob i mean i'm not a snob going to these uh... harvard uh...
ivy league schools
i know man
you went to a good uh... cheapy school i'm joe lunch pail i'm out there
i'm a ham and egger
i'm paying i i i learned on the streets
and some day we'll be able to uh... we'll trade script on and we'll make all the
movies
yes we'll trade script to make all the moves are a p p mike is telling me he's
had enough of you
uh... or hold on hold on p p hold on
fm you're on the air
com
hey you're on now with uh... that we've got spike on with uh... tom and p p
now
it's like
well i used to watch an old uh... action cartoon uh... japanese and
a guy who's called Spikeu, but in English his name was Spike.
How about I say I'm going to be in a movie I take it?
Yeah, if you want.
Oh, nice.
What's the name of it?
What do you want it to be named?
What do you want it to be about?
Oh, let's see.
Spike takes over the world.
Okay, what would happen if we spike the spike?
Yeah.
What would happen in this movie?
Oh, well tonight, get rid of all the cradons,
and the degenerates, and the perverts,
and the weirdos of the world.
What do you, Travis Bickle?
Yeah.
No, yes.
I have always liked that movie.
I've always liked Travis Bickle.
Travis Bickle is a positive influence.
That's what this movie is.
That was a good movie.
Cabbie.
Bambie?
No.
Hey Cabbie.
That movie with Travis Bickle.
Yeah, sir, huh?
That's taxi driver.
That's taxi driver.
Yeah.
Wait.
Was it called Taxi Driver?
I think that was the sequel.
The first one was called Hey Cabbie.
Yeah.
No.
It's called Taxi Driver.
Trust me.
I know best.
No.
Of course.
Look.
I've seen Taxi Driver 150 times.
Yes.
I like to shut up.
Oh.
But the first one was called Hey Cabbie.
Really?
Not according to my books.
What books do you have?
Well when you David...
Books about movies and...
David Thompson, Hevo!
Hevo!
Had no time for this.
Taxi Driver was a sequel to a movie called Hey Cabbie.
by Stanley Donan. FMU you're on the air. What's good Tom? What? How is Jersey City? FMU you're
on the air. Hello Tom. It's Julie from Cincinnati. We're burning through a
wall today. How are you tonight Julie? Real good. Have you really seen taxi driver
No, I've seen it three times.
Oh, I've seen it a few times.
Three, perhaps?
What?
Have you seen it three times, maybe?
Um, no, only once. I was trying to brag, though.
I liked it.
Good. It's a good movie.
Yeah, it is a good movie.
Did you ever see hangmen also die?
I did not.
I did not.
That's the best movie I've ever seen.
Hangmen always die.
Also.
Hangmen always die also.
No, hangmen also die.
Then who is in that?
I don't know.
Okay.
It's from Fritz Long.
What's that?
Fritz Long.
Um, I have no idea what you're talking about. Let's talk about tequila. Did wait, can I say something? Yeah
I
uh tequila can make diamonds
Okay
Thanks. Oh, thanks for the cold Julie. It's great. Hey mike
Um if you go to the back end of the studio or the you know where the CDs start that in the D section
If you look for under Davis slash miles, it's called Pangea.
I think we're going to need that tonight because this one's already off the rails.
You know what?
No, it's not off the rails.
I take control.
I got mom driving the bus, not Spike or Petey or Rajuli.
We just heard from the Hank 4, hot hot stuff from the Hank 4.
There are new albums called Refuge in Genre, and we heard my anger on the Silpreeze label.
Has any label in the history of mankind ever made the bounce back that the Silpreeze has
made?
I think not.
Before that, the who?
From their album The Who Sell Out bonus, actually it's not from The Who Sell Out, it's
one of the bonus tracks on the CD girl's eyes
written by mike
stumped
keep moon
for that people are under the stairs
their new alms called fun dm c
and we heard gaming on you
and it's on the very impressive
gold us media label
starting us off halo flies
how does it feel to feel
the hit single
that was not a hit single actually
that's it's from the music for insect minds uh... uh... compilation of all
their stuff
on the amphetamine reptile label
alright tonight's an important show a lot of a lot of stuff going on tonight
a lot of stuff this is this is not uh...
this is not a joke tonight
i'm not here for jokes
serious business
serious business
remember we talked about a rudeness
holding doors open
first of all go away that i got hit in the face of the door today
literally
a kid
i was walking far four feet behind this kid i was at penara bread
my pre-show ritual
go to the penara bread on route uh... twenty two in uh...
spring field new jersey
let me say right off the top this penara bread on route twenty two in spring
field new jersey
is a class Panera Bread. Everybody's polite, it's clean, the orders come fast, well prepared,
5 star Panera Bread. They are on it here. These guys and gals running this Panera Bread,
pride in it. I salute you Panera Bread on Route 22 in Springfield. So I'm walking
out. Door hits me. Little kid lets the door go boom. It actually caught me by
surprise. It's like there's no way this kid. This kid was walking as if I was a
a ghost
if it was uh... uh... six cents
i'm just a ghost apparently
right in the face
door hit me
i thought what am i dealing with it was that ronnie ahead of me ronnie from uh...
role models
ronnie as portrayed by bobbie j thompson
so role models by the way
good stuff
i took my hat to uh... role models
and the the people behind role models
very touching is a very it was very a weirdly touching movie i am a soft
touch sometimes for things like that
Where I find myself getting like touched by something where it doesn't it doesn't
Shouldn't touch anybody
Also, and I find myself
Getting touched
That hurt I
Did not cry I was moved though
role models
could have done without the gratuitous nudity though
so there's a there's nudity in this thing
there's no way
as new to the head of the movie could have easily been made
without this nudity
it's almost like they put it in there because they realize they were
going for an R rating
like wow we might as well keep going with this
it's like when you watch that uh... john mccain uh... porno movie he did uh...
wedding crunchers
that's the other thing
that should have if i was broke obama during the debates
i would have said two words to this guy
mccain or said wedding crunchers
but crashers is wedding crashers
this guy appeared in this thing there's like a porno movie
you can have the president
you know in our movie
movie approve of promoting the the filth
and then the uh... the uh... the uh... the
the submerging of our of our society
what are they going to show that at the inauguration
bring the cast of wedding crashers up there
who's this guy going to put on on his cabinet uh... cabin smith
secretary of state
These are the choices.
David Dobkin, gonna be Chief of Staff.
Vince Vaughn, what's he gonna make?
Vince Vaughn Secretary of Defense.
Thank goodness that guy didn't get in.
Talk about bad judgment.
That's some of the worst judgment I've ever seen.
i think he would have at least done uh... dodge ball
he's going to do any movie
made hardly the the kid from uh... drill bit teller who i uh... hung up on who i
gomped
appeared in uh... in uh... role models i i like to extend the olive branch
to unite hardly
you're all right
i apologize young nate hardly you're all you're okay you know what i don't
apologize
you are in it
you you you cut me some uh...
a year you earned yourself a little bit of a of a leeway
fm you you're on the air
eight on how's it going it's going right who's this
on my name's ben
san francisco ben from san francisco how are you tonight
actually really good glad to hear
uh... the reason i'm calling is because normally i listened to the show on the
podcast which
unfortunately means you don't get to hear all the
intro music which is
usually amazing
and uh... so i one week i listened to the show live on the internet
and i heard uh... guess i'm dumb
yes by glenn kennel
that changed my life that was that i mean i i had to get the song obviously i
had to
you know there's a clip on youtube if i'm on some tv show playing it and
and then i got into a whole beach boys thing from after that which is just
i mean i've listened to the beach boys all my life but it was
i mean do i mean
the that it kind of reignited things for you
yeah yeah i wanted to go back and i you know and then also it's a correspondent
at the same time with that that Dennis wilson
thing came out
pacific ocean blue
yeah i kind of like that
pretty good it's not it's not great
well this is pretty pretty uh...
wrecked by the the boos at that point
i mean i look i i i i nobody likes uh... the beach boys more than i do i paid
my dues
with the beach boys when i was back in high school i'm hunting down uh...
sunflower
you think everybody in school had a had a uh... a laugh at my expense
now i could i'd not now i totally understand that i mean before it was
like you know i was a kid i looked into the beach boys and it was like you know
everybody comes up and i like that a lot
but it just didn't even occur to me that you know i had was at the endless
summer record
and there that there that picture them on the cover and it's like or that the
art
rendition of them and it's like
they've got beer today look pretty
they don't look at the way you would assume that they would look having made
that music so i should have known that there was something there something was
going on beneath the surface and for people who don't know
guess i'm dumb is a uh... song it was a single that glenn Campbell did
it was produced
and written by uh... brian wilson
right
he did and i also got the the american spirit stuff but not american spring
i'm sorry yes
and that and but the other reason why i was calling
which was ryan wilson's wife
yeah yeah
and uh... that's that's amazing too i love that stuff it's great
uh... but uh... the other reason why i was calling was because
you talk about mad lib and you said how much you like mad lib and
i too really really like mad lib yes and i i too
kind of mess around with the records and the sampling and the keyboards and
the
you know in a
in a way that
is just pretty personal i don't try to
promote my music or so i'm using like that
so i was wondering if you did that
and how
would it be possible to hear it
you're doing well i don't do it
so it would be impossible to hear it okay there it is because it doesn't want
you put stuff on the show like bumper music look if i did it
I'm telling you right now, a message to all musicians, if I did it, if I enter the music
game, you're all out of business, I'm telling you, I got songs in me, you should hear the
stuff that I have in me, that I just say you know what, not in this lifetime, I'll save
it for the next one.
You don't even do it for your own enjoyment, for your own pleasure.
yeah i don't i don't have time
i've got my own i've got my own uh... mission
music is not a part me making music is not a part of it but if
all the sudden the calling came
and i got into it
look out
well i would love to hear it said i'd just love to hear that i'd be great
because i mean i know if they do it from knowing what i know about your music
case and
if you like madman i'd love to hear that hyper like whoa i'd like to hear what
but that would be all that
do you know the song pizza party
uh... no i don't think you want to eat just a glimpse
into the fact
into what i could do with music
i wrote a song called pizza party a while back
instantly impromptu it was like jazz
was like jazz songwriting
these jazz guys they don't write that stuff out uh... uh... in the moment
they sit down and they write one that when uh...
these guys when they do racial hit you gotta you gotta write it down and record
it or you know otherwise it goes away
when they get
but i wrote this thing pizza party
as if it was just
jazz songwriting
is it with samples or is it just
just you instruments live instruments
it's everything
okay cool it's everything
it's kind of my uh... born to run
oh okay
well i think it's just i i wouldn't
i would love to hear what you i mean
you know i guess i'd like when i hear other people who i think have
you know musical ideas that i think they're cool
and i know that they're into that sort of thing
you know i'm always curious what what comes of it just because uh...
you know mad lib is just for me i mean
i don't know what i heard it is just like oh my god what the hell is this
is a genius
i mean unbelievable and it's like he you know
and then the whole mad living in the uh... that the jay libs uh... you know i
mean look i'd run all the all these guys would be uh...
working at the uh... tire store
fine to the game
i entered the game
they're all working at the tire store you better get ready all of you
i entered the music game
ted leo
going to be asking you uh... or what size tires you want
all of you
all of you
will take time i really appreciate it i will i will go and look for pizza party
and
yet that's it man thank you thank you for for uh...
yes i'm dumb love it
now i uh... you're welcome
if i'm you're on the air
it's going on and uh... i was wondering
at first i'm on a call a long time listener you're too bold you're too bold
i don't like that
Where'd that boldness come from, Mike?
Mike was really disturbing me before the show.
He kept asking me,
hey, you're gonna talk about Jonestown tonight?
You're gonna talk about Jonestown?
He brought it up 10 times.
You're gonna talk about it?
What about, it's like Jonestown, you know?
You should talk about it.
It's like I'm not going to talk about Jonestown and then he just made like I didn't say that and he's like
It's like hey, you know what you should talk about tonight the anniversary of Jonestown
It's like what?
The guy who I hung up on well, he just cursed you out a good he showed his true colors
I'm going to do a little bit of
full show tonight, full show.
You know, next week, you know we got coming in, Mike?
John Hodgman.
John Hodgman, the author, is going to be live in the studio.
John Hod the author, the actor, the visionary, he's like the, he's like R. George Plimpton
in a way, where he does the commercials and he writes the books, he makes the TV appearances,
he acts in the movies, in studio next week, John Hodgman.
new book is out now.
next week John Hodge get your questions ready it's a very up market guest we have
next week
upscale
we got an upscale guest
smart guy
That might be a new thing, maybe we'll start out with smart guys on the show.
Not to say that the Patton Oswaltz and the Paul of Tomkins are not smart guys, they're
the smartest people I've ever met, but this is a guy, this is smart capital S smart, this
guy.
Am I going to dread either of these calls Mike?
It's possible.
FM you, you're on the air.
Hey Tom, what's up buddy?
Not a whole lot, who's this?
It's Alex from Crapford.
Alex from Cranford. What's going on tonight?
Dude, um, you played that Keith Moon song tonight. It's really a coincidence. I was,
uh, I'm a, I'm an avid listener of yours. I, uh, usually cook while I listen to your
show right now, making potato pancakes and they're coming out quite good. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. And, um, you played that. Sorry. And I didn't get to hear because I was taking
care of the child. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know, what the really funny thing is that
last night I was reading the Keith Moon book. Have you read the Keith Moon book? Don't
to be the moon book the big one now
oh god
you gotta read it to it it's it's awesome and
and uh...
uh... the point being that uh... just that i was into the key for the last night
and then you bring up the key for tonight
and i actually call it a talk to you it is it is quite good thank you
uh... sometimes it works out like that
there you go that's the perfect answer i wanted
uh... boy
hello diphus
let's trace that number
get the kids out of the house
fm you you're on the air
eight on how are you all doing all right who's this
it's a brock in los angeles brock how's it going
i was going all right tonight or today's my birthday
happy birthday brock
and this is the first year i put together that johnson is today too so
it was an extra special birthday this year
uh... mike would have reminded you
yeah i told him that he said so
he can talk about john's town
what what's going on a lot of
what you want me to talk about
horrible
yeah you should talk about it
yeah there's still a lot of uh... press uh... about it here in california in the past
few days they've been
i don't know i guess they've brought up all from the vault all their like
eminent jones town articles
anyway uh... i want to talk about our d like uh...
will
blurb yet in entertainment weekly
he had a blurb in entertainment weekly what do you mean a blurb
uh... it's about new book
okay tell me about the blurb
uh... well it's just mostly him uh...
trying to justify himself as being uh... extremely
obnoxious
and uh...
i was just thinking uh...
like you know already doing it why are you writing your book yet like have you
actually started on it or
well i have i started on my book
yeah i'm gonna start on it
next week i'm going to ask
john hodgman for advice on my book
on the air was tom sharpling and the gang
Yeah. All right. That's all that's all I got. Actually, I might do a chapter. You know what?
Honestly, I'm probably going to end up writing a book about Mike. Just like one of those things.
He's going to do something. I know it. He's going to do something and I'm getting a pretty good view
of it. So if I don't end up being one of the victims of whatever it is, I'm going to have a
book. I would actually buy a biography of Mike. That sounds very interesting. Descent into
terror. One man's take on the Mike story. Mike threw the eyes of... It was a day like
any, it was a Tuesday like any other. I let Mike in into the building but he had a look
his eyes, crazed, animalistic, full of rage and fear. I was scared. I tried to
pretend nothing happened. Then I noticed the blood. His shoes were soaked in it.
It was like he stepped in a bucket full of red paint. I tried them. I reached
for the phone casually pretending to call someone. What are you doing with
That phone, Tom," said Mike, nothing, I stammered.
Mike said, Mike stared at me, steely-eyed, but down the phone, Tom, the receiver clunked
back into its cradle with a dispiriting thud.
I
Know that's the book. I'm gonna end up writing. I hope I'm not giving him ideas now
Now he's gonna go all right. I gotta have blood on my shoes
It'd be even better if like a children's book, too
What do you mean like about Mike?
Well Mike's and I paint Mike as if he's some as if he's some guy who you know
I'm telling you Mike is as good a guy. I know I have fun at his expense
Mike is one of the nicest people I've ever met and it's a pleasure to have him here each and every week
He's in this do-do. He's staring at me through the glass.
Heh.
I'm serious.
I'm so scared right now.
He's looking at me through the little window.
Someone.
If any-
What?
What?
What does Mike even look like? I've never even seen a photo of him.
I don't know.
i don't know how to describe them
kind of like a uh...
would you shift e
now now it's like it looks a little bit like uh... you know lyle wagner from
the carol bernet show
he kind of has a lyle wagner ask
quality to them
people mistake him for a uh...
lyle wagner
alright that's all i got
thank you
all right
let's do this
let's get the show started
the right
you know is bugging me last week speaking of books this james bought this uh...
this uh... roger moor book
that he is out now where he bashes
the violence in the new james bond movies
where's this guy get off
unbelievable
sick
sick roger moor
had no problem taking the cash when it was on the table
you know roger morsel are the best thing ever did was cannonball run
best thing ever touched
second is the persuaders
that shows him and tony kurtis
this guy's gonna get on this guy uh... daniel craig i didn't see the new james
bond movie yet
but i will see it this week we'll talk about it next week
This guy Daniel Craig, he's giving his body up for these movies, getting knocked around,
up down, left right.
This guy's out there taking his lumps.
This Roger Moore's running around in a tuxedo doing those movies.
It gets a little sand on his shoes and that's the most action he gets in the entire movie.
should have known what kind of James and he's complaining about these James Bond
things he's oh I didn't know what the violence was going to be like as soon as
I began the franchise I was very very thrown by I disagreed with the director
on a couple choices and and then he but you know it might have been a little
heads up these six James Bond movies that were done before is the one where
James Bond's gonna rape people and it's stabbing people pushing them into
trains and the most violent things you've ever seen in your life is blowing
people's heads up and under in scuba gear. This guy's acting like he signed
on for Anne of Green Gables and it didn't realize they'll sudden when they bring
out machine guns, it's like Adam West. He's no different than Adam West. Do you ever hear
him moan about Batman?
Just a whole about man franchise. It's not fun like it was back when we did fun. Those
things weren't fun. It was ridiculous.
Which Batman you're going to take? The one where he got Heath Ledger pushing himself
to the brink of madness
to it to put the play the joker
or or the one where uh... you get sees the remarrows like and i'm not
shaving my mustache off
you put the you put the joker pain on top of it
i don't care go get somebody else to play the joker i don't care
all right let's uh... let's uh... slap more uh...
white clown makeup on top of his mustache
People paid the dues now.
They take their lumps.
Roger Moore.
Time for them to put him on the scrap heap.
You know what I'm doing, Roger Moore?
You ready for this?
Into the hate pit.
Roger Moore's going in the hate pit tonight.
And I am launching also.
I'm cleaning up there.
I'm gonna restructure the hate pit right now.
Admittedly, I made a mistake during the year, I let the hate pit was privatized, it was
not run, I let the Pillsbury Corporation run it for a while, and things got out of control.
I got to clean things up in the hate pit right now.
The current lineup, Bob Saggot, he stays in, T.I. stays in, Matt Drudge stays in, Jerry
Seinfeld.
Should I let Jerry Seinfeld out of the hate pit, Mike?
Jerry Seinfeld, you're out of the hate pit.
I want the hate pit to be a, look, he can end up back in it.
The movie boy.
I want the movie boy out.
The movie boy.
He's out.
Carlos Mancilla, in the hate pit, stays in.
Jay Leno, stays in.
Olivia Munn, stays in.
For you hate pit statisticians, please make note.
Jerry Seinfeld and the movie boy are out of the hate pit.
Roger Moore is in the hate pit and this Olivia Munn make her queen of the hate
pit I was watching this video she did if you know who this is Olivia Munn she
is the host of some show on called attack of the show which is on the some video
Game Channel called G4 which like I have 900 cable channels at home. I don't think that's one of them. I
Have another video game channel
But not that I don't think I have that one she's a host and she she's super hot you need to know
But you know what she goes around
She's mean to people and she can get away with it cuz she's super hot
Now I mentioned the video where she made fun of these nerds tried to like tease these guys at a
Like an electronics convention
I just watched another one
She's that she's in a hotel. She's bored in a hotel
So what does she do she she?
She basically finds there's a spiritual conference going on in the hotel that she ambushes.
She decides that she's going to film herself with her little hidden camera trying to get
into this spiritual conference.
And inside it's all these women of color inside holding their own spiritual conference.
And this woman tries to, this Olivia Munn goes in and she tries to, she gets caught,
they realize she's being a wise and haimer, they don't let her in.
So then what does she do?
She starts crying that it's like, ah, they're not letting me in because I'm white.
You're right.
It's about time white people stood up for themselves.
That's right white people.
is enough
it was clear it wasn't because she she wasn't uh... a black that she wasn't
getting the thing
she was getting it because she's going in with this big smile like she's
pulling a prank
they spotted her
and as she tries to put it as if it's not a
it was not the uh... godlike thing to do
to what not let her into the thing
since he's a she's going around she thinks she's borat
not funny i'm a little bit funny
but then i read the comments on her uh... on her uh... blog
everybody oh yeah
that was ridiculous that was the funniest thing i ever saw can you believe
those uh... people not let you win
you know yes i can believe i'm not letting you know uh... what's that way
that this is her idea of comedy is where either a goofing on a nerd
or uh... or going into uh... to uh... to uh... goof on some spiritual conference
where people are reminding their own business
People buying, I can't believe people are buying this thing.
Topic time.
Up, up.
Olivia Munn, what you're selling, comma,
I ain't buying, period.
two oh one two oh nine nine three six eight
what you're selling
i ain't buying
what are the things
we see these people they they like in lockstep like uh... like a zombies
with this
look at these comments
these comments on it uh... like
you're the coolest chick ever
and there's a racist thing okay great
that's that's a proud moments
that bouncer lady wasn't spiritual at all
with these people
you're awesome
well like she's brave like she's going into ruin these people trying to have a
good time
they're trying to remind their own business have their spiritual convention
in the hotel, in the ballroom, 201, 209, 936, what's your cell and I ain't buying? Those
things where you realize that somebody's just, that everybody's in lockstep with something
and you're just like, no, it's wrong. Do you have anything like that, Mike?
Yeah, that's a good one. Yeah, Mike is saying with these, with the fast food places, like
McDonald's, that they have like these triple cheeseburgers. Like how am I, how am I, yeah,
like, they're just promoting gluttony. And then it's like, look, it's bad enough you're
eating anything from McDonald's. But then they're promoting this triple cheeseburgers
as if like hey just keep going
get fat faster
two oh one two oh nine nine three six eight with your cell and i ain't buying
fm you you're on the air
i don't know how are you i'm doing all right who's this
this is andrew from kansas city
andrew from kansas city how are things
in the heartland of america
i'm good
i live in chicago now actually okay like saying i'm from kansas how are things
in
obama land
quite good
good as it you still have obama mania
uh...
yeah i mean uh... it's not as it's not as
as uh... crazy as it was
in the days leading up to the election but you know
you know i'm sure i'm sure some uh...
there's some uh... was some weird uh... that weird there's some you know
john mccain person
in in uh... in in the chicago who's like
they would say what you're selling i ain't buying
i like john mccain
one of these people all doing they love obama
you know what
it will weird john mccain persons wrong
yeah right guys win
good guys want good guys one
by the way this w f m u east orange wx hd man hope worldwide web at wf m u dot
o r g this is a special w f m u my name is tom sharp link
two old one two oh nine nine three six eight is a number
so do you have something for the topic tonight
i do i do
i never i never really understood the appeal of uh... robot chicken
you know i know the show sure
i just i i i really like
uh... most things on adult swim and that
i i just can't i cannot bear to watch it it's just yet
that the awful
that that that that doesn't do it for me either
the robot who gave that the green his own show i just
did you know it comes down to for me look if you like again
just play people like that
i'd like to find out that you know but you know comes down to it's like
here's the thing we have uh... these uh...
these actually figures that the talk dirty
that's it
and it's it's it's eight hundred variations on that
not enough star wars jokes have been made enough with again
enough with star wars
it's time for us to all move on from star wars
We've got a grown-up president now.
It's time to act like a grown-up.
Right.
Star Wars.
Ooh.
It's like, you know what, the first three Star Wars movies are the worst things I ever
saw.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We get it.
Yeah, I didn't hear you the first eight million times.
You believe Jar Jar Binks?
Yeah.
People moaning about Jar Jar.
Okay.
Yeah.
You know what?
First of all, Jar Jar Binks wasn't meant for you.
It was meant for six-year-olds.
Right.
And you know what you know what else was meant for six-year-olds Star Wars
Yeah, all of it is meant for six-year-olds. You think R2 D2 is
That's a that's a that's a something aimed at Brainiacs
Right two robots going as Laurel and Hardy going around
Yeah, the only reason you know the only reason we're okay with that is because we all we all saw Star War the originals
Yeah, as kids. Yeah, just can't let it go. Exactly. I'm supposed to
Think about it. You got one robot talking like in this this British accent. The other robots making toilet sounds
That's so much better
Well, thank you for your today. Thank you for your call young man. You tell me have a good night. You too
FM you you're on the air
Hello, Tom. Hi. How are you?
Not too bad. Steven North Hollywood here. Steven North Hollywood on the rebound guys bouncing back
Thank you Nate Hartley
Yeah, I heard you gave role models a good review. I did all you know what you tell Nate Hartley
That's that show that where the guy hung up on him. Yeah, but that guy says to to him
Good job. I will tell him that this Friday when I help him and his mom move to a new apartment. I
Love it. I
Got one for the topic
You got one for the topic. Let's hear it. This is kind of a two-sided one
Yes.
And it involves the Church of Scientology.
Uh-huh.
Because the Church of Scientology, I'm not exactly buying what they're selling, but then
out here there's also a bunch of people who are kind of like anti-scientologists.
You mean where they're going too far with it?
Yeah, and like they're like, cool, it should go up this protest video we made.
Like there's literally a video of a bunch of guys wearing V-Proven data masks and just
like protesting in the street around the Scientology museum.
It's like what are you guys doing? They're not the police. They're not the government
You know they don't have any real power over your lives unless other than what you give them. What are you protesting here?
Look, that's the city looks Scientology. That's a sketch. That's scary stuff Jack. Sure, right, but
these people act like like they're
Well, you know, they're all there are bigger threats on the planet right now
exactly that's what these guys are acting like and they're all they're
there look they're getting they're getting their jollies on the idea just
getting to it to harass uh... tom cruise
right
and it's like to tom cruise the guy makes the movie
this what i call that's what i call the the two-way tie for last
i understand
there's some awful stuff that goes on the scientific you get no argument for
me on that
you know you're going to take people and then we're in turn their lives upside
down ruin their lives there
like a cult style
i'm against that of course
right no thanks
well thank you that unless uh...
what's your buddy nate hardly isn't on board they're going to hook you up to
a
e-meter
now we keep
me and mom and dad we keep a good eye on that
you would tell in all seriousness though
if you found out
that shown william scott
wanted you to go to the celebrity center you'd be you'd be there in in
thirty seconds
uh...
no i don't think i would i've mentioned william scott
uh... but uh... you know
i don't think i'd go to the celebrity center for anybody where you want the
set of role models
yeah i did a couple days on their uh... during that big uh...
where battle at the end of the movie
were you in that battle
no no i was just hanging out off to the side
meet anybody else on the set
uh... got to hang out with mat walsh and uh... doctor ken ji on quite a bit
uh... got to meet paul rudd again got to meet charlotte m scott got to meet uh...
chris vermin splats and uh... little bobby jay who played uh... runny
you get me in on these cool circles
come on out dude
you can see the people i'm hanging out with
you should come out and do uh... do monologues some night at the uh... the
sunday night show at the uc b
i got michael on me off
like a mike you want to hang out tonight
tom if i were even in pennsylvania right now i i'd drive out the jury we go out
we'd have some uh... you know what i know you would
thank steve
slow climb back
slow climb back
fm you're on the air
and i'm charlie in seattle charlie in seattle how are you tonight
doing alright I got one for the topic let's hear it family guy live in song a
Carnegie Hall you're selling it I ain't buying it I appreciate that that's a
good one have you heard about that yeah I'm supposed to go to this thing and
what watch Seth MacFarlane do do those get those voices while singing the
songs
I don't want that who wants that those songs
Who's gonna go to comedy songs? I don't want any comedy music
Your figure would have way through the song
Yeah, I don't know that there's no repeat value. It's not even a one-time value
I'm supposed to I'm supposed to realize they're doing a parody of
Survivor of I of the tiger or whatever junk song. They're doing a they're doing a worse version of bad songs
With just a song by that dog. I
Can only hope that it ends up in Carnegie Hall and there's like
1,300 people just sort of scattered throughout the thing
MTC Carnegie Hall got some guy working on a plane viola his whole life
Meanwhile, he goes he goes he sees this guy up there singing in the voice of that dog
yeah he gets the Carnegie Hall how do you get the Carnegie Hall you say
remember the time 800 times thank you for the call FMU you're on the air
hi this is Mike from Manhattan Mike from Manhattan how are you tonight Mike
I'm good I'm a first-time caller long-time listener I'm a big fan I had
something for the topic Mike first let me welcome you to the program thank you
very much I appreciate the the situation that a new caller is in your little
a little wary aren't you
yes yes i am but it is in honor to call it
well thank you mike now you
you have how long have you been listening to the show
i've been listening for uh...
little over a year now
and what brought you to the program if you don't mind me asking
uh... well what brought me to the program i guess was i first learned about
that you know fm you through
or win and i
came across the show and the hate that episode drew me in and i haven't
with back then
well i appreciate it welcome to the fold mike
thank you so i'm like a young man how old are you
i am eighteen years old eighteen you getting ready for uh... college
yet yet and now i'm uh...
just taking
i'm off to uh...
pursue
playwriting and stuff
mike
welcome
thank you uh... so what i have for the topic was uh...
will i am sort of reinvention as this like spokesperson for the new political
movement
yeah who who wants that from him
over the guy who wrote my heart and now he's telling me like
what i should be
yeah
and it's like when he was like uh... did you see that hologram thing of them
beaming him in
to the cnn set
yeah that was that kind of embarrassing yeah it's ridiculous because it's like
it's like uh...
first of all and this encouper uh... most of all wanted to uh...
jump off the roof
of the cnn studios
and so he's like wait
i'm talking to i'm talking to a guy who exactly the guy who wrote my humps
i have to talk to you on election night
but worse
i've got to talk to him as if he's on the set
like he's in front of me i have to pretend
that he's here
yeah and now i have to now i have to uh... associate this wonderful moment
for america with
will i am
yeah
will i have it's like
there's that certain there's that certain type of guy in the music biz
who just like
this is a this guy will it will be so forgotten
so fast
and it but while he's around people have to act like he's like
like he's valid
yet and it's also satisfied whatever he's doing it's like
but you know trust me nobody's going to be looking back
and there's there will be no revisiting uh... like it of the black-eyed p's
catalog
and then how he's really that song it's a new day like literally
the day afterwards it's so there's good songs here
just check this out
there's some good songs here
like
just like nobody look people go back
they check out uh... the bra brian wilson
they go back they find the stuff that made that important
they go back to check the stuff i made says sliced on important
nobody's gone back check a frankie valley in the four seasons
or uh... or hall notes
everybody knows it's it's it's uh...
you know it's a hits
you did your thing in your time
good for you
over
sky is this guy talking like he's uh... like some leader
like brian highland
like brian highland china who's ryan highland again
did sealed with a kiss the joker went wild
itchy with the t
you're a team you're a team and you're throwing the stuff at me
yet
i ask you something mike
uh... if i would appreciate it if you
is your first call and i don't want to put the cart before the horse
i would appreciate it if you would consider calling more often i need more
callers like you
thank you very much i i'd definitely will
make it a routine
thank you mike have a good night
you too
fm you you're on the air
hello com it's me again it's like how are you tonight okay i have one for the
top of all let's hear it
similar to steves uh... topic
not about fine college a per se
but about these people trying to show the religion down your throat
you know
i'm not buying what they're selling
I'm not you you're a gay you don't like them trying to uh to just tell you all about religion
Yeah
Yeah, you know, it's it's annoying, you know like Friday morning
Sometimes the Jehovah's witnesses being my doorbell. Mm-hmm. And I'm like, why are you here?
Why you I'm not interested, huh? Hold on you have a doorbell. Yes, I do
contrary to popular belief
and what what what sound is your doorbell make
the usual
you know
no it doesn't uh...
uh... go for
new kitty cat beat
doesn't do that that's the halloween music
i didn't recognize over psycho
anyway, but it's just very annoying sure I hear the psychology, you know, trying to
shut that down people's throat because you're trying to you're trying to sleep in you're
trying to arrest exactly Sunday is your day right and I'm trying to do housework or you
know get ready to go out or whatever by housework doorbell now by housework do you mean like
you pour out the buckets that have been dripping
down from the ceiling
now
you wash your plate
i want yet to do dishes you know
usual housework
you do the dish
thank you spike
that's a new year on the air
hi tom it's a joke from Seattle
hi joe how are you
i'm good how are you tonight
do it all right
he's not a little under i gotta say i'd be honest with you but really
yeah yeah i'm not gonna do it from the board again i'm not feeling under
you're not feeling under you've ready to go i am ready to go
okay um i have one for the topic let's hear it
okay um the i'm a pc ads i i use uh i'm a pc
but uh commercials would make me when i throw my computer out the window
really you mean the ones the retaliatory commercials
Yes, yes, so ridiculous.
It's the weakest back argument I've ever heard.
Just said.
Back to John R.F. Joe, back to John Hodgman.
Because we're like, but where it's like,
you mean PC going like, hey, I'm a PC.
And I, you know, and I drive this tractor trailer.
Right, I'm a PC and I'm a deep-sea diver.
Yeah, as if the people, the PC people have been,
yeah, you know, first of all,
they control ninety nine percent of the market place where they act like uh...
acting like they're being run like they're being run out of the country
you'd be like if i if i start or say i'm a white guy and i uh...
and what
there's no need for you're in charge
yeah it's not even saying i'm a p c a thing i'm a microsoft
i'm a microsoft
which is
definitely not the same thing as being a p c
yes
pc don't need a commercial
they're open for whatever that means yes thank you joe
thank you
fm you you're on the air
hey who's this
this is forest in manhattan
forest in manhattan quality caller how are you tonight
i'm good thank you sir how are you
okay
do i uh... i got one for the topic let's hear it
uh... i am not an iphone owner but i don't know if you've heard about this
there's a new application you can buy for the iPhone
that is the GPS application.
And that's the one that lets all of your friends
and your network know exactly where you are
at any given time.
Who wants that?
I don't want that.
I'm definitely not buying that.
It sounds like the,
it should be called like the psycho ex-girlfriend application
or something.
So say I'm, for example, I'm eating at a Panera bread for instance.
Now all of a sudden I've got to deal with people pulling into the parking lot.
I've got to look and see Stevie Blue pulling in.
Exactly.
I've got to look out there and see Spike coming into Panera Bread with me.
I don't want that. Who wants that?
I don't know who wants that, but
why are people courting that?
That's like playing with fire. The muzzle will have a thing on your iPhone
that heats it up to 500 degrees and burn the side of your face.
Playing with fire. I don't like, it scares me.
Forrest, your quality caller and I appreciate it.
Thanks, Tom.
If I'm you, you're on the air.
It's on.
This is Nate from St. Paul.
Nate from St. Paul.
How are you tonight?
Do you want more?
How are you doing?
I'm doing okay.
It's good.
I got something for the topic.
Hold on.
Hold on a second.
I just got an email from the flux blog, dude, saying, what a bad example for hauling
notes.
There's people revisiting that band to take him seriously.
You know what, you know what?
Look.
I was there.
Jack. I got those albums. Ecstatics, voices. I was there. Those records do not cut it.
I dropped my money on all that stuff. I got two copies of the Darryl Hall solo album.
Sacred Songs. You don't think I paid my dues with hauling notes? Those records are not
so hot. I took my lumps. Sorry. Go ahead. Go ahead. Oh, okay. Sorry. Uh, yeah. What
a bad example. Tell me a bad example. All notes records go put on a whole notes record. Listen
from beginning to end. But the hits you can't argue with the whole notes hits. You'll get
no argument from me. I've never argued with the whole notes hits. Stop notch. Those guys
start cranking out the hits. You get their private eyes, kiss on my list. I'm not here
to put that stuff down. You don't think she's gone? You don't think I've listened to She's
gone? Sarah Smile? Rich go?
Yes, nothing wrong with being a good single band.
Those are great. They were a great singles band. Thank you.
Yes. So anyway, I'm supposed to go listen to Big Bamboom. What is that? Hey, put Big
Big Bamboo Mon, that's a great song, Method of Modern Love, that's a single.
I've got to go listen to the stuff that wasn't Method of Modern Love, I'm so mad right now,
I'm so in the flesh right now, I am so in the flesh right now, I know I'm not anti-frippertronics,
sayin' that.
Um, sorry to hear that.
Go ahead, young man.
Okay.
Um, for the topic, Jeff Dunham, the ventriloquist who seems to be on kind of the central every
45 minutes or so.
Ventriloquist?
Yes, he's like the jerky boys of ventriloquism.
He's kind of edgy.
He has crazy ethnic characters and a thoroughly old guy puppet and things like that.
Oh, I know that guy.
I don't like that.
and uh...
i don't really know enough about him because every time i
him on t.v.
i watch him for five minutes and then i realize this is a complete waste of time
and i hate this and i turn something else on
but his wikipedia page is
a thing of wonder because first off the photo that the
hold on hold on stop
and now i get an email yeah i was only talking about the hits of course you were
uh...
go ahead with this puppet talk
the old man puppet
okay got jeff donum
yet is with the computer heave oh
the proxy heave oh
sorry
i had to do it
you just got uh... uh... flux blogs heave oh
you want to know what
not put them back in the hate pit
Matthew Fluxblogg is not going back in Hate Pit.
I'm going to hold him over the Hate Pit though.
Let him look down in it.
Realize what he says 180 is an inch away from that.
FMU, you're on the air.
Dear God, Tom, I'm terrified.
Well, don't be terrified.
What's your name?
It's Dave from Knoxville.
Dave from Knoxville.
Super caller.
How you doing?
Doing all right.
That's good to hear.
Hey, I'll tell you something I'm not buying.
What's that?
The so-called New Beatles song.
You're not going to buy that new 14-minute noise jam?
Yeah, to tape loops jammed together, and somebody banging a pencil on a window.
That's what the Beatles are known for, isn't it?
It is not what the Beatles are known for.
You are against this one coming out of the vaults.
Yeah, I think that one could stay.
hey how about uh... uh... along the red literature
beauty on a back street
all of us are on the hall of that stuff you go you're going
i'm right there with you man
i can i run an idea by you sure
we got three uh... kind of uh... ongoing concerns with the best show
that uh... seems to be there's an opportunity to have them converge
around an item
yes number one is you need to you need to be an author
i do need to be an author
i think i've mentioned that i i have an i s b
yes you are an author and i am not
you have
you already lange
joe the plumber
all these guys roger moor
warren conrad
so that problem for a spelling
right number two mike's gonna get a book out before me
mike told me about his book uh... helping screens my call
called help me
yeah help tommy told me it was called
called diary of a madman
so you got the we need to get your book
you got the world domination scheme ongoing yes can happen
and we've got secret sanit season
opening up yes people doing the secret sanit over friends of tom dot com
so here's what i'm thinking
uh... you know they've been blank books forever
in the
late seventies middle seventies when i was
teenager
you know really popular
they're everywhere
me like the uh...
books like the uh... the wit and wisdom of uh... of george w bush like that
blank
i mean completely blank just with a cover
filled with blank paper okay i think that's your own scroll okay
all right so here's what we gotta have
a uh...
best show compendium
that starts as a blank book with your face on the cover.
The only text, the only commitment you have to make
is a forward couple of pages, witty banter.
Now here's the thing.
I go to the store or probably through a mail order.
I order one of the best show blank books
and it comes to my house.
With the instruction throughout this year,
make notes about yourself, particularly
as they relate to topics on
the best show
and see keep a running commentary of your year
the best show year
they're kind of
intertwined throughout the year
but it's what it's written by the listeners
it starts out written by the listeners you know what that's like letters to the
best show is what that is
all but here's the part that's gonna that's really going to kick it into
another year
well what's that
at the end of every year
all of the listeners who've been writing in their books
mailed them into a central location
they're mailed back out randomly
like a secret
so they come in like gifts to be distributed so you're going to be looking
at start of the year
at the arrival
of a best show book
that's had someone else's notes in it
so after eight or ten years
you've got this
eight or ten year how old do you think i'm going to do this show
uh... it requires a long-term commitment on your part of that's not going to
happen i'm i'm so close to being done
with the show it's ridiculous
you had any idea how close i went to being done with this
you were you would maybe suggest you send out a uh... like uh... a match book
that that people fill up
with their with their notes
uh... i've asked you something like this before but uh... when when you go off
the air can i have your number
you can email me
thank you tom you have a wonderful
week david you have a wonderful week also thank you're a great man
fm you you're on the air
it's on the right
uh... what what are you calling from one of those new screech phones
no sir my voice is preaching uh... it's it's my pitch uh... i was just one if i
It sort of adds something to the topic and also maybe kick the tires and light the fires under you writing a book
I got another radio guy. It was a book coming out
Who was that?
Goomba Johnny from WKTU has a book about teaching you how to become a mobster in like 10 easy steps
You're gonna be kidding me totally serious. I'm gonna get beat by Goomba Johnny
If you look on Amazon for Goomba Johnny
you'll see the name of the book is called how to be a mobster
does this guy even know the entire alphabet
i don't know what a typewriter was a little
little on the alphabet
i might only be up to the letter r
and he's going to write a book
it's time to have time to write a book and if he's getting a book dealie
you should have
uh... most
movie deal for
for the take time
thank you frank thank you frank
fm you you're on the air
uh...
uh... there's a garret from maryland
garret how are you tonight
uh... i'm good hurry
you laughing at mike
mike's laughing at how i adapt
to the temperament of every caller
uh... because he's like that's right for we're talking and i'm like what's going
off frank
that's like
and then you're like
hi tom and i'm like yes
that is funny
so what's going on tonight uh... uh... garret
i'm calling about the topic
what do you have for me
um...
well you know
i don't know if you've noticed but um...
lately
white not lately
so much but um...
like a burger king now have a uh... veggie burger
and um...
kfv has a
like a vegetarian chicken sandwich and
and like i guess fast food restaurants are more adapting to uh...
they have a vegetarian options and sort of selling them as
like healthy options who has a vegetarian chicken sandwich
kf c does now
and what is what is it like a it's like a it's like a
like a
like a patty like a like a soy patty
yeah i think so something like that okay
so what is so you are saying that you're not buying that
Because um, even though I don't eat meat, it just seems like it's as gross as the meat options
You mean that it's cooked in that in that same place?
Yeah, and it just seems like like all that like stuff coming from them in the garbage anyway, and it just I don't know
Yeah, that's not good stuff. I don't know if anybody's nobody's mistaking
That for healthy options
Yeah, yeah people eat that
a salad at McDonald's you look at it it's the the the whitest lettuce you've
ever seen it's like all water they mostly just pour a cup of water in there and
then put some salad dressing on top of it yeah
Garrett top yes call thank you have a nice week you to thanks FM you're on the
air hi Tom how you doing I'm doing all right do you know tonight's topic yes I
I do I'm calling for the topic. What's the topic? The topic is I'm not buying it. That's right. You're selling it
I'm ain't buying it. What's your name young man? My name is Noah from Brooklyn. Noah from Brooklyn. What part of Brooklyn?
Ram flat flat push flat push
Former home of veggie castle
Okay, yeah
You got for Noah. Sorry. What do you got? Let's hear it
Trans music I'm not buying
Trans music. Yeah, and everyone else is
Well, not everyone, but you hear it on the the headphones and the subway you hear people come out of cars people go to these three-day festivals
It's supposed to be
Countercultural like who was a trance artist that that that you are against. I don't know any transfer. What are you eating there?
What are you eating? I'm making some oatmeal cookies. You're making oatmeal cookies. I think I'm softening the butter. Are they gonna be good? I
Hope so I appreciate you not stopping making the cookies to call in heave oh
But the put the fork down
That's calling a radio show. You still got a soft in the butter that can't stop for three minutes
What what are you making these cookies? You know race
FM you you're on the air. Hi Tom. Hi, who's this?
From
Miami, how are you doing? I'm all right. How are you doing? Okay?
Doing okay. Yes. Why do you not think I'm doing okay? No, I think you're doing better than okay
I just got a the I am from Terese. Oh, yeah, yes, and she just said for every rich girl
There is a possession obsession. Thank you
Terese that puts the hollenotes catalog in perfect perspective. I would say for every rich girl. There are 15 possession obsessions
Oh, well
I guess so yeah
I I am and I am not
I'm not into giving away my possessions. I'm a materialist.
Alright.
Yeah.
So what's going on with you tonight?
I have a contribution to the topic.
Let's hear it.
T-Pain.
Specifically, T-Pain signal, single, chopped and screwed. I'm not buying it.
Yeah, does he just sing with that stupid auto tune?
the chipmunk thing yeah I mean not even ludicrous could save it that's pretty
sad I gotta say you know you know what I'm not buying is this a new Kanye West
thing oh where he's like singing yeah sort of thing he's his head examined he
he puts this record out where he sings through that that machine that puts
everything into into pitch but it sounds ridiculous
well at least his song isn't that bad
but everything sounds
not good when it's run through that that uh...
auto-tune thing or whatever it is but
captain screws particularly bad in the slow stuff
well i mean the rate no the the song it's so bad because it doesn't even make
sense
Chopped and screwed he's trying to make it seem like some sort of you know
Playing term for you know getting turned down by a girl who thinks you're not that cute
Yeah, but meanwhile was about drinking cough syrup and he was
Music or whatever yeah, you got you you know chopped and screwed. That's all that slow stuff. Yeah, I
I don't know. If only Trembling Eagle was here to teach us about the worst
music out there. That guy is the worst taste in music I've ever heard. Yeah he's
probably really sad that well I am isn't gonna be writing songs anymore.
You're too busy out there speaking about politics for our generation. Yes yes we'll
We'll get him back, though. We'll get him back.
I'm sure we will.
Thank you, Laurie.
Thanks.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, Tom. Good evening.
How are you?
Good evening to you. I'm doing okay. Who's this?
This is Rick from West Orange.
07052.
That's it.
That's right. How are you tonight, Rick?
I'm very good. I'm very good. I think you've talked about this before, but there was an
article in the new york times today that just kind of
brought it to my mind again
was high school in massachusetts
yeah has a mixed martial arts club a high school
and uh... i'm a sports fan but i think that mma is
so disgusting
i i i'm i know they sell it and i know it's popular but
i'm not buying it
mixed martial arts at that thing that again
trembling eagle
the huge fan of
me and that guy are
we have the uh... opposite tastes
uh...
it's so uh... i don't know how people can watch that and and enjoy it
it's violent
so violent
it's just guys fighting each other trying to
murder each other
it really it's like it's
like
it exactly it's just uh... it's hard to watch
we're moving to people doing that to it we're moving forward
we've got to move past that stuff
that's right with the word that
that belongs in the world of hate
exactly
all right thanks to leave that stuff back with the uh... george w bush
right
thanks young man
fm you you're on the air
hey tom how you do it it's mike and that
mike and that had a different mike and that
uh... well uh... first i'm calling tonight but
a caller from before
upper west side mike fancy mike you've uh... you've called me before yes yes
how are you tonight mike i'm i'm good i'm good i actually just wanted to call
in and i uh... well first i had to give props to uh... associate producer mike
for his for his love of deadwood actually started washington and it's
pretty good i gotta say
mhm
but uh...
mike less is deadwood
each yeah
well thankfully he does because uh... i'm watching now it's pretty good but i
I actually called him tonight because I had something
weren't a Herzog related for you.
What is it?
Well, you don't have to watch the movie,
but you should at least see the Netflix description of it
because I ended up watching the movie
Invincible with Tim Roth.
And the description for it is,
penned in a mere 10 days,
the script for this movie led to dot dot dot.
And I thought to myself, well,
it's got to be
at least watch it to ross is in it i like him ross
but he isn't done any bad movies
you're right
a couple of them
but
how many get what he said they sound like
what are the good ones
uh...
he did well
uh...
then uh... for rooms
oh oh yeah you're right okay
And he directed a good movie too. I think the war zone.
But yeah, it's actually this crazy movie, and I was watching it,
and I was like, thinking to myself, this movie is so bad,
there's got to be like a really logical explanation for it.
And when I read the description of it, it just said,
hers I wrote it in 10 days.
And when I went to read all the commentary online about it,
I just thought it was such a strange movie to make,
to make everyone was like yeah you should have uh... should taken you know
one more day
at least proofread it out
twelve days or something like that
that he should have taken a little yet just to get it right i look i have not
seen this movie and i will not see it
i have no interest in of a burner hurts our or
tim roth
or netflix for that matter by association
or dvds even now
might be
just by association i'm going straight down the line
uh... uh... have you or do you have any interest in this movie mike
no it's not a mike wants to know if it's about jones town
that's no doubt it does not sound like it's about jones town
he says not watching it
now it's it's a it's like a world war two uh... you know set set there and i just
i thought it would be good at least you know
a couple of her dog movies that aren't that bad so i i gave it a shot but
you know thank you no problem
go with this fancy uh... upper recid taste
the tribute to Werner Herzog on entourage
you mean that director
is that supposed to be Werner Herzog
yeah all right you sure it's not supposed to be like uh the guy who did uh the the
the perfect storm
I don't know if they were exactly handing Werner Herzog that kind of budget on
rescue dawn FM you you're on the air hi Tom how are you doing I'm doing all
right who's this this is Thomas calling from New Canaan fancy I know I called
in last week you gave me you gave me some uh... mad dog territory
uh...
i promise i'm a man of relatively modest means despite my zip code
fair enough what do you have for the topic
uh... to all the organizers of giant summer festivals
not buying it
you're not buying it
no
i mean
It's like I'm paying $100 for a three day pass to this thing where I'm going to stand
outside in atrocious heat, watch bands who may or may not be okay, but sit through 20
of them in a row over the course of 12 hours.
It's a horrible sound, $3 bottles of water that I have to buy in order to not pass out
from dehydration.
Hydration six dollar of years. I don't want to loosen up and enjoy myself a little bit. I just I just don't understand
It is hard with that stuff because it's like torture
Yeah, and your favorite band is gonna play in a more suitable environment. Hopefully
Yeah, at some point. Yeah
I'm with you on that buddy. I'm with you. I talked to friends who you know
took a flight out to Chicago to go see the Pitchfork Festival and they came back and
they told me how grueling it was and at the end they're like, oh, but I'm so glad I
went.
I just don't get it.
It can't possibly be worth it.
Yeah, you know, I agree.
I'm with you, I'm with you buddy.
I'm with ya.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hello, Tom.
Yes.
This is Melissa from Poland, Ohio.
Melissa from Ohio. How are things in Ohio tonight?
I'm pretty boring. Is this Ohio?
Really? It's boring?
Yeah.
What's the most exciting thing going on in your town?
Um, probably people sleeping, I guess.
Oh, brother.
Yeah. I'm a first time-
Sleeping.
Sleeping is the most exciting thing going on.
Yes. We love our sleep here in Ohio.
So what do you have for the topic? While you're awake right now?
Yes. What I'm not buying is this new incarnation of lackluster horror movies
and how there's no happy medium. There's snuff films like in the soft box office
office or
you know there's a twilight movie coming out recently their qt
and
at the horror movie and i'm just disappointed
and what would be your ideal horror movie melissa
well it all depends on what type of horror movie and there's
different incarnations of the horror movie there's the science fiction horror
there's a slasher film there's the zombie horror film
on my favorite movies hardware
richard stanley film
And it's about robots. I like it when there's robots in horror movies.
You like robot horror?
Yes.
Well, give me another example of robot horror.
Death Machine.
Bicentennial Man.
Yeah, that was a pretty horrific movie.
Death Machine. What's that?
It's about this corporation who has Brad Dorif, who did the voice of Chucky.
and he played Billy Bivitt
and won't deliver the Kuzu's nest.
He is kind of like this mad scientist
and he's laid off from this company
and in order to seek revenge,
he designs his death machine
and it wreaks havoc on everyone in the company.
Hmm, sounds thrilling.
Yeah.
How does the death machine just terrorizes them all?
Yes.
And is this a low budget movie?
Well, I mean, it released in 95, so it's kind of outdated in the special sex department,
but it costs quite a bit of money to make.
But it still scares you?
Does it scare you scared of the death machine?
No, hormones really don't scare me, but I can definitely gauge whether or not a horn would be the quality.
If you all of a sudden heard the death machine coming, what would you do?
I would be scared.
What's the smartest thing to do against the death machine? Run from it?
Oh, I know, because it runs really fast.
Well, how do you stop the death machine?
I don't know, you get its AI chip.
Okay, so you have to reach in and
pull the chip out of it? Yeah, well, it's
operating in the movie by remote and you have to get the remote
which is off of Brad Dorff's character.
Mm-hmm.
So you have to get you, so basically you have to attack the man, not the machine.
Yes.
Essentially, yeah.
Death Machine.
Mm-hmm.
I'm going to check this out.
I forgive his name, but the same director who did Blade, did Death Machine, Steven Norrington,
I'm sorry?
Are you referring to Steven Norrington?
the man uh... he wasn't just the director of blade
he directed uh... league of extraordinary gentleman
and uh...
i think he also directed uh...
van Helsing
probably that that looks like that was a scary movie
did you see van Helsing
no it was it was no i know it is that i'm not kidding
it looks stupid
so scary
Really it had all like the famous horror movie because he's fighting them all
Frankenstein
the werewolf
the mummy
Dracula Dracula the creature from the black lagoon
It covers all bases phantom of the opera
He's fighting all of them
Swamp things swamp things on original heave-ho FM you you're on my you're on my air
You can't stop the death machine ever.
What's that?
You can't stop the death machine ever.
The death machine.
Do you see you are a fan of death machine?
I am a death machine.
The only way you can stop it?
Yeah.
You can't stop it.
The only way you can stop it is that you can't stop it.
Yeah, all you can do?
What's that?
get out of the pit is this who I think it is yeah say my name hammerhead no
you dummy I'm sorry it's mr. Hammerhead mr. Hammerhead yeah show me some
respect you munch I didn't know your name was mr. Hammerhead when did that
start it is now well when did that start I start a couple weeks ago how
How am I supposed to know?
Actually, one week ago.
A week ago?
I'm supposed to know to call you Mr. Hammerhead now.
Yeah, I mean the word Val.
Okay, well Mr. Hammerhead.
What do I owe the pleasure of this call?
Well, I want to tell you that I've been named a major part and a major player in Mr. Ziggler's
transition team.
That's right.
You had, you were running for mayor.
exactly yeah you made a pretty solid showing
i did and i'm sure i did you came in fifth
very impressive thank you
i i did not think that you
would have that sort of support from the people of new bridge
wait
well and i mean
uh... you know with guys like uh...
Zachary brimstead
or you know what's that
lightweight
yeah well i thought guys like that would get more traction than you were like it
the guys who may be more respected in the community like uh... like uh... like
i'm very respected in the community but like dr fred Myers you know
now he's got all kind of weird stuff going on the chuff coming out now
yeah i've heard some of that stuff i heard he did something to you
well he he was my shrink for a while and i'm not going to talk about that
okay all right it'll all come out in that book i guess
so
but you congratulations on the on the solid showing
well thank you you know i'm i'm very excited about uh...
my my my post in my position now it's going to be great
that what what is your position and because
roy ziegler filly boy roy won the election
right right yeah and you will now have a place on his team
basically uh... i'm his ron i knew him well
i'm sorry what's that
i said basically i'm his ron i knew him well
i'm not sure what that is wrong i knew him well
uh... crack the new bridge republican herald times republican herald much
it doesn't sound like you do
i did if i i do but i don't know what that is
uh... ever heard of barack obama he's going to be our next president yes i
have heard of him
then you know i'm talking about
are you talking about it?
It's Chief of Staff.
Rahm Emanuel?
Who's that?
You're saying, what did you think his name was?
Ron, I knew him well?
Yeah, that's his name, right?
No, it's Emanuel.
No, it's Ron, comma, I knew him well.
And that's what you think his name is?
I'm almost certain it is.
Yeah, well, whose name is, do you picture it as different words?
Yeah, I got a sentence. I mean, there are so many crazy names now. Like there's this guy with his name, Texaco Jones.
I don't even know what that's supposed to be. I think he's an athlete.
Texaco Jones. Yeah.
I'm not even sure what you're talking. I'm still hung up on Ron. I knew him. Yeah, Ron. I knew him. It's odd. I agree. It's odd.
what is it again it's ramen what do you think it is rom r a hm first name
sounds like some kind of god sounds like me what a manual is his last name oh I
like that dirty movie yeah like a manual yeah kind of like I love those movies
they're on skin and max all the time right you tell me I don't know I'm
I'm telling you, they were.
I love those.
Great.
So anyway, you are a part of the transition team.
Yeah, I have all kinds of duties.
Like I'm, I work with his security detail.
Yeah, which features several ex-members of the Philadelphia bell.
What is the Philadelphia bell?
oh come on how old are you like eight well no i'm older than that what is the
Philadelphia Bell ever heard of the world football league it vaguely yeah
yes in the mid-70s yeah yeah it was a football league that was competing with
the with the NFL yeah there's actually a team from Hawaii I think they're actually
called the Hawaii Hawaiian and what the the the Philadelphia team was the
Philadelphia bell yeah yeah no that's stupid it's not oh I'm sorry it's a
pretty dumb name for a football team what do you think of first when you think
of Philadelphia besides it being great and awesome so you're really pro
Philly now oh absolutely yes the best that's part of your that's part of your
Is that part of you being on on Roy Ziegler Philly boy Roy's uh, no just kind of came
around to it. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. No for the security detail. You know who's part of it.
Who's that? Vince Papali. From Vince Papali the guy who the quarterback for the Eagles.
He wasn't. Geez. Crack and Oscar nominated feature film much. It doesn't sound like
you do well if he wasn't a quarterback what was he again i think it's like a
wide receiver yeah yeah that's right he was a guy that that movie uh...
invincible was about
it didn't actually win the Oscar though unfortunately i don't think it was
Oscar nominated at all
it sure was
for who for best for best sound
best sound yeah i think it lost the pirates of the caribbean
dead man's chest uh-huh yeah
okay well
the only being nominated as an honor
i know uh...
i also make for mister jiggler has the proper number of hoagies within reach at
all time
you really are a uh... you are really are a uh...
a party guy now i'm a public servant now yet
you have seven
what's that
yet that seven all the time seven hoagies oh yeah yeah because that
bread can go still pretty quickly uh-huh
and where are you getting these hogies from
uh... strowman
strowman's where they make it and filly
although they can't go
they can't get in stink city
stink city is the
is is new jersey i'm sure
what you wrote
new bridge is stink city
stink state is is jersey yeah oh okay so
but you're you're calling it
stink city
but you're you're going to be on the the team running it
Yeah, we're gonna make it less stinky.
Oh, okay. Well, yeah, you've got the everybody's got a vision.
Oh, yeah. First order of businesses is the removal of one guy.
And who's that?
Yes.
Me.
Yeah.
I'm kidding.
Or am I?
No, I am.
Or am I?
No, I am. Good.
Or am I?
Stop.
And now I am.
Uh-huh.
Or am I?
I knew you were going to say.
you
he was it you got that royal laugh even a little bit
what laugh
filly boy roy's laugh
well i guess it does kind of sound like
like his majesty
his majesty he's the man
he's the mayor he's not he's not royalty oh he'll be president someday
probably king too
president of what the united states oh yeah and then king
there's no king
i i think by that point they'll be like an earth king or something uh-huh
That's what he says.
Okay.
Yeah.
Who told him that?
Who?
Guess.
I have no idea.
His son.
Oh, that's right.
Yeah.
He takes way too much advice from his son Roy June.
How do you get along with Roy Jr.?
Oh, I like him.
I'm in awe of him.
You're in awe of him?
Yeah.
He's kind of scary.
Those eyes.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
It's a rough.
Like laser beams.
Yeah.
It's a rough kid.
Oh yeah, but getting back to my you know my function. Yeah, the big thing that I take care of. What's that?
I make sure there's no weak pits. That's what you take care of in the new in the new administration. Yeah, I'm the PIG.
The pig? No! Show me some respect. Well, you said PIG. That smells pig.
It's a pain for something else you munch. Pit inspector general. A pit inspector. Yeah,
I monitor the pit. Yeah. Make sure that they're not too weak. Yeah. Everywhere. And how do
Do you rate whether a pit is weak or strong?
Well, like, you know, I monitor the slamming, you know, proper velocity, if they're going
clockwise, because you've got to go clockwise, and make sure the stage dives are grateful
yet totally rad, yeah, so you can spot me, you know, wherever a pit breaks out, you know,
workplace, schools, hospitals, churches, homes.
i hope i hope they don't break out of hospitals
oh yeah
stuff so well what are you going to
i mean how are you how are you punishing weak pits
well you know if if someone's growing up in the pit mm-hmm they got to do that
for like a month no pit for them
like a granny no pit for you
for a month
which which i mean she might
mind
who doesn't love uh... uh... uh... uh... good uh... rad pit
on old lady might not love it
sure they would
uh... wouldn't they
why wouldn't they because they're violent
as they should be
well that that's not for everybody
all you know it is for everybody what's that
party
the party what's the bit the big throw down
what is that
when mister ziggler gets uh... inaugurated
okay he's gonna have a bigger uh... inauguration party it's going to be
massive yet
he and i actually butted heads on this a little bit uh...
well i over what
well i wanted the entertainment to be you know something like a little more
bite
and he wanted something a little more universal sure
for everybody who did you want
well i'll tell you who he wanted first
okay he he wanted you know
but let me see here i got a card here hang on
uh... nam hooters
ashford and simpson
uh... cinderella man man
tommy con well the dead milkman
patty lapel
psychotic norman the oats band
uh... electric love muffin
the hall band
the roots
g-love and special thought
uh... the a's
uh... bill hally comets
tard rungren and it's like it goes on and on
and it's so that sounds like all filly related music oh yeah
so is so that actually something that you were not a
not a big not a big fan of
no not at all
it what uh...
what did it what what did you want or who did you want for the uh...
for the uh... for the uh...
the inauguration party
uh... decontrol why die f o d to this big exploits macrad uh... ruin circle of
s hit
uh-huh
okay
so that those are the bands you want to just straight yet
just straight hardcore
oh yeah
good time music from filly
good time music yeah yeah
you will you know uh...
whole uh...
pitch and rating uh...
and you don't picture anybody maybe having a problem with that uh... you know
it's it those the the the
inauguration parties are kind of meant to be these inclusive
fun things that everybody can can take place you know enjoy
and there's going to be a variety of people there's not just going to be fans
of hardcore
oh i know but that's why uh...
that's why this other thing is is so great
other element that that makes it for everybody
what what is that
uh... he wants david brener to swear him in
david brett the comedian david brener he wants to swear into all he wants him
to swear
uh... him into office
i don't know if that's
is that is that how it works
oh yeah
you can pick where we want
really and do you have a good
remember like gerald forward back back in the in the seventies he got evil
can evil to uh... swear him it
i don't know about that that does not sound
accurate
evil can evil sworn gerald ford
yet we can be it
what's that
we can be it
okay you're getting that wrong i i don't even have time to correct you on
that one
wick and p p yet no it's wicked peter but let's just move on
you're you're wrong you can look it up later so okay
well here's everything that he wants that i'm not completely sold on
uh-huh what's that here
i want to get your opinion on that
he wants to i can't even say what he wants to do
well you say it
Okay, well, just try it just okay. I mean, it's not going to use any curse words or anything. Okay, good good
I know yeah, that's not gonna happen either. I told him it should just be like pay-per-view
Stop
No, no, that's not gonna happen at all. You know what else is gonna happen what?
He wants to get the ghost of Robert Hazard to play
Well, that's definitely not going to happen.
I know.
I think it's impossible and also a little thick.
I think that's very, that's tasteless and he's a little off on that.
Yeah.
I'm feeling a little off too.
Yeah, how's that hammerhead?
I'm kind of bummed about something.
I know you're not going to agree with it.
What's that?
I'm kind of bummed that McCain lost.
Really?
yeah what what why are you I sounded like you were into Obama when you said
did I ever hear of them well technically I am uh-huh but you know I was all set to
launch my new band if McCain won yeah I can't do it now what was your band
gonna be called McCain youth why okay so you wanted a band kind of to to put
McCain as like the presidential villain totally yeah I the next four years all
planned out I was going to 37 in singles a year uh-huh yeah I was gonna make this
Jay retardity look like actual rose uh-huh with the amount of singles you're
going to put out actually yeah so you you were going to uh...
so but now you're kind of bummed i mean but that it's a good thing overall
that he's not
i know but not for me it's not going to be fun though you know we don't mean
to ran against now it's like the good guys won
yeah but when you voted i mean you vote you got to vote for the the
the better guy you know you got to vote for obama and that i know but it
did smell fun though it's like back when clinton was president you know
There wasn't really anything to make fun of, you know, but the best I could do were those MLA shirts.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
What's that?
MLA.
What's MLA?
Monica Lewinsky's Army.
That you had a band called Monica Lewinsky's Army?
Well, it wasn't really a band, it was more like just a thing, you know, and I made shirts and stuff.
One of the designs was a take-off on that Agent Orange single blood stain, but it's a dress stain.
Restains. Mm-hmm. Yeah, not my finest moment
Yeah, well that yeah, that's not your finest moment. I'm gonna agree with you on that
But I was so set up for McCain Palin who was gonna be so rad
I'd always pliers made up, you know with their heads to I get I
Terrific stuff. Yeah, that is terrific. You know, I thought I was gonna do what's that? I was gonna sell these McCain ringtones. Uh-huh
Basically, they go like this
You hear this voice going, oh Mr. President the Russians are attacking, eh, eh,
Mr. President you must do something, eh, eh. So you were gonna get the the that
that sound that he makes that yeah and kind of do it what the sound do it
come on
it's fun no come on do like you mean you jerk
come on
your dad's into it
louder
now i'm not allowed to go on now
come on
well i'm glad you
well you didn't get the look
i'm sorry you missed out on the marketing opportunity
to have john mccain is president
You can't make fun of a new guy, maybe a bad brand can get away with it, I don't know.
Stop it.
What?
People are going to...
Look, once he gets into office, everybody's going to say anything they want about him.
Yeah, I guess so.
The bad brands are racist.
What?
No, it's not.
I don't know, I still kind of had a place in general.
Uh-huh.
Kind of like Horace when he was up there with those guys in Toronto.
What's that?
Horace.
Horace.
Now, who's Horace?
Crack a mildly scot-influenced early 80s Rush album much.
It doesn't sound like you do.
I'm really lost now, wouldn't you?
Horace Panter, you know him as the bass player for the specials.
Yeah.
Yeah.
What about him?
Well, he played on Rush's signal album back in like 1981.
He did not.
you can a dummy
the guy from the the
the base for now the base player or for the specials did not play on on a
watch album
he certainly did
you know they had those songs that were kind of like the sky kind of reggae
influence like new world man
uh... heard world man subdivisions
uh...
yeah and getting lee couldn't he couldn't play that stuff
so the guy from the specials did
yeah alex life span suggested horror spanter
alix life sin
that's the guy from the from the from rush
i don't think so
think it's alex life span is alex life sin
anyway alex was the uh... a huge uh...
hardcore fan and he he met horse at the oa show back in eighty uh...
yeah i like love canadian hard court d o a stretch mark that's enough you
would be a sexual big little portion
hit all that stuff
the guy from rush
you know yeah huge hardcore fan of all you know i have actually wanted to do a
hardcore album but uh...
meal perd will wouldn't do it
because he said he's been he falls off of the place too fast
i've never heard that
in the oh yeah it was in all the drum magazines uh-huh
The what him talk they he admitted that his beanie would fall off. Yeah. Yeah
crazy stuff
About it that is kind of nuts. Yeah, but it's kind of an interesting pairing isn't it?
I mean, it's kind of like when Johnny winter produce an album from muddy Walters. I
Don't know Johnny Winters. Yeah, the guitarist album from muddy Walters
Muddy Waters who's that the guitarist right by the blues guy hey crack a mid-70s comeback
album by an aging blues pioneer featuring a way too long and plotting flong that would
20 years later be used in a Miller beer commercial much it doesn't sound like you do I have no
idea what you're talking about I had no idea Johnny Winters yeah produced a money Walter
the phone called man which boy
the stone covered on the love you live
man which
you manage
what that
what you know what
man there's no such song man which boy
i could never understand why it wasn't used for the man which commercials
uh...
well maybe because it's not
man which
Like Sloppy Joe's.
No, I know what they are.
You've never had a Sloppy Joe.
Oh my god.
Stop.
Yes, I have.
You're really misinformed.
Oh, I'm not.
The Love You Live album.
I just did it.
It was live.
Yeah, and that's why the word is live.
What, like the band live?
No, not like the band live.
throwing copper that's the yeah now that's the band live but that's not what I'm
talking about what are you talking about I'm talking about the stone yeah yeah
you're talking about that flask jump what is wrong with you did you're
hearing not work not really it yeah kind of plugged up sometimes jumping Jack
flash from that JFA show. Yeah, it sounds like you stood way too close to to to some speakers. Yeah, when they went into 10
peg, I lost it. Mm hmm. Yeah, these blanket bong out. Well, it's pretty exciting that you're you're even though you
didn't win the election. You're actually I'm doing it. Like I'm gonna be part of the ruling class. Yeah, you've
transition to pretty uh... effectively
and efficiently
yeah i'm getting my engineer boots uh...
signed up
your engineer boots
yeah what what are those
uh...
come on man what you should know more than anybody
you take them so many times in the carol okay uh... uh... you
well you see that laugh again that's the right way
Roy's laughing about. It's rubbing off on you. No, it's not. It is. No, it ain't. Yes, it is. You sound like
him now. Like who? You had a Philly accent there for a second. You don't know what you're talking about. Yeah,
it's rubbing off on you. No, it ain't. Oh, man. It is. Hey. Yeah.
you worried about this no no I think some kids down at the uh at the
sebum under leaving uh getting a totally weak pit going uh-huh yeah you
want to kind of yeah hey clockwise you munches come on that's weak come on
Come on you guys. Oh, man
Wow hammerhead sounds like the new mayor in Newbridge is rubbing off on him a little too much
Kind of like the way that oh, okay
Kind of like the way the band The Gorillas rubbed off on me.
She's got you insane, hey, look out for us, me and Batcha, and here she comes again
She's thinking to be made, but she said she's gonna love you
I feel blue, now I'm a blue, it's alright
I wanna start a fight, I don't know why she's really gonna love you
I'm telling you now, I've met you so well
What have you got?
I said you got a shirt
I know we're going to be a little taller
We've been a little taller
I want you
Get in question
She'll have a shot next to me
We've been
Party smashin'
She's got it all on the side
Give me a question, she'll drive you insane Hey, look out for us, man, let's jump, and
here she comes again Why did you say, you're burning up, why do you
Why did I do? I don't know. I'm too big. You make you be sad. You're only a girl.
Where can I go? I don't know. Tell me now. I say you got something wrong.
Wanna see a shadow of the moon?
Yes, we are back by show.
The Gorillaz, Gatecrasher, from the Gorilla Garage collection, with all of the great Jesse
Hector recordings over the years.
phone number two oh one two oh nine nine three six eight
the topic
you're selling it
you're selling it but i ain't buying it
fm you you're on the air
i thought this is the mirror and florida
samir quality caller
you do it tonight doing okay samir how are you
i'm all right i'm
kind of scared about hammerhead
running things now i'm
i'm worried that you might beat me up or something
he is the he's taking over i'm a little troubled by as well
uh... you can get drunk on power
i i would be very if i was a new bridge which i am by the way you're actually a
little
you're a little safer because you're down in florida
that's true but
it come up to visit
every so often yes so it could get good good good you could experience
the wrong end of a boot also
exactly especially since you know they're going to be looking at the houses for
week it
nowhere
Yes, nowhere is safe. Do you have anything for the topic, Samir?
Yeah, I do. I read about a film that just, I guess, got confirmed this week, which you might have heard about.
Ridley Scott has confirmed that he will be producing and probably directing Monopoly, the movie.
Monopoly, the movie.
Yeah, he's with, I'm just reading this from an article about it with an eye toward giving it a futuristic scene along the lines of his iconic Blade Runner.
And I'm going to say, whenever that does come about, I certainly shouldn't be buying it.
What is that? What's that even going to be?
I can't imagine how it wouldn't be horrible.
Monopoly the movie.
I mean, Monopoly the game is boring enough. I've never played it and it not end with someone just throwing the board away and saying forget this.
What's the board game? It's like the baseball of board games.
Exactly. It never ends and it's horrendously boring.
Yes, I can't imagine how it would, why and how it ought to be a film.
I have no idea. I am truly, truly troubled now. Monopoly, the movie.
What are they going to get? Who's going to play Mr. Monopoly? Bruce Dern? Dennis Hopper?
Wilford Brimley?
They'll get Harrison Ford back. Get off my board or something.
Yeah. I'm Mr. Monopoly. Here they get Clint Eastwood to play Mr. Monopoly.
Oh man. Wouldn't that be good?
I can't get my head around it.
George Clooney as the thimble?
Maybe.
Oh, I just...
I saw that and it just immediately made me.
I don't want to say furious, but definitely perplexed.
And one degree below furious.
Monopoly.
Roll the dice.
Summer 2011.
Hmm.
Ridley Scott presents Monopoly, the movie.
Russell Crowe is the slipper.
I think it's for the best. I'll leave the jokes to you.
Thanks, Amir. FMU, you're on the air.
Hi, Tom. It's Matt in Virginia.
Matt in Virginia, blue state, quality call, or what's up?
Well, I had one for the topic, but, you know, I think, I got ten bucks that says they get Morgan Freeman to narrate, says Mr. Monopoly.
Do you think you can get Morgan Freeman in there?
Either so many other things.
You're making me want to see this thing now?
Maybe Andy Milonakis.
Yeah, they'll probably get Andy Milonakis to play the dog.
I gotta get out on this monopoly, the movie.
What do you got for the topic, young man?
Well, I was coming out of the metro this morning and there are these guys at the top
handing out leaflets and barking out their pitch to get people to rent out
their homes for the inauguration yeah and that's just crazy there's millions of
people come into town and I might go I might do it too I might come to town
hey if you come to town you you got a place to stay Tom really many people
including me who put you up where um south of Washington DC how far south 15 miles will you
leave your house i i don't know part of me part of me wants to be there but it's it's going to be
like all the hats while trying to do something like time square on New Year's Eve you don't want
to cheer him on well yeah but from mile and a quarter away he'll hear your
cheers he'll hear your cheers I hope so I'm gonna do it I might I might go I
might stay at your house you're welcome to it thank you buddy well that's all I
have Tom I appreciate it if I'm you you're on the air hey Tom it's listening to
quality caller what's up
how are you doing
doing okay
that's great
uh... i was listening to uh... what's the mirror was talking about and it
and it was uh...
reminded me of that uh...
the face book movie that uh...
erin sorkin supposed to be doing
face book movie
yeah he's he's he's doing a movie
based on face book
so that's yeah
that that sounds bad but my uh...
my uh... thing for the topic tonight what's that what movies next daily cost
movie
yet
directed by pasta groverous
it'll be the uh...
crooks and liars movie
uh... might might be for the topic tonight is a cool news movie and a cool
news movie
what jack at all about how we got the inspiration for the site
they can get kevin smith to play a harry
i don't think that kevin smith
uh...
bulked out enough to play a harry knolls
yeah no now that he's gonna slimmed down he certainly won't be
but that the topic is is that these pointless completely pointless remakes
yeah like a lot like what what constitutes a completely pointless
remake
well there's a there's a few of them don't you believe that ever
don't you think i'd write her
no no no no i'm talking about i'm talking about movies i'm talking about
uh...
jadon
smith
doing uh...
the karate kid
wilson is going to produce the karate kid uh... with his son as a karate kid
um...
samuel jackson as shown up
the show gone of harlem in a remake of
the last dragon
movie nobody wanted the first time around
So, but this is the one that I, my head almost exploded the other day.
Uh, Larry Clark is remaking Mona Lisa with Hayden Christensen.
What?
Try to get your head around that one.
I don't want to.
Hayden Christensen, somebody said, yeah, yeah, you know what?
You know that Bob Hoskins part?
Yeah.
It was some sort of young vaguely good-looking, mildly talented, no-talent, as the Bob Hoskins
role.
And then we'll get some Jessica Alba type or something to play the hooker.
I don't know.
I don't know what, and Larry Clark, that's the part that really I can't figure out what
that's all about.
And as Samir said, I shan't be buying it.
He has a prevert.
Yeah.
Larry Clark.
Yeah.
And Hayden Christensen's well out of his age range at this point.
So I don't know what he's thinking.
I don't like any of this stuff.
Yeah.
I think there ought to be some kind of a law or something, but maybe in the new administration
maybe we'll see.
Hopefully.
Oh, we can only hope.
Thank you.
Sorry. FMU, you're on the air.
Hey Tom, how you doing?
Doing alright, who's this?
Who?
Trembling Eagle.
Trembling Eagle, how are you tonight?
Yeah, I'm good, man. How you doing?
What's going on? Tell me about the, what's the good music that we should be listening to?
The new Soul Williams album? Anything?
There is a good song. He's got this song called Black Student Union. It is rocking, man.
I need to check it out sometime.
You know what I heard today?
What's that?
Maybe you'll agree with me, but this song is good.
It's perfect.
Except for the chorus is pretty terrible.
That Rod Stewart song.
What song's that?
She sits alone waiting for a suggestion.
Oh, do you think I'm sexy?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you're really new to them. You really are new to this stuff. Well, I didn't grow up with rock
You know, you gotta give me a what?
How old are you again?
Uh, I grew up in the 80s
This is a guy by the way. He called me a big fat cell on my own message. No, no, no, no. He's like, yeah
Maybe it's time for you to get in shape
No, no, no
So cute what's what you try weightlifting? Yeah weightlifting
yeah that's the answer no no no see that's the thing about the internet you
kind of lose some of the nuance that actually caught on somebody face to face
you wrote it you wrote it what nuance I mean you know I regret it afterwards I
need to get in shape I'm not about that though I'm in better shape than you first
First of all, I guarantee that, I'm stronger than you, I'm faster than you, I'm better
at everything that you could ever do, I'm better at, everything.
See, that's the thing, it's not a competitive thing, it's not a competitive thing, it's
not a...
No, it is.
Now it is.
Also, it's going to be how it's competitive, you're starting to back down.
No, no, no.
It's an invitation, it's more of an invitation of something.
How much can you lift?
In what?
Straight up bench press.
Oh bench?
See, I don't want to...
Oh, I don't want to brag.
I don't want to brag.
I really don't.
Throw a number out.
Throw a number out.
Like my best?
Yeah.
My best bench.
Yeah.
What is it?
Well, you're not going to believe me, but whatever.
It's 4.15.
4.15?
Yeah.
Mine's 980.
impressive
what you're saying me i want to see what they would would miss their handsome
looks like
okay yeah yeah yeah yeah you
they're telling me i'm a fat blob no no no it's not you want to start weight
lifting
no i can see how much it's done for you
yeah you guys right in man but the guy's writing things
he's saying yeah we start weightlifting it'll help get your mind in shape
and then meanwhile he's writing a post that he regrets
Whose mind is in shape?
So close to pushing you in the hate pit
No, I know. I'm so close. It's not a love brother. It's so close
Trembling Eagle. Yes, sir. You're in the hate pit. You're in the hate pit
Get in there
Drudge Liviamon
No, I'm not I'm not hanging Matthew from flux blog over the hate pit anymore
I'll beat that guy in anything anything weightlifting race. I'll do anything foot race marathon sprint
Whatever he wants to do
baseball football hockey basketball
Air hockey you name the sport. I'll beat him at it
Tetris
anything. If there's scoring, I'll beat him at it. FM you, you're on the air.
Hey, Tom, it's Spoonie in Brooklyn. How you doing? I'm doing all right. How are you, Spoonie?
I'm doing really good. I'm glad to hear it. You know, I can vouch. I've met you.
Yes. You're, you're, you're no nosebleed. Try to say I'm fat blob. Sick. It's all muscle. It's all
muscle intimidating guy you read with the new york times called me
the new york times called me
atlas i think now they're exact words
it looked like a dead john q sack was a linebacker
that's what they said
you check it out
you know i might have might have their laughing go go check it out mike
you check it out
dare you mike's laughing you're close to mike
you're close to
you would be joining trembling eagle down there to you talk about jones down
all day so jones town and rott stuart
what can i do for you spony
all anyways well i had some of their topic i was going to say that uh...
when it comes to flasks
people who
carry flasks around shows or events i'm i'm not buying it
i'm with you on that the people just like
they they uh...
they need they want to get uh... completely uh...
blasted
right for out to the boos that they brought to the show
it's muggled and
when they're going to laugh from like
one song and twenty minutes later they got a headache
exit
for that
not like a spoon i've met this guy spoonie more than once
there's a gentleman
thank you he goes to a club he buys a drink at that club
and i pay to hang out
exactly
i don't bill put a dollar down and then when the bartenders looking
remove it run away
it's what goons do
spony quality caller thank you
and i don't
you know else irks me uh... along these same lines
you know the same improv everywhere
you know that is mike
it's it's this thing on the internet it's these guys who uh...
they do these pranks
they call like missions and things they're the pranks
where like they uh...
they all show up at best by wearing blue polo shirts
and like they all walk around like a hundred of them walking around blending
with the Best Buy employees.
Yeah, it's like that flash mob.
They do the freeze thing where they show up in like the train station and it all froze.
You know, they'll do these pranks.
They do these pranks where they, where they, I just saw this one online.
And look, first of all these guys won't admit that they're pranks.
pranks they're trying to say oh we make the world fun we make people rethink
their environment you're doing pranks just own it they're pranks I saw this
one I almost lost my lunch when I saw this thing they went to an airport they
went to an airport where they these improv everywhere people where they go
Okay, I think it does ends up people like hey, we're doing a thing at the airport show up
so these people show up
We're gonna go and we're gonna be at the airport over by the the the luggage by the baggage area and
You see one of the car service limo guys holding a sign for someone
We're all gonna act like that person
like we're all waiting for that person and we're gonna have a big thing welcome
back so they find some woman in names like Janet or something like they see a
guy holding the sign for it and they all write signs welcome back Janet Janet
welcome home all this stuff so Janet walks off the plane she's coming into
the thing she sees her name on a sign and then all these people go up they
hand their flowers and they start yeah Janet this woman's like this is not for
me what is this so they're doing their big prank on her and they can say oh well
we're just trying to change her we're just trying to make her rethink her
environment you know what they're trying to do they're trying to say hey Janet
this is what it would be like if people like you at the airport yes Mike they
did do a band where they did this thing where it's like hey let's find a band
that no one cares about and then we'll go online we'll learn all their songs
and we'll know all the words and we'll show up at it was like at the mercury
lounge this band shows up on a weeknight and suddenly it's packed and these
people are there they're jumping around they're singing all the songs they made
shirts for them and basically the message their whole thing they're
going to say is well we're saying is we're just saying hey we're giving this
band the night of their lives where they've got a packed club and everybody
knows the song yeah you could say that but what you're actually doing is hey
imagine if anybody actually liked your awful band your unpopular band that's
what they're saying that band ended up I think they ended up breaking up or they
They were completely upset by it.
They did not like that experience in retrospect.
It's like humiliating.
They all act like they're really, oh, it's so much fun.
It was so much fun. We had everybody
jumping around and singing the songs. We gave that band
the greatest talk. No, you didn't. You humiliated them.
Cuz all you're saying is oh, man, you guys have no fans. What if you did?
What if you had fans it might go something like this?
Sick pranks just own it it's pranks
People with nothing better to do in their lives
Show up at a thing
It's grown up time we got a grown-up president now
Stop it.
Guys, spend the entire day at the airport
cheering some woman who doesn't know what's up.
You know what?
Least the jerky boys?
Jerky boys are at least just making prank phone calls.
They own what it is.
Hey, we're doing pranks.
I'm gonna waste some guys after.
I'm gonna waste 15 minutes of some guy's time
by acting like I'm trying to get my car fixed.
Or I want to get a job at a garage.
Oh, not the not the improv everywhere jokesters
Show up
Waste everybody's time poor woman woman getting off the airplane, you know hard it is to travel you have the airplane your your head spinning
You feel like you just left the mixed martial arts thing
Like you just fought a Kimbo slice
I'm supposed to go there. I'm walking off the plane dehydrated exhausted
There's all these goons waiting there with signs with my name on it. I would do I'd call security have them all arrested
Have all thrown in jail
Every last one of them pranks that's sick
Look, improv everywhere. Thumbs down, improv, here we go. Improv, I'm throwing improv everywhere
into the hate pit, all of 9,000 of you. The hate pit just got crowded. Anyone who has
ever participated in an improv everywhere stunt is in the hate pit right now. And you
can each make your individual case to me why you should not get out of the, why you should
be allowed out of the hate pit
fm you you're on the air
that's what i'm not by and i'm not buying improv everywhere
uh... who took to whom am i speaking
this is erica erica from
ball for more super caller how are you tonight
i'm good
the hot night for the hate it is a hot night
The hate pit is heating up.
And the other thing, people say it's hot in the hate pit.
It's cold in the hate pit.
Cold in Baltimore.
You know what it actually is in the hate pit?
It's cold sometimes.
Most of the time, it's just stuffy.
It's like, oh, somebody needs to open a window in here.
That's what the hate pit feels like.
It's not hell.
People think it's hell.
It's not hell.
It's like humid.
It's 15 feet down.
Well, I had one for the topic.
Let's hear what you got, Erica.
I'm not buying the whole build your own computer thing.
I've been working in computers for like 10 years.
And I've met so many people that, you know, when you say like, oh, yeah, you know, I ordered a Dell, you know, a laptop.
They're like, oh, no, you know, you should build your own, you know, it only takes your own.
You know, like this much effort, you know, like you order all the pieces separately
and you order a case.
And they always have problems.
That sounds great.
Build your own computer.
Yeah, because computers cost $300 now.
Put together.
Yeah, you get a little service plan.
Something breaks.
They replaced the parts.
They're free.
You could have saw it.
Now I got to sit there with a soldering iron.
Trying to attach the motherboard to this thing.
i will say i will say the del did want to have the open my lap top up while i
was on the phone with
uh... customer service
what
i don't know how to do this
you know what
and i'm supposed to make my own computer and now a sudden
hey it's all done it click it
it doesn't go on
well great
it may be i should have spent the three hundred bucks and got the computer
sent to me
i didn't have to spend four days trying to build my own computer
Great, it comes in a nice box, it's all protected and you plug it in and it works.
Yes, Erica, I am in complete agreement with you tonight.
Complete agreement.
Alright, cool.
You have a good night.
Alright, bye.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi.
Hi, who's this?
This is Dania in Obama Land.
Dania in Obama Land, what's going on tonight?
Not a lot, how are you?
Doing okay.
Good.
I had one for the topic.
Let's hear it.
You know, there's new, like, DTV converter boxes
that you're supposed to get in order to be able to watch TV
if you don't have cable?
Sure, yes.
I'm not buying that.
You're not buying it, so are you going to be without television?
Yes, I'm just going to give it up, completely.
Come February, you can't get television.
I don't think I'll be at too much of a loss, sorry.
Just get one of the things.
I shouldn't say that because...
Just get one of the things.
I don't know.
I mean, I can always go to a friend's house and watch it.
Trust me.
Your friends don't want you coming over watching TV.
Your friends aren't going to be happy that you're using them for their television.
Okay.
Just get one of the things.
Yeah, but as an option.
TV's not the enemy.
thank you done yeah if I'm you you're on the air good evening Tom a good evening
to you how are you doing I'm doing okay all right I got something for the
topic tonight what do you got I'm not buying Axl Rose or his Chinese
democracy that's right the the album Chinese democracy comes out when next
week sometimes soon I don't know I've heard the song on the radio I thought it
was garbage who even who is anybody really waiting for that outside of like
the morbid curiosity factor probably all those those people that go to their
shows and such it's almost like it the it's almost like if an album was coming
out by like the the the Elliot Spitzer prostitute like that's almost what it's
like at this point like it's the same level of weird curiosity what it's
gonna be like look at what he's done with the band he's just totally written
them them all out of the picture who's going to be with them
buckethead we will find out look this album might be pretty good I've got a
good feeling about it I don't know about that that's gonna blow in line with a
metallic album look why don't you and I both just do it where why don't we both
just buy it and we'll let the music we'll listen without prejudice as George
Michael said. I don't know if I could do that. Let's just buy it, okay? No. I just buy it.
I'm not buying it. You're gonna buy it. I'm not gonna buy it. I'm gonna throw it in the trash.
That one in the AC-DC record. They're only selling a Walmart. That's another thing.
These records, they only sell at these chain stores. Yeah, it's weird. Yeah. I got actually
set foot in a Walmart now to buy an AC-DC album or a Starbucks. You know, you can go to Starbucks
and buy some exclusive there too. Sonic Youth were good for that.
Well, no, they put a collection out. It was not a new Sonic Youth album.
It had a new song, ain't it?
Yeah, everybody picked out the songs for it.
Yeah, yeah. I don't like you.
You're on the air.
Hello? Hello?
Hey, Tom, how are you? This is Brad.
Yes, Brad? How can I help you?
Well, I'm calling on behalf of Improv Everywhere and I'm calling and I'm just I'm just a little concerned as to why we were thrown into this this hate pit that that I call your armpit
Are you pranking me?
No, I'm not pranking you. I'm curious. I want to talk to you about Improv Everywhere
That's all I say about Improv Everywhere
Hey, buddy. Stop. Hello
Sounds like you're in gay. It looks sounds like you're in control of your uh your people over there
Oh, it's my idiot brother. He's just like to scream for no reason
I don't want to talk to you about improv everywhere about, you know, these pranks that you soak
that you claim, you know, listen, a lot of their pranks, as of late, have become, you
know, a bit fancy and a bit, you know, you know, hand turned upside down and a bit stupid,
to be honest.
But let's look at, let's really look at where it all began.
It began with a prank on you two.
Yeah, the band, or you as well, Tom Sharpling.
Tom?
Yeah.
So, do you know about the prank that I'm talking about?
You two.
No, I don't.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
You two was playing a concert at Madison Square Garden.
Oh, okay.
I know exactly.
They went on a roof or something and pretended to be you two.
Yeah, that's funny because they are making fun of people.
listen you're right they're always making the planks
they're not experiments are things the planks pranks and it's really stupid
of them to call them to call them you know what do they call them
but missions in the weather and missions right
yet that actually submitted a couple of missions on my own
and they rejected every single one because they said mine were they were
mal-intended so you're not in on this thing of the you lied
but i've been a part of their email list
so i consider my part i i consider myself part of the hate it now part of the
email is because
because i i you know i i'd to be honest i don't be with i think that they're
selling out a to be honest or that new website about
you know senate
your own kind and i say
i want to have nothing to do with that
something you have more problems with them than i do
listen
tom were on the same page as one of the one you brought up on the list of
evo
coop
as good as a guy that guy's got problems with improv everywhere
i'm just saying it seems like a big waste of time
people go with spend all day standing around an airport
go clean a park
Those same 15 people decided to go pick up a park somewhere.
Yeah, go get the sticks with the little metal sharp edges.
Go clean up a park, those same 15 people.
That would actually change things.
I'm going to prank some lady getting off an airplane.
scrub graffiti awful wall
so grown-up times now we've got a grown-up president grow-up
fm you you're on the air
eight on the john from a port john from a port o seven o four two
o seven o four o you got it
what can i do for you john
well uh... two things one for the topic but quickly um...
i thought of a website that might actually make a good movie
And that would be Friendster, the movie.
And it could be like Cormac McCarthy's The Road,
like completely desolate.
Yeah, just because it is.
It is like this weird.
Do you think there's anybody out there who's like,
I'm not giving in.
I'm not going to my space.
Not realizing that like my space.
Nobody goes to my space anymore.
Like I'm not making the move to my space.
No way.
There are two steps back.
Yeah.
it's possible
i wonder if there's anybody i would see that movie
i would see that movie
uh...
now for the topic
uh...
i'm a big fan of entertainment weekly
that i have to admit
uh...
but the hit list
that part of it
the hit list is that the last page of them in the magazine
no it's the thing where they have one quick
sentence about some current event in entertainment
and then they have some little joker quip
about that
and there's ten of them
all that's the thing that's kind of a it's like earlier in the magazine yes
that's right
and they're never ever funny exactly i have not laughed at one of these
once and they have ten tries each magazine
yeah there they're the unfunny things you've ever read
and i i can imagine why they're still there
they're like weird puns and things like uh...
like uh... angeli angelina joe lee just sent she's gonna do a little blah blah
now jennifer aniston would only stop our barber barber
right that's the structure
so what i'm looking at right now says paris hilton is reportedly worried about
her space flight
no hesitation now paris to inanity and beyond
is right with a joey the ghost of joey adams
writing that stuff
you'd get that bazooka joe people wouldn't hire you with that stuff
those jokes bazooka joe would be like that we
we want our jokes to be a little funnier than that you're looking for
something a little ed to your bazooka joe a little better constructed comedy
oh john
i thank you again have a good night top
fm you you're on the air
by this is michael and young son ohio
hi michael how are you tonight
I'm pretty good. How are you doing? All right, I have one for the topic. Let's hear it. I'm not buying web comics
Because it's they're like real pretentious and like if you're sub
Our family circus. I think really you should just give it up if you can't make it into the newspaper
Harsh words
Harsh words young man, you know, sometimes people need to be knocked on a few pegs, you know
You're a tough task master.
Sometimes.
Thank you.
Alright.
Oh, what are we going to do?
Tonight's show, Mike.
Scale of one to ten, be honest.
Soft three, what?
He said a soft three.
Unbelievable.
what to do to please this guy
next week john hodgman on the program live in the studio
get ready
he of more information than you require
he of
my area of expertise areas of expertise
he of mac versus pc
he of the uh... daily show resident expert
up-market guests
that's what i need now up-market
by the way hank for us on them last week
unbelievable started to show off with the hank for tonight
one of the uh... bands i played in the opening set
i saw them in maxwells
they were doing all this stuff they had that kid you not
they played their final song they played was the best show theme this song
because they uh... the hank for actually
most of the hank for are in the theme weavers who who
put this song together
didn't even get to the age man updates tonight
didn't even get to him
didn't get to tell my uh... story of uh...
scalping tickets
That's right.
Lot of action in the hate pit.
Olivia Munn in, Jerry Seinfeld out,
movie boy out, trembling eagle in.
Every member of improv everywhere in.
If I'm you, you're on the air.
If I'm you, you're on the air.
Tom?
Hey.
Hey, this is Ed in Lawrence, Kansas.
Hey, Ed.
How are you tonight?
Good.
I did have a quick thing about that improv everywhere because I totally agree with you that most of the time
they're just messing with people and being mean
the uh... but uh... i i i i just happen to be listening to uh...
uh... that
uh... jessie thorns the sound of young america this week and he had he talked
to ira glass
about their
their show on uh... improv everywhere and
jessie thorn was kind of kind of sticking out for improv everywhere you
think i will be in two mean
you're being you know you you weren't being pretty improv everywhere who was
being mean ira glass was judging them
he thought that the the piece that
ira glass did with not very kind improv everywhere well they're not very kind
of people
well that's not why you know it was just a fair piece that you know don't tell
that to the slob the slob is working at best by
is really how we want to spend his day eighty people walking around in blue
was about the the band
of the band thing where they were they took some poor band and learned other
songs horrible
and uh... just an awful thing to do
you know this and it's a great
you know now
where do we go from here and we're here
we're here and a few million things about
yes they just got humiliated
imagine if you guys had fans
if someone like your songs
yes only
i'm with you
well but what i'm not buying it there seems like there's a lot of uh...
celebrity
uh... tell-all book they're coming out lately talk about those
the roger more one last week
but then there's also uh... you know like i think indeed from the brady
bunch of like that and uh...
uh... robert wagner mooring mccormick thank you oh yeah that one that
more show from the brady bunch as a book i called here's the story
and the robert wagner one where at least
he could do something to to think that you might want to buy a word that he
was going to kill warren baby
but then you hear it
it's like i don't need to read the robert wagner book now
about the exciting part where he says he's going to kill warren baity that he
wanted to kill him
because i heard about it now
right yet that surely there's nothing else that's interesting in that book
rah rah what you can talk about a heart of heart
heart-to-heart heart-to-heart yeah
it's going to give the behind-the-scenes on heart-to-heart
but uh... who's a definite with him and stepney uh...
St. John or whoever that was. Yeah, it's definitely zimblest. I don't know. There you go
Thank you for the call you were the final call of a program. Have a good night
Look improv everywhere people before you start pranking me
This is all I'm saying
You want to spend your days doing that or power to you?
So you just got to own that it's mean it's mean
Just own that there's a meanness to it
You're going out, you're picking on people who did not sign up for this.
And you're the ones laughing at it, high five in each other.
Sick.
You know what, enough of the dark stuff, the down stuff.
It's time we had fun, and what's better than good old fashioned fun with Evan Funk
Davies. The show he's got planned tonight is very exciting. You know him from the Howard
Stern show. You've loved his comedy CDs. That's right. The one and only Jackie the
joke man live in the studio with Evan Funk Davies tonight. The two of them are going to
go at it. See who can stump each other with the bodiest jokes. And then they're
going to talk about the charity that Jackie has started that Evan is a big
part of. It's called Catamaran for Kids. It's trying to get kids on high class
boats sick kids so everybody Jackie the joke man catamarans for kids Evan
funk Davies all kinds of stuff planned for tonight WFM U East Orange WX HD man
home world water world web at WFM U dot o-r-g next week John Hodron live in
studio. That's my NBC thing. That's not it. No, I just like ding dong. This is a
best show production. Stay tuned for Evan Funk Davies. Another best show
production.