The
radio show ever. Hey, who's this?
I am British Wales Governor of Alabama.
Hi, it's Gerald from Harlanner.
Tom Sharpling, Governor of Party.
Hey, Tom, it's Purple Turf.
Hey, Tom, it's Mark Michaels.
This is Richard Cardinger.
What's your name?
Baron.
Barring.
Well, what's inside the tube?
Firecrush.
Maurice Kurtz.
Horrifying.
Hey, Thomas Bruce.
Johnny!
Who's this?
Genji Vitis.
Yes, they have ring polarity at the wall.
I guess it's wood.
I hate you.
It's Peter.
Hey, it's Steinberg.
Mm-hmm.
You are creepy, and I'm hanging upon you, pho-ing.
Roger Depp.
My name is Ollie Fairnock.
I'll say it.
You'll hear it.
You'll do it.
I'll get it.
You'll learn it.
I'll live with it, and you'll die without it.
Mash your trash.
There's a policy call.
Good day.
What's up, Tom? It's Tristan.
Hey, it's Michelle.
Yeah, Tom. This is Jim Riffle. How you doing?
When I get to do the toilet talk now.
It's a vaudeville of the new century.
My name is Tom Riley. I'm calling from New Zealand.
Hey, man, it's Brian.
Ted, don't stand with that. It's a tent pole. It's a tent pole show.
Hey, this is Tedlia.
Whaaaaaaat?
This is Pete from the Future.
Hi, Tom. It's DJ Terry Chase.
Hey, from Knoxville.
Supercallers off the top.
My name is Mike Zajak.
Get off my phone, I don't care.
Hey, this is it, be canned, man.
I'm going to go to bed now, bye, friend.
Hey, Tom, it's Gordon.
Hey, Gordon, how are you?
I was in a band in the early 90s, my name's Jerry Page.
Tom, why do you listen to Jeffrey Ludell?
It's a fat, diseased, wilder, right?
Isn't it?
The disenfranchised, have a home now.
I'm the hero of the disenfranchised.
How can a person get anything done?
It's the best show on the U.F.N.U.
It's the best show on the U.F.N.U.
It's the best show on the U.F.N.U
It's the best show on the U.N.V.U.
Don't you have that view here on the air?
Hey, Tom! It's Roy!
It's Billy Boy Roy! You don't know what he's talking about!
Hey, Roy, it's Roy! That movie!
It's Ronnie! Yeah, long time no film, huh?
Best show on the U.N.V.U.
It's the best show on the U.N.V.U.
It's a special one of you and then you
Bang!
Get off my phone!
My soul is black
My heart is blue
You'll never come back
And I love you
My soul ain't <E.D.> to me
That's fit into these eyes
My soul is black
Oh yeah, we bein' our life
Yine and I'll never listen to me, baby
For the sins of Jesus, let me hold you
Sing for training every day now
Believer is too shrilly
My soul is black
My heart is blue
You'll never come back
And I love you
My soul is true
My spirit is designed
My soul is black
Oh yeah, it'll be my life
I ain't here, I'll go
Listen to me, baby
All the things that will let me hold you
Sinful, freedom, everything out
Believer is through a shred
My soul is black
Early in my heart is blue
You'll never come back
And I love you
My solid stone
My spinning inside
My soul is black
We're not lying
Oh, my soul is black
We're not lying
My soul is black, black, whoa, it's been a long
He's got second choice
He's up a here boy
He's up a here boy
He's a big hero boy
But now the luster has gone to be a boy
There's no more
He'll save him from being a man I've made
He's got precious youth
Look the second pursuit
Another shine was then changed tradition for when
We'll save them from being a man I've made
He's got clothes all wet, all on a purple bed, but now the resin ties, he's no longer a
There he goes.
We'll save him from being a man not named.
He's a peculiar boy.
This is a peculiar boy.
And now his skin is slack, he shows us how to like.
We'll save and remain a nightnight
You know who I am, you said
The speaker was an angel
He coughed and shook his cobbled wings
Losed his eyes, blew his lips
This time he should be gone
Waiting so long I've been waiting so long
I've been waiting so long, I've been waiting so late
I've been waiting so long, I've been waiting so late
We're going to be doing the best we can in the world.
We're going to be doing the best we can in the world.
No one seems to hear him, so he lived for a magazine
And y'all in love to slip away the very same, he seems to be
So long that we're waiting, so waiting
To back it up, driven by the night, still you come
Waiting so long, I've been waiting so waiting
Look back at anger, here is my voice
Do you know, waiting so long, man?
Waiting so long, I've been waiting so waiting so
I've been waiting so long, I've been waiting so, waiting so
Glad to see you bring it some of the table
Look, son, this is the big leagues.
You're barely T-ball level.
You go up to the play to T-ball.
The ball stands and on the stand for you.
You just gotta swing away.
You're hitting yourself in the head with the bat.
You're T-ball, Junior.
Get off my phone, you little troll.
little troll
This is the truth of my show
Double your way back to you
My show
Double your way back to you
My show
Double your way back to you
My show
You
oh yeah holy moly mike level check how do sound mike good check ready to move
forward so anyway this is the best show on WFM you back for another Tuesday night
extravaganza my name's Tom Sharpling I'll be your host of tonight's episode
entitled to much fun which will be ironic because at the end of the episode
you will say to yourself what happened all that fun he promised none of it the
phone number two oh one two oh nine nine three six eight action packed show tonight
we're going to make radio history. That's right. We're going to make radio
history. Why? Because the one and only Ted Leo. That's right. Songwriting
superstar Ted Leo is going to write a song with us tonight on the radio. We will
write the lyrics. He is in a recording studio right now. We will write the lyrics. He will
then go off from scratch and create a song and play it back at the end of the show. Unbelievable.
So right off the top I say 201-209-9368. I need help crafting this thing. We need
lyrics. We just heard from David Bowie from his larger album. We heard look back in anger
before that monochrome set from their great new collection called the independent singles
collection on the cherry red label. We heard it's Frank and starting us off from a fantastic
new collection called the in crowd not the in crowd the in crowd volume 3 we
heard Jean Williams with my soul is black I should have played track four
Deeter Zimmerman his version of whole lot of love
Jeepers creepers maybe we'll hear that next week
2-0-1, 2-0-9, 9, 3, 6, 8, Lyric Time, let's craft this song.
Mike said, do we have a subject?
I don't know, let's see where you guys take it, and then I will help guide us.
We have Mike and Studio, and then also, very special treat tonight.
We have an intern in the studio, that's right.
The best show on WFMU has an intern.
I'm gonna throw the mic on for a second.
You could talk into that mic,
what's your name, young man?
I'm just gonna bleep it there.
I don't want your name going out of the air.
The preverts in this audience?
Yeah.
They'll be over your house tonight.
You don't want that?
No.
Now you are a young man in high school, yes?
Yes.
And you are looking to make your way through the world, yes?
Yes.
And you are looking for tutelage?
Yes.
All right, are you a senior exactly all right, and you're going to school next year. Yeah, what's cool temple?
In the ghetto
In in the ghetto great
This intern things working out smashingly already
Who sent you who's that with it with that with that attitude? Stevie blue
Not Stevie blue that other creep the fisherman
So it's that guy. I can't even remember her anymore. I'm just kidding. So anyway, you
are going to be helping out tonight. You are an intern. You will do whatever you are asked
to do. Yes. Correct? Of course. If I ask you, for example, to go get Mike a piece of vanilla
cake from the diner, will you do that? Yes, sure.
Mmm, because Mike loves vanilla cake.
You will help transcribe these lyrics, yes?
Sure, exactly.
The correct answer is yes.
Yes.
There we go.
Let's get into it.
Oh, excuse me, sir.
You're right.
I'm sorry.
I'm pacing out the show, not at your pet.
You're right, you're right, Dan.
I'll go faster.
Eapers.
That's already cracking the whip on me.
I don't like this.
has been here for the three minutes
these are telling me uh... what how it's done
fm you you're on the air
is made from st paul
nate from st paul made from st paul how are you tonight
and doin pretty decent how are you doing doing all right
right i uh... came up with some uh... lyrics
uh... heard uh... right
read about the
uh... subject on the friends of time message board
yes i decided to uh...
put together uh... four lines that
uh... read like they were written by uh... richard melter if he had head
trauma
so all right
i'd like to give it a shot
let's hear what you've got
and then we don't don't write yet damn
don't write that this guy's lyrics might be terrible
it'll be a waste of ink
there is the outside chance they might be terrible yet
uh... okay
let's hear it
teenage super trash mozzarati nightmare i don't like it already
goodbye
head off my phone
i want to know what is a rob zombie song
do you need to be some of the right to be the ball ball ball
but i don't know that
rob zombie well that's it that
that music has aged well
now he's doing to film what he did to movies
i mean to uh... to uh... music
what you know you hear about the new rob zombie movie mike you know he's
doing now
a remake you never gonna believe what it is
all in the family
he's doing an all in the family movie
rob zombie
unbelievable
Yes, that is real. You'll never, guess who's playing Meathead?
Moby.
Who wants that? Anybody want that?
I don't want it. He was playing Archie in it.
No idea. Val Kilmer. Yeah.
who wants this I don't know who wants this you who's playing Edith the woman
from Third Rock from the Sun Kristen Johnson or whatever her name is she is
very tall 201 209 9368 we need lyrics I don't need the the well in the outside
chance that these lyrics aren't very good teenage Mazarani superstar because
we've got Ted Leo and the pharmacist sitting in a studio right now waiting to
record a song this guy's might end up these guys might end up in the territory
of buzzsaw by the turtles the way this is gonna go we're literally all you do is
say buzz saw which would not be bad if that's what we decide on that it should
be a one word song, so be it. FMU, you're on the air. Hi, this is Nixie from San Francisco.
Nikki? Mixie. Mixie. Mixie. What? Mixie. Nixie. Nixie. Nixie. Oh, I'm sorry. How could
I not have understood that on your cheap phone? Nixie. Come on, Nixie. What are you
call it what do you call a football phone
yeah you know i'd love that
okay fair enough
do you have lyrics for us
i don't have any lyrics but i have an idea for a subject all right let's hear it
something of uh... of a song of solidarity for the
astronauts trapped in space with no working toilet
and that's a song that'll be the song will be uh...
that song will have ever spoiled by next week
yeah but they need that they need some motivation to keep going
yet we all know it look
these astronauts
i hope they hang in there
more power to them
you know what though
they'll get through it
yeah i suppose
so really that's what you want
you got deadly is one of the uh... songsmiths
this guy's like a uh... bill building guy
That's what I want, it's what those brave astronauts want.
Oh stop, mixed the...
Jeez, this song's going to be a disaster.
You got Ted Lee with the pharmacist sitting in the studio, guitar as the
guitar's at the ready,
bass is at the ready, drums is at the ready.
Turn the chocolate-covered kisses!
Mike went to a Stevie blue concert last week.
I don't know how we got tickets.
I couldn't get in.
I was on stub hub all weekend.
Are we comped you?
It's all who you know.
Do I have to give some guidance here?
Do I have to give guidance on this one?
alright
maybe the songs gotta be kinda like a uh...
like the ultimate
ted leo song
like uh...
and i can't believe they did the phones are dead
two-oh-one two-oh-nine nine three six we've got tedley win the pharmacist
ready to write a song
on whatever we decide here as listeners
and you people are uh... coming up high and dry now
what if it was like uh...
what if it's like uh...
we just get uh...
call
this huh i'm doing this in front of Dan this guy this guy's watching the show
flame out
supposed to be my moment of triumph
alright keep it yourself
you're not on mike
as they impress me
i'll throw you out of here you won't graduate high school
your high school graduation depends on this
yes okay well that's
if i'm you you're on the air
it
it had how are you
how are you
doing okay
good good good
uh... let me come up with some of some uh... things here
then we'll let the listeners uh... get to work
and then we'll talk to you in a little bit what about uh...
what about a song right
like i we don't want it to be this is not going to be uh... the we're not going
to do well we didn't start the fire here
we're out and why not you know but sure as you've got the two hours to do
we didn't start to play with it
you think Billy Joel really put you know
a couple hours into that one
you know i don't think he did actually
so what i have to make i mean i'm you know i'm really jul
then again there is only one of them
actually like the Highlander
right
that's right it can be only one
uh... except that's like the inverse of the highlander words like please
there can only be one
thank god
so uh...
i think what if it was one of those songs were like you introduced the band
uh... like a start of it
like if it's like uh...
fix
but you can't like
big steve holding down the drum set like
It like one of those like like almost like dance to the music. I'm I like it
Yeah, then it'll shift right away from that. Okay, so who do we got? We got big Steve in the band, right? Yeah
We got big Steve little James big Steve little Jimmy
And
Marty violence and Marty violence. Okay. Yeah, so let's see big Steve is on the drum set
Okay, right this down Dan. Ready? Big Steve is on the drum set. Counting it 4x4. Right?
Yep. But the thing is, people are going to think it's like a party song and then it's
going to turn political. Love it. Right? Yeah. Big Steve is on the drum set. Counting it
four by four. Little Jimmy's playing, what does he play?
guitar. plays guitar. Little Jimmy on the sixth
string. What'd she say? Little Jimmy on the sixth
string. What do I want you to do? Should it be more?
Yeah, given the given the people more. Given the people
more. Okay. Big Steve is on the drum set. Count at four by
four. Little Jimmy on the sixth string. Given the people
more let me think what what's the other guy's name count violence Marty and
Marty violence is a play he plays the base right yeah Marty violence what
should it be then Marty violence Marty violence on the what does Mike what
call it basic and the thud stick
yet but stick there you go
let's let that then catch up here
it's going to replace mike
whatever i don't know if we can can we i don't know if we can steal thud stick
we can call it like the
thump or stick or something what if it's like the uh... like uh...
like uh...
what if it's uh... marty violence uh...
supply in the low end
oh yeah there you go there you go
okay we'll get that mike said what about dropping bombs like
like what about the marty violence supply in the low end
dropping bombs
what if it's like
tuning down to a uh...
i don't know
I do.
I do.
I hate music.
So, all right.
Let's do it.
So, we have big thieves on the drums.
Yeah.
Counting it for...
Counting it for...
I'm sorry.
What was it?
Counting it for on the floor?
Yeah.
Counting it for...
Yeah.
Counting it four by four or four on the floor or whatever.
All right.
Okay.
Got it.
Yeah.
Don't worry.
These will be emailed to you.
Oh, okay.
All right.
Jimmy on the sixth string.
What kind of guitar does he play?
Um, uh, S.G.
Little Jimmy on the, on the S.G.
Yeah.
I'm gonna go with some consonants there with the disc sound.
Little Jimmy on the S.G.
Given the people more.
But now after each of these, they're going to do little turns, right?
Oh, yeah, of course, yeah.
Like, oh, they'll do their turns.
Yeah.
And then Marty violence, supply in the low end,
is that what we said?
Yeah.
How about bringing the low end?
Marty violence, bringing the low end.
That's more like 2008.
Because that's all he knows what to do.
Yes.
How's that?
And literally, it has to be that grammatically stupid.
Because that's all he knows what to do.
I love it.
okay and then he'll do his thing and then here's the exciting turn right and my
name's Ted my name's Ted that's what I said we can do better than that I don't
know it's kind of classic what's that what's that Mike what Mike said and my
My name is Ted and I'm your host is Mike's suggestion.
It's not Sergeant Pepper.
He's not on some weird, not playing a character.
No, he's not a butler.
Mike wants you to be a butler.
A butler.
Might as well be a call screener, that boy.
That's a zinger.
He's on you.
My name is Ted.
Let's go with that's what I said.
OK, all right.
But here's where it turns.
My name's Ted.
That's because everybody thinks it's party song.
Yeah, yeah, exactly.
My name's Ted.
That's what I said.
And life on Earth will end in 15 years.
What about that?
I love it.
Perfect.
OK, now we can involve the audience.
I will are people calling Mike
They all hung up. I'm starting to call now. I think this gets us rolling. We'll talk to you in a few minutes. Okay. All right, all right. Okay. All right. Thanks
I would I would keep him on the line while these people called with their other suggestions, but I think they'd be intimidated
My name's Ted. That's what I said life as we know it will end in
15 years
FMU, you're on the air. Hi Tom. Hi, who's this? This is Lori from Miami.
All right, now I have a proposition for you. I know last week I forbade you from calling
Prank Patrol or whatever that shows on Wednesdays. Yeah, I didn't call us to eat, but that's
because I actually fell asleep during that. Oh, so you would have called? I don't know.
This is what I'm going to say to you. Yeah. I'm lifting that restriction. Okay. You are
allowed to call anytime you want but there's always a but the next three
times you call you have to mention this show I can do that all right it seems to
bother Andy what does I don't know that you're doing so well just mention how
popular that's what you're to do just mention how much more popular this show
is now without resorting to cheap tactics. I can try that. I can do that. So I'm
calling in as a proxy for Wes. All right. He had an idea for a song title.
Well, what's the title? Well, it would have to be a song about James.
about James? Yeah. It would be called the Ballad of El Baldo. That's pretty good.
Yeah. I know and I was thinking it could be like a sort of rock opera, queen,
super dramatic, Abba song. Hmm. I bet you we can incorporate James. This is a good
idea we can incorporate James into this song that we start now have you heard
the lyrics so far it the introduction yes and the world's going to end in
15 years the world as we know it will end in 15 years okay the world does we
know it for the West whatever just like my name's Ted that's what I said the
western world will perish in flames within the next 15 years it's kind of
wordy but he'll smell he'll sell it well I know he'll sell it yeah what do you
think my name's Ted that's what I said the western world well the western world
will perish within the next 15 years so how about the western world going up
and flames hmm little too elegant give me a rhyme couple it Laurie that I can
put in oh no have a teacher have it because the teacher's teaching and the
preacher's preaching do we want that now I was gonna say a flame and to blame
as in James is to blame maybe we should put a line in about James like like
like creeps like James are always to blame right how's that okay damn please
creeps like but we'll put that in we'll find a spot for that later okay thank
you Lori you have a great show and I look forward to hearing the line is
creeps like james are always to blame
thanks lori
fm you you're on the air
i like rogane james
rogane james
yeah like the uh... heretonic
yet a hair tonic
what is it so brother where art thou
that's not using hair tonic
what about this uh...
creeps like james are always to blame
shoplifting rogan
Right?
Shoplifting Rogaine from a Walgreens at 3 a.m.
I think that's perfect.
I think that's perfect.
Flame out James.
What's that?
Flame out James.
Flame out James?
I call him a creep.
Creeps like James are always to blame.
Shoplifting Rogaine from a Walgreens at 3 a.m.
It's his game.
What's that?
It's his game.
It's his game.
we'll try to fit that in
don't write that
fm you you're on the air
they use this
uh... hello time for martin
oh seven nine six oh
here we are checking in
you got any lyrics for me mike
uh... yeah i had something to start off with it got a little plus three in
there but uh...
i had a little line that i uh...
always remember
it's uh...
those who listen you will suffer from the beginning
wait those who listen
will suffer from the beginning
for those who listen
for those who listen
you will suffer from the beginning
i'm not following your intent
well it's kind of inspired by the new regime you know
I don't know. I'm not feeling that. Thanks.
All right. FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, there. What? Hey, there. Hey, who's this?
This is exactly Mexico from the octagon.
Okay. FMU, you're on the air.
I'm this is spoonie. How are you?
I'm doing okay. It's a quality call or spoonie.
Thank you. Well, we'll see.
Mexico, whatever, from the octagon.
That's not that does not fly here. I feel I feel awkward. I'm wearing your t-shirt right now. It's all right. Hold on. Let me take it off
Please don't okay. Keep it on. That's fine. Okay. Do you have a lyric spoonie?
Well, I I did I did write some lyrics
But now I kind of have to like twist them around to the point of the song. Well, let's hear what you've got kind of have to work
conceptually. Well, I thought it'd be kind of cool to have a song with Ted
Leo's tour van breaking down in the desert. It becomes a harrowing to help
survival. Wait a minute. I kind of like this. Right? Okay. Well, it's like, it's
so it's their van breaking down there. Are they being hunted by like weird
mutants? Like the hills have eyes? Well, you know what, if the if the world's
gonna end in 15 years, make it topical to make this an anthem for the election,
like it's gonna end from global warming and that's global warming is gonna take
down Ted Leo but Ted Leo is not gonna take it you're gonna take down global warming
like me I don't know maybe it's like James took his two pay off in the desert
and it's like let's not put James in this song I did that right there well
that's a I'm making a I'm making a I'm making executive decision no James in
in the song that creep should not be immortalized in a
uh... tell you a song
uh...
there you have to leave in the pharmacist ready record this thing
i want to go ahead
european fifteen years ago we want people asking jane
jane to be telling his uh... uh... the people at the uh...
uh... but the story when you were where would he be working at a uh...
liquor store
exactly the check i think the check cashing place he works at
yeah you know they wrote a song about me once
they wrote a song about me
that's great i get a saw block on on on the lucky number five horse yeah exactly
as the guys uh...
yeah go ahead go hose out the dumpster
james go wipe the dumpster out with your uh... with your to pay
some small but the
okay so
the song i wrote
well not really song i wrote two verses i wrote two verses on
my lad
is made an oven of your van
And burns and flips and blisters hands.
Am I going to have to go back into the chat, Mike,
to read these lyrics?
I can flow it down.
No, no, I'm just saying, are people putting lyrics up
in the chat?
OK, of course not.
They're doing their own thing in there.
They're probably some other guy writing a song with them
in that chat, best show chat, friendsatomp.com.
So start again, son, my lad.
The son, my lad.
So like the sun, comma, my lad, comma, has made an oven of your van.
OK.
Burns and splits the lips and blisters hands.
Sun, my lad, it's a funny word.
My lad?
Yeah, well, Mike is vetoing my lad.
I'm overriding, Mike.
I like my lad.
probably got a nice cap on
what about this
and the western world what is the lyric uh... then
uh... the western world will perish in fifteen years
the western world will perish in fifteen years
and also and
this was supposed to be my mom and i've tried um...
right
and then we'll start for the first verse
this was supposed to be my moment of triumph
but the fun my ladd has made an oven of your van
okay burns and split the lips and blisters hands
you getting this
he does not go to college if he does not write these lyrics correctly
the powers in my hand to veto it
you're writing in print or is he writing a cursive
print
good guy
cursive
i couldn't even i couldn't i couldn't write a sentence in cursive now
if you ask me
you held me a gunpoint
i couldn't write in cursive
that's not a cue that's a deep
what's the point of that
cursive
like you can learn in print
and correct what i say
and cursive right now
we we won uh... revolutionary war
to abolish the king's english what's going on the person i'm writing with no
uh... quill and i am writing in cursive
what i gotta worry i gotta write cursive so that the uh...
ink from the feather doesn't uh... drip all over the place
if you're actually try to use one of those
a quill
humiliating
spoonie you know what you're shaping up to be
just top notch call not going to jinx it though i'm going to jinx it
any time of giving anybody too many accolades they flamed out
not so i did not say it
you have a good night spony
fm you you're on the air
Hey Tom, this is Nate, calling back, first off, to apologize.
Oh, I love it.
Yeah, I would say you deserve better, and Ted Leo also deserves better.
Yeah.
I think pretty much everybody listening deserves better.
You got the pharmace.
Ted Leo and the pharmace is sitting there.
Think they want, are they going to play some Rob Zombie song?
Trans man.
What did you write about?
Trans man, man, driving man.
It was like a Maserati Supertrash, something, or other.
What if it was cold?
What if we called this on Trans man, though?
Think about that. Trans Am Man.
But then you'd have to like use a vocoder or something like a Neil Young did for trans or something.
No, but it'd be like a song like about how the Trans Am Man is coming to town kind of like ruining everything.
It'd be about like some weird mullet, dude.
Yeah, well the better lyric I came up with.
Blame it all on the Trans Am Man.
Yes.
That would actually work, but I think the weird that I came up with when I started to think
of this as sort of like a ball of confusion type, it's kind of a party song, but it's
actually about how the world is going down the toilet.
This might be like the lyric like right before the last iteration of the chorus, and maybe
the meter could use a little work, but we ain't got too much time left before the end
of men. So let's get as much rock and done as we really can. Say that line again, please?
We ain't got too much time left before the end of men. So let's get as much rock and
done as we really can. Are you getting that down? What if it's like this was supposed
to be my moment of trying. The world is in the toilet. The world is in the toilet. The
world is in the toilet and we're all gonna die the world is in the toilet the
world is in the toilet the world that we think about that that is top notch the
world is in the toilet the world is in the toilet the world is in the toilet and
we're all gonna die I'm writing this I don't even need Ted Leo get me a guitar
Mike all right this thing it's peppy maybe need the pharmacist though maybe
go to steal the pharmacist from them. Thank you, young man. FMU, you're on the
air. Boy, this is pretty awful radio. Yeah. Actually, I wish I didn't hang up on
that guy. Pretty awful radio. Right in the hit song right now. Don't forget that
part. The world is in the toilet. The world is in the toilet. The world is in the
and we're all going to die. The world is in the toilet.
Maybe that should be the chorus of the song. The world is in the toilet.
FMU, you're on the air.
It's coming back. It's trying to bounce back.
Yeah, I came at you a little hard. Yeah.
You're not in the square right now, buddy. You're not in the more astound square.
We get a little revolutionary here. You can ease up.
Yeah, well I just, you know, I draw a comparison to Iraq on how you clean house there and I miss Lori and everybody.
I follow you. Don't think it didn't go over my head. I just shot you down.
I hear you.
Tell that guy to come. That guy can call back to the guy who doesn't like the show.
This is the truth.
So, would you have Lyric, anything else, Mike?
Uh, well, I'm going to stick with my Lyric because...
Because then you're gonna get hung up on again. I want to tell you
FM you you're on the air. Hi Tom. Hi, who's this? This is Erica from Baltimore.
Hold on a second. I just got an I.M. from Paul F. Tomkins who says you cannot have the word
turtlet in the song
i don't know i disagree with that completely
look that guy's a great a uh... stand-up comic
but as a songwriter i have not
seen the the proof is not in the pudding
i don't know what songs he's written
i don't know in this comedy but i don't know if you know the song i got uh...
i got songwriting in my blood
it's all my great-grandfather wrote
jeepers creepers
Oh, where did you get them, Peepers?
Yes, he wrote that.
That's a song.
I'm living off the Jeepers, Creepers, Fortune.
Jeepers, Creepers, where did you get those Peepers?
Jeepers, Creepers, where did you get those eyes?
My mom likes to sing that song, really.
Your mom owes me money.
How many times did she sing it?
Oh, does whistling count?
Yes.
All right.
You tell your mom, I'll settle out of court right now
for $75 a play.
Sorry.
I think I'll talk left 15.
Is this from who?
That is for the fiend.
You wrote this?
Yeah.
Mike, who does wrote, nothing to drink, nothing to eat.
I'm barely alive.
I'm dead on my feet.
Write that.
That's perfect, Dan.
Look at that.
Mike's a songwriter.
Holy moly.
I have some lyrics.
Oh, by the way, Erica?
Yes.
Former Supercaller?
Yes.
It was a proud moment for the former Supercallers.
Paycheck.
Erica.
Dave from Knoxville.
Are you ready for this?
Yes.
Supercaller's not reinstated.
Sorry.
But.
Sorry.
But.
Powercallers.
What is it?
Your new title is Powercaller.
Powercaller.
Oh, that's awesome.
like that. All three of you. You're back. Power callers. Power
callers. That's awesome. It's great. Paul. Paul. Tom
kids are saying they should change it to the proof is in the
pudding. The proof is in the pudding. That'll be the second
part of the song. Yeah. Maybe he is good at writing songs.
What if it's like the first part's like the proof is the song.
What if it's like the world is in the toilet. The world is in
the toilet. The world is in the toilet. And we're all gonna
die then like later in song like the proof is in the pudding the proof is in
the pudding the proof is in the pudding and you don't know why right that's good
there we go catchy yes so what do what what what what do you have for us power
caller Erica all right well you're happy now aren't you huh you can't deny that
you're happy about that I'm very happy about it all of a sudden your voice lit
up. You were dealing with this super color thing, you were trying to keep a stiff upper
lip.
Oh, that's all right. That's all right. I have stayed in the direction of the show, so
thank you.
All right, so the world is going to die in the next 15 years, right?
I think so, yes.
Okay, so what I have is, and then in year 16, when the world is clean, of this hipster
seeing. All our ghosts will scream for what our souls have seen. Wait, what was that?
Say that again? Alright. And in the year 16, when the world is clean of this hipster
scene. So you're saying that it's like a great, a great cleansing has taken place.
Yeah. And that the, the hipsters have been washed out. Maybe that's what this is.
Maybe this is about the end of Brooklyn. Maybe that's what this song should be
about, right? Yeah, yeah. What if one of them reads it like it's a news report? In the news
today, Brooklyn sunk into the ocean. There were no survivors. Exploding kickballs on the shirt.
Now, what if it's just McCarran Park? In the news today, McCarran Park sunk. A giant sinkhole
Took McCarran Park to the depths of hell, there were no survivors, yes, that's it.
There you go. And then all of a sudden your thing comes in where it's like,
but he can sing in a really high voice, like as if he's like a little angel child.
That's right. Right? He's terrified right now. Oh, I know that. This is, we will not get this song
tonight. Did you get uh did you get Erica's lyric? Let's let's do it slut. In the year 16
when the world is clean when the world is clean of this hipster scene of this hipster scene
all their ghosts will scream all their ghosts will scream for what their souls have seen
or what their souls have seen.
All right, maybe we, yeah, Ted just sent me and I am saying that
yeah, I don't think he's crazy about this McCarran Park thing sinking into the
into a sinkhole with no survivors. We can leave it a little more vague then.
I'm telling you, I'm going down there one time, I'm going down untouchable style with
cops.
We're just going to drive in Bunko vans, start flashing badges, that's my fantasy, to pour
into that park with my sunglasses on just patty wagons just dumping them all
like someone kicks a kickball and they think it's like a home run and all of
sudden it lands in the back of a patty wagon right yeah we're maybe we'll do a
trail of cocaine into the back of a patty wagon thank you Erica your lyrics are
Sterling
FM you you're on the air hey Scott t Scott t the artist teplin calm
How are you doing? Okay? Is the exhibit still ongoing? It's still going till Saturday people can check it out over at teplin calm
So I'm not thank you for that. I'm I'm not I don't have actual lyrics, but I have an idea for the end. Okay
Um, so, uh, after the post-apocalyptic cold, whatever, um, the end of the world, and the, uh, the land is being flooded, and there's water everywhere, and people start to take refuge in, um, rafts, and maybe an island here or there, and guess who rules the seas?
Who?
Captain Jack.
What?
Now?
What do you mean no?
what do I mean no that's that's that's kind of like the kicker and then that
the end then you can hear him cackling and laughing at that I'm gonna
immortalize that creep sorry sorry Scott how to tell you that creep's not
getting immortalize he scared me he scared me he's an enemy was either one
with the cooler yes that was him you're sure that was him or you you think that
with him. Oh stop. I'm sure it will. What do you think? Don't take Colombo to
figure that one out. All right. All right. Sorry. Don't take her
cool parole. Sorry Scott. When it comes to art, you're a master. Songwriting's a
tricky skill. It's tricky. What's that? Songwriting is a tricky skill. It is. I
I don't think I have the chops.
I think I do, though.
Well, let me know if you need an album cover for this.
Oh, I definitely will.
OK, thanks.
The world is in the toilet.
The world is in the toilet.
And we're all going to die.
It's like a McCarran Park rock opera, right?
In 10 minutes, they need to start working on it.
OK, we've got to close this thing out.
We need another batch of lyrics.
and then they're off uh... to the races
fm you you're on the air
a time i got them lyrics let's hear him
it's hot in the winter
and cold in the summer
a snow suit in august can be a big bummer
now
that's supposed to be
you
fm you you're on the air
good evening time i was going it's going
good
This is Juffin Milwaukee, and I may have a title and maybe an edit to a lyric.
Let's hear it.
All right, the world is in the toilet, and we're all going down.
Kind of referring back to the toilet and being flushed.
Yeah, no, I understand how toilets work.
Gotcha.
And I guess the title I was thinking of is Clown Town Shuffle, or the Clown Town Rag?
The Clown, wait a minute.
The Clown Town Shuffle.
Right.
i don't know that that's a temporary we're putting an asterisk next to that one
gotcha
thanks
fm you you're on the air
hey tom it's forest
forest in manhattan
one zero zero three
okay what can i do for a force you got something that's a lyrics
uh... i have some
and i have an idea about structure as well
okay
um...
the structure idea is that uh...
if the song is kind of in two parts where it's the world is in the toilet
and then the proof is in the pudding
i figured maybe the first half could sort of be about
the conditions and everything that's going on and then proof is in the pudding
uh... could be followed by the root causes of all this
i don't know but
i was going to be back on mike lyrics if i could where it
nothing to drink nothing to eat i'm barely alive i'm dead on my feet
and
from that i had the heat is intense
my energy spent
the message of the and have already been sent
kind of like when you send an email that irretrievable
i like it
mike doesn't know mike's giving me a thumbs down on it
so stand
well i did my best sorry for
fm you you're on the air
hi this is matt from guwanis
matt from guwanis what can i do for you matt
uh... i have a lyric idea
i will
the upfront and mention that it doesn't have a lining component to it
and it's an insertion
between
that my name is dead that's what i said
and the next part
and what i was thinking really
if we wanted this on to transition from a party song
to jarringly political
it thought that it would be funny if
it was just
the crisis in Myanmar affects all of us
food crisis
uh...
i don't know what to do with that
fm you you're on the air
so it's john john john how are you
good how are you doing okay
all right i got some lyrics let's hear them i got i got to couple it here
so you can do it what you need to do
okay but uh... one of them have the word toilet in it
okay
a tornado took my turtlet
with a swiftness it did hurl it
far off into the sunset of a blood red sky
tornado took my turtlet
that's like a dirty little limerick
uh...
what do you get what else do you have
Brooklyn theme. The East River boiled and belched up a cadaver. The corpse walked the
Enids for a drink and some saliva. Wait a minute. Hold on. Now I think you're on fire.
I say that again. The East River. Yes. The East River boiled. The East River boiled.
And belched up. And belched up a cadaver. Yes. Yeah. And then the corpse walked the
Enid for a drink and some Tel-Laver what does that mean I had to look it up it's a
prolonged and idle discussion for a drink for a drink and some blow how
about that yeah definitely an improvement I'm all for it okay
Korv's went in. I mean, I hope. Are they again? Please.
I mean, it's not really, you know, I'm not talking. He's not hurting anybody.
Korv's went to broke the units for some, for some drink and some blow, right?
Yeah.
Ended up, uh...
Something like, you know, blah, blah, blah.
Okay, no into the park. He did go. No, let's go. Let's go back to polever. Okay
Ted likes polever
All right, now I got to start structuring this thing out
Fresh piece of paper Dan. We're gonna build this song right now
Starts off with that intro with each person doing their little song segments, right?
That's part one that's section one
And that ends with what's the final lyric of that?
Like doesn't you know the one in the fifteen years or the western world will perish?
The western world will perish in fifteen years.
Then these guys are going to go to like a noise.
Then all sudden.
did you the world is in the toilet?
The world is in the toilet?
And we're all gonna die.
Maybe now out of the noise thing. It's like then I'll send it's like
Then I'll send it's like I
Don't know that's what you should drop down and you know like have them whispering it
You mean the world is in the trailer
Well, what is this drowning pool?
Get off my phone. It's not a you're not trying to get on K rock with these songs
Unless they want to do that, like that total like compressed
What if that happened and they had a giant hit with it
and they ended up getting sued by 70 people who co-wrote the song
or they had their first gigantic hit like sold so many
millions of copies and then all of a sudden they only made like forty five
dollars on it
cuz they had to share it with every listener who called in
And then what other sections do we possibly have in the 16th year, right?
Yeah.
So that'll be section one is the intro.
Section two is, uh, world is in the toilet.
With an optional, they're welcome to do a thing where they say McCarran Park has some
to do a thing where they say McCarron Park has sunk.
They're welcome to do it, but it's not mandatory.
Section three is in the 16th year, right?
What are those lyrics?
Can you spin the mic just a little bit toward your face?
There you go.
And then in the 16th year, when the world is clean
of this hipster scene, all their ghosts will scream
for what their souls have seen.
Okay.
And then, okay, then maybe, what other unused sections do we have that people have thrown
out?
Nothing to drink, nothing to eat, I'm barely alive, I'm dead on my feet.
That's next.
Then what else do we have?
proof is in the pudding do that next
okay
proof is in the pudding anything else any of these other scraps
uh... the east river boiled and belched up right
that's next
that's the next section when the zombie comes back
start stomping around brooklyn
uh... what's the end of the second
Is it still below or now pull ever pull ever yes
What's that Mike
Okay, okay, uh-huh, okay
Since like
Mike's trying to follow. Okay. You want to make it upbeat? I'm gonna ask the
Ted Leo right now when I'm do we do you want an upbeat ending?
Do you want an upbeat ending because it could be like an upbeat ending would be just like?
We think about that Mike like like a punk like they just go like totally they punk out
Right
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi Tom, this is Patrick in Brooklyn.
What do you got for me?
Well, I had a few suggestions.
First of all, I don't know, my radio is cutting up, but I don't know if James has been all
together written out of this song, but I thought that maybe we could have a triumphant battle
where James is taken over by Dutch, keeping with the political scene.
I don't think we're going to have room for that.
Oh, Ted wants to make it dark.
Well, what I thought is that there could be a battle over cocaine heights, and that Dutch could ultimately rescue us from James' idiocy.
I like it! I like it!
I think it could work. I think it could work.
Come on, Dan. Dan's a horse guy. If I knew you were on the air.
Hey, it's Tim and Milwaukee. How you doing?
doing okay
so I've got a sort of slightly hopeful maybe slightly dark
uh... couplet for you we gotta go all dark
right now we gotta go all dark
here it is okay so there's figures in the distance
are the hipsters or ghosts
do they mean it's harm or are they a rock and roll host
how's that sound right there you got that down you're writing that the hipsters
say that again
there's figures in the distance are they hipsters or ghosts
there's figures in the distance are they hipsters or ghosts
do they mean it's harm
or they are rock and roll host
so it's kind of you know it could be intimidating could be uh... hopeful
depending on your point of view killing mike out there mike you know it's
having uh...
and that's why mike wanted to be the host
All right, thank you.
All right, we've got to wrap this up now.
All right.
Let's see.
So I'm going to say to you, young Dan, my favorite.
Hold on.
Change computers.
Come on.
Change.
Computer, change over.
I have commanded you computer to change
from one computer to the other.
There you go.
All right.
This is what I need you to do, young man.
I'm gonna spin this this way.
You can get your chair.
Do you have electronic mail?
Do you have some sort of electronic mail program?
Because I would say if you get on it and type this in as an email, if you could.
Like FMU, you're on the air.
Hello.
Hi.
It's Sarah calling from Maine.
Sarah from Maine.
Sarah from Maine calling.
And I have three verses, well, three lines.
Okay.
And I'll just run them past you.
Well, first of all, let me just say that this is incorporating, people wanted to have a sort of drive fast and having fun vibe.
Okay, so it starts off. The world ends, but we don't care. We're driving fast, wind in our hair.
The roads are clear, no laws to stop us, damn nations near, but we're eating tapas.
We're on the road and the world is burning, the sun's gone cold, but our wheels keep turning.
And the tapas line is door-fits.
I don't know if we have any more room.
This is too good. You're called too late.
late
where are you
uh...
uh... well i was proposing
that's true
we needed you sarah
i mean i was i was waiting for the news and then the arbitrage stuck with
well we're going to count it
also what was i think we might have enough song
all darn it
sorry
too late but uh... next time maybe
yes next time
with mike spand
with his bluegrass band
oh yeah this is those are either or bluegrass
bluegrass lyric that's what he's going to come up here with his dixie land
band
uh... dixie land
and bluegrass together i like this combo yes washed up base and and and
horns
there's a difference between dixie land in bluegrass
i i've always thought so i kind of file that all in the same category of
music
One is all jolly with with with with horns the kind that Tom doesn't listen to and wash and then you have your wash tub bases and your banjos
You know
All right, thank you so much Sarah you were very
Like that kind of
Fm you you're on the air. Hey, how's it going? I have I'm in these village
I thought that maybe the course could be a little more interesting to said something like uh, there's no way to avoid it
But we're all gonna destroy it. The world is just a toilet and we're all gonna die. I can't think
There's no way to avoid it. We're all gonna destroy it. The world is just a toilet and we're all gonna die
Kind of like that. Can you can you write write that down Dan?
Just shake up, you know, it's kind of boring here in the same course like all the time. Oh, it's boring. Oh, I'm sorry
Get off my phone that does not fit the song now guys out of the song
FM you you're on the air
Hi, Tom. I have a familiar and what's your name?
What your phone's breaking up come on
Move to the right side of the room. All right. Can you hear me now? Yes?
All right, I have I've been watching
I'm watching the John McCain speech.
John can know that sometimes Ted likes to get political.
So I have a real quick idea for the end of the song.
And that is sampling John McCain.
He said in his speech, no ambition
is more important to me than the security of my country.
You mean to make it like a very now kind of song?
Well, not necessarily now.
I mean, it certainly could be that way.
But I just thought that just that little vibe to it, my pal.
You know what? I just got overridden here. Sorry. That tapest thing? This is what I'm
going to say. That tapest thing? That will be the last chorus of the song. Ted has requested
that tapest lyric. You don't worry about that, Dan. If somebody can do it in the chat and
then email it to me, that'd be fantastic. Email that tapest line to me.
This is from Wes.
The seas dry up.
Everyone dies.
The only thing left are disco fries,
which is written on a men's room wall.
I could read that over at the flamingo.
This would be on the wall at the flamingo, I would say.
The flamingo men's room.
The seas dry up.
Everyone dies.
The only thing left are disco fries.
And then it would say, disco fries, $3.
$3, ask at the counter.
Like, yeah, I'm in this men's room,
most disgusting one I've ever been in.
And, hm, a disco fries, that sounds interesting.
Yeah, maybe I will order them after I'm done not touching
anything in here.
I wonder if this song will lead off their album, the new album they're working on, could you imagine that?
on this is real Wow that has to be fake I just got an email from one of the one
of the one of my arch rivals asking me to ease up
You know what? I will ease up. Yes. I'm going to ease up on the guy.
There's a sad sack. I'll ease up.
Are you on the phone, Mike?
Is that right?
So as Dan types the lyrics to the song,
Ted Lee and the pharmacist are in a studio right now ready to record this
song the world is in the toilet the world is in the toilet the proof is in
the pudding the proof is in the pudding you mean like the the second half of
that let's say so give it a try that way Paul of Tomkins gets his lyric in
there the proof is in the pudding so the proof is in the pudding so give it a try
and it's three times and it's three times I like the idea I like this I got the
this guy's working hard here drawing a line between the I gotta say looking at
the way things could be a little differently around here.
Look at this guy's working hard.
Alright.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, I got some last-minute lyric.
What do you got?
You moved out of your mom's to live with the young crowd.
You call it a rock scene when it's a fashion show.
Spend your paycheck on tight jeans from urban health fidders, play products from Whole Foods
and the rest on some blow
i wish
i wish you called at the beginning
of this because we would literally have a song with it could have been
captain jack
two thousand eight the billy jollson not the uh...
not the human train wreck
so is it that say that we're going to be like
okay you left your mom's basement
you go live what
you know the first part
Okay, you moved out of your mom's to live with the young crowd you call it a rock scene when it's a fashion show
Yeah, that's Captain Jack. Yeah, I think you got to write your own song buddy. You got talent. Thanks
What's your name?
Pat? Yeah. Do I know this Pat?
I think so. Is this redeeming rainbow Pat?
I, you know, I don't like going by that, but sure.
This is the one who was doing the documentary of walking along the highway or something like that?
I was somewhat affiliated with that. What happened to that?
I don't know. Didn't happen. Did it? No, not really. It was kind of like
failed project, I guess. So it was gonna be a it was an idea of walking 30 miles along the highway and
You guys are gonna film it. Yep. It was gonna be a
documentary on walk
the long walk. Maybe it'll happen someday. I don't know. And this was going to be for charity, right?
Um, sure, yeah. No, it wasn't. This is the first time charity ever got mentioned with it. Don't lie.
Alright, it wasn't.
Oh, Pat, what are we going to do with you? I don't know. You have a good night.
You too, bud. So they're working on lyric, on music right now.
I didn't get the saliva part.
Okay.
Yeah, that's right.
The saliva?
Do you mean the final thing?
Yeah, the final, like, second time.
The thing with the tapas and all that?
I thought it was like to eat its...
and I know it ends in the saliva.
Yeah, it ends in the saliva.
And then...
I'm still looking for that one segment that Sarah had.
Come on.
People, please.
Email it to me.
Thomas at WFMU.org.
Did you get the line, it was supposed to be my moment of triumph, can we put that in
at some early in it after the world's gonna end in 15 years, then the world is in the
toilet?
Yeah.
Okay.
This is gonna be the best song ever, I'm telling you.
So it goes like the world's going to end in 15 years, that section, the western world
will end in 15 years.
Then right between that and the world is in the toilet, it's like it was supposed to
be my moment of triumph, just that one line.
I'm good at this
went to see some comedy
let's see Paul of Tomkins this past weekend
I told everybody about it, you should have gone
it was as good as good gets
so funny
It's going to be a good month for a comedy.
You got Paul.
If Tomkins just did something in New York, then you got to close out June.
Patton Oswalt's coming to town.
Good stuff.
Good stuff all around.
Went to the bookstore, saw another book on sale.
Another celebrity.
Chelsea Handler.
who that is. You know that is. Your friend is cousins. Your friend, your friend is very
unlucky. Not so good. She's got a second book out now. Chelsea Hamlin. She's got two
books out now. I got none. Chelsea Hamlin 2 Tom 0. She hosts a show on E. Chelsea Hamlin
show to the toilet mouth show
some watching uh... the tonight show last night
and uh...
william shatner was the first guest
promoting this hideous book he's got a book he's got like nine books out
That guy. Unbelievable. Unbelievable. Guys got nine books out.
nine books he's got his uh... is uh... memoirs out now
memoirs
so he's on the show and then and then all of a sudden chelsea handler comes out
with talking about her book
and then they they were they were went into the uh... the the biggest uh...
back and forth of uh... of filthy double entendres i was getting sick to my
stomach
There's three of the least attractive people on earth talking dirty Jay Leno
William Shatner Chelsea Handler
So I was watching real sex for a minute that show all those with those mutants
You ever see that show Mike?
Yeah
Watch that show. It's all these mutants
I mean, it would not surprise me if that show was put out by, uh, secretly financed
by, like, focus on the family or some, like, right-wing organization trying to discourage
any kind of, uh, any kind of, uh, people engaging and stuff like that.
Because it was the biggest, it was the biggest, I don't know, it was sick.
So they were on their talk and it was dirty talk.
Gross.
Then he got uh, sorry, just got distracted by something online.
I got eight things going here. Bouncing this, bouncing that, right in the song,
got emails coming in trying to find this final tapest lyric.
Then Jay Leno turns to William Shatner and he's like, uh, like, did you change the text
in the silly movie? William Shatner is like, no, I didn't. Like, good man, good man. What's
This is the whole attitude with that movie, like these guys are so threatened by the idea
that this one movie exists, like it's some sort of challenge to your manhood if you happen
to see it.
Yeah, because, you know, it could set a bad precedent.
There could be two movies a year aimed at women.
movies ain't that it's made for guys it's a big deal
see this thing we're gonna get the lyrics how close are we with the lyrics
okay for almost any minute now Ted lyrics are coming through you can email
them to me you have my email address right and I will forward them to Ted
okay we'll send what we've got these guys talking about the sex in the city
movie like they're like they're gonna get injected with the estrogen if they
go see it like they're gonna get the sex change operations everybody's so
scared yeah that movie look out don't go see it I get some sort of plot the
movie all these poor women who are dragged to see every one of these bad
action movies over the last 90 years. They bit their tongue. Now it's finally a
movie for ladies and these guys are all threatened.
Like I, Jay Leno. The guys are true caveman. Never saw a guy make more jokes about
broke back mountain. That's like putting this 50s mentality on America trying to
force everybody back to the 50s. These old-fashioned rolls that skunkhead, strike
breaker scab
it's like a it's like this uh... past week it's been like living it's like
living in one beer giant beer commercial
where every all these guys you know
like that one where they got taken to the where the guys at the opera
because everybody knows uh...
everybody knows how much women love the opera
and uh... ballet
no they don't
and my wife wants me to go to the opera with her
no she doesn't
the guy stuck at the ballet or the opera
and he opens his jacket he's got like blood lights in it
like uh...
yeah i got this taken care of
i think it was the opera in the commercial
because then the uh... the uh... woman hits the high note in all of his blood
lights shatter
inside his tuxedo
god forbid this guy's not drunk for uh...
i can't i can't i can't go three hours without being drunk
and the opera
the sad, sad, sad alcoholics.
Is that what guys are?
According to these Bud Light commercials,
first of all, Bud Light costs, what, $5 for a six pack?
How much is Bud Light cost, Mike?
Yeah.
These guys will do anything for a Bud Light
in these commercials.
What's that?
85 cents a beer.
These guys are jumping out windows.
I saw one commercial where they were there plotting the murder of a landlord for a Bud
Light.
They're all going to murder him.
Then we'll get his stash of Bud Light going through refrigerators spinning through walls.
Bud Light is disgusting.
light sickening not a fan of beer to begin with but that junk really that's
all the money you got that's spent on a Bud Light okay can't go a little deeper
into your pocket all right how we doing with those lyrics we followed him he
He did.
Oh, he did.
Let's see.
It's been a while ago.
Let's see.
Jeepers Creepers.
Thank you Grandpa.
I don't have to pay whenever I say Jeepers Creepers.
All right. They just showed up. Now I open. Look at these lyrics. As long as a masterpiece.
copy, go here, new, paste, send it through, I think it's gone, we should get it any second
now. Teddy Rockstar and pharmacists. They're all going to do this. All of them. Thank you
so much, by the way, to Ted Leo and the pharmacists for being so generous to do this. That'd be
fun. Later in the show, the end of the show, we will hear the results of this work.
These monsters with their Bud Light.
So I go to the boardwalk the other day.
day. That's right, the weather is getting warmer. So I decide, me and my lady friend,
Julian Barbary, decide to take a trip to the boardwalk. Not seaside. So we go, we go,
We drive down one of the highlights of the boardwalk.
I was wondering where all that bumping sound was coming from.
It's coming from this.
You hear that?
Can you hear that?
I'm touching this mic stand.
It's got to be a pro.
Stop using your hands so much.
Keep my hands behind my back.
So anyway.
One of the highlights of seeing the Boardwalk unveil itself every year, in all of its glorious majesty,
is to see the new games unveiled, the new Boardwalk Games of Chance.
And this year, the exciting theme is, deal or no deal on the boardwalk. Deal or no deal.
I was walking along, saw this boardwalk game of chance underway.
And the guy actually landed, you look at those wheels, it looks like it's eight numbers, right?
Like one through eight. Then you look, they're all divided up into the smallest subsets you've ever seen.
The odds of this wheel hitting, unbelievable.
The odds of this thing actually landing on one of your numbers, just off the charts.
So we're watching this guy play this deal or no deal and some guy actually hits it.
Now behind the counter at this, they have all the prizes laid out, Xbox 360, iPod and
electric guitar which looked like looking for the little thing where you
reopened it you popped a little the little lip and then inflated it look like
the cheapest guitar I've ever seen like Mac Macon's old Marauder I used to play
with. So then we're watching this thing. Guy Lance on it. Yeah, we win. Now, the guy
had a shot. The guy won a, the guy won any prize off this one shelf, which was an Xbox
360, the guitar, or an iPod. And now this guy behind the counter is going,
but do you want to play deal or no deal with your prize? And naturally, what does
he say? Of course, no deal. Of course. This guy thinks he's on the game
show no deal the thing this guy's not realizing this is not a television
program he's watching where all things considered the producers of deal or
no deal do not care who wins what this is the boardwalk where this guy does
care. Whoever owns that that that booth cares. He doesn't want to give stuff away for free.
And the other thing is deal or no deal on the TV show when they put those brief cases out there
and they show you all the amounts that are in each one. You know that each of those brief cases
corresponds to one of those amounts. Now behind the wheel they have mounted on
the wall about 20 briefcases. I don't know what's in any of them. This is the
most fraudulent thing I've ever seen. This guy, no deal, no deal. Everybody
claps yeah no deal now you could get anything in one of these briefcases all
kinds of prizes and the guy reaches up with a claw which briefcase do you want
got points that one that one pulls down the briefcase all right let's open it up
now and see what the prize is, alright well it's an even swap, an even swap this time
you didn't get the Xbox 360 or the electric guitar or the iPod, you get an mp3 player,
mp3 player, which in 2008 means anything, the guy reaches behind the counter and hands
the guy and MP3 player that he won. And I saw the make of it, Kobe. And they had the Sony
logo. COBY. But the font was like it was Sony. Kobe. COBY. The most crooked thing I've ever
scene yeah here's your here's your uh yeah this mp3 player holds up to 12
songs in it and uh oh also it doesn't work but yeah you could have also had an
Xbox 360 FM you you're on the air how you doing I'm doing all right who's this
my name is Ross Ross where you calling from Mark I'm Illinois look I do for
And I Ross I wrote a song for you. I didn't get in with the lyrics, but I wrote a different song
It's song for me. Well for the show, you know, are you gonna sing it? Sure. Why not?
Is it a little nervous? I never sang on the air before is it clean? Yes, it's clean. Let's hear it
Goes I don't like the best show the problem is it stinks not trying to be a deuce bag
It's just the way I think. I know that I'm complaining, but I can't be the first.
Instead of being the best show, it should be called the worst.
It couldn't be more boring. It's like a three hour low.
Ironic that the sharplings produced a child so dull.
I know I'm being annoying. I know that you don't care.
But the most amazing thing is how you still stay on the air.
I like it.
Thank you.
Not bad.
I actually like your show, but...
So you have no reason for it.
You wrote that song, you didn't even mean it.
I don't know.
You've annoyed me.
The few times I've listened to the show, you've annoyed me.
You're mean to the people on the phone.
Yeah, you're right.
I should try to be nicer, right?
It's a good song though, man. Yeah, it's a terrible song in it. You love it. You love it. You know you love it
You want to know what buddy? This shows the biggest show on the station
You're wrong. Yeah, you're all the way in Markham, Illinois listening to it. You got nothing better than you do
I gave your station money to man. Good. You should have you jerk. I did that off my phone. You do what I say
Of course you know I gave the money. I give the station money man
Of course you did. You did the right thing. What are you? What are you? You want a medal?
What is this the end of Star Wars you're supposed to get brought up and put medals on you?
That guy gets brought up on stage put a medal around his neck. Here's the ultimate hero
Guy wrote a song that he doesn't even mean that in Markham, Illinois. I'm searching Markham, Illinois right now
Probably mark him on Illinois population one
Days of bringing this show down are over buddy
It's too late. It's a juggernaut. You can't stop it
maybe five years ago you could have done something about it. This bus has
left the station. Markham is a city located in Cook County, Illinois. The city
has a population of 12,620.
Well, look, let's see, uh, kind of stores are in, uh, Markham, Illinois.
This guy going to go down to the, uh, Quiz-nose, put his nose against the glass, look at a sub.
One of these days, one of these days, held to get a sub, keep dreaming, we can do what
someday let's see what's in the dumpster though we can make our own sub daddy can
make his own sub from the dumpster these are more fun these subs are more fun than
the ones they sell in there. Whoo! Run! We'll meet up by the lake. This guy and his family
feeding him subs out of a dumpster. Sick. And that guy's got the nerve to call me and
complain. A guy who allegedly feeds his family from subs from a Quiznose dumpster in Mark
of Illinois. Hmm. Since we have an intern here, right? I'm gonna put you to work. I'm gonna
put you to work. There's $20. All right. What do you, what do you want from the Flamingo
dino diner Mike disco fries bring Mike some disco fries do you want to shake what
kind of shake can you get Mike a chocolate shake get Mike a chocolate
shake and disco fries okay just a chocolate shake and a piece of that
vanilla cake which cake did you have already then chocolate now it's vanilla
time chocolate shake vanilla cake okay chocolate shake you want to chocolate
shake, a piece of vanilla cake, and what do you want? What do you want? What should
you get? Well, I like this. This is the kind of subservience I haven't gotten
around here in a long time. You want to know what? You get what you want. I'm
I'm serious, Andy, you want whatever you want, you get, you want their meatloaf, you get
that.
Yes.
And whatever Dan wants.
You know where the flamingo is?
You go out of the thing and make it right.
Yes, putting you to work.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi, Tom.
Hi, who's this?
My name's Jim.
Jim, where are you calling from?
calling from
for owner
new jersey
yeah i'm looking to do for you jim hell of a town
uh... well i just want to say that all day and uh... they're really getting to
okay
uh... trust that guy
does run a little too hot
he clearly had no radio presence
into no radio awareness
by the language he started using
right off the bat
I'll pull the plug on you. I'm telling you. You want to call on this show? Rule number one.
It is a PG show. It's not PG-13. It's not a soft R. PG.
It's Speed Racer. It's not, uh...
It's Speed Racer. It's not wedding crunchers.
So anyway, I'm on the boardwalk.
Watch, I watch this sap lose, uh...
lose an Xbox 360 for a Kobe mp3 player. Oh here we go the Canterbury shopping
center the premier shopping destination in Markham, Illinois aka the only shopping
destination. Oh look at this place. Holy moly they have a J&J fish a subway a KFC
a Burger King, a Taco Bell, and a Dunkin' Donuts, and a Foot Action, and a Payless.
So I'm walking up the boardwalk and some guy recognizes Jillian Barbary for all her fine
work over the years.
And then he says, yeah, you're on FMU, right, to me.
And then he said, where's Jonesy?
Now he's parked in the car, yeah, we all come down here together on trips.
What do you think he is?
He did his show when he's living his life.
You know, I thought I'm teasing.
Like I was a very nice guy.
It was very sweet of him to come up to him where's Jonesy
Then we're walking along
Then there's the hallmark of the boardwalk of any fine boardwalk the ring toss
Onto the bottles the glass bottles
Where you buy these rings that are the size of what?
I don't know, a quarter and they have to fit. You have to throw them and land them
on top of the the bottles. And these rings are as hard as can be they bounce
around.
These drunk guys are walking by. There's these two guys with their buckets of
clean clunk, click, nothing ever landing anywhere near the top of one of the bottles.
These drunk guys come stumbling out of a bar. Never works. No one ever wins. No one ever
wins. It never works. And I'm telling you, the guy behind the counter at this thing, this
guy was like a, this guy was like a, like a, a Jedi master, the mind trick he did. He
started responding to the, to the guy, to the, to the goon, the two, the two goons shouting
stuff out, he managed to, yes that's right, convince the one guy to buy a bucket of the
rings at a discount. The most unbelievable thing I've ever seen. To where this guy now
thought he got one over on the ring toss guy because he only paid $4 for a bucket of rings
rather than five dollars
or whatever it was
and he started throwing the rings
and he didn't win anything
but he thought he won
unbelievable
i tip i had to you
ring toss barker
FMU, you're on the air.
Hello.
Yes.
How are you tonight?
Hi.
How are you?
I'm doing okay.
What's your name?
Rebecca.
Where are you calling from?
Rebecca.
Monclar.
From Monclar.
What's the zip in Monclar?
What's the noodle for, too?
That is correct.
And what kind of phone are you calling from?
T-Mobile.
T-Mobile.
I knew it was a guy, but I try to pretend it was not a guy.
Hello? Hello? Yes? Hi? Rebecca? Yeah?
Some are always brings these guys out. I was talking to my friend today.
Funny man, Patton Oswalt. It's right. I'll throw names around. Why not?
So I'm talking to him
And the callers
I told them get ready for bad callers happens every time the weather gets warm
Every time the weather gets warm these people
they come out of the woodwork. And what did he say? So James just called. Oh boy, they're
all coming out. Bring on the bad guys. They all come out. I guess they're out of college
or now they're home for their first, their first year home from college back in their
parents basement nothing to do all the friends have moved on back in their
hometown little board
FM you you're on the air I was curious as to why only men call the station I
don't know I'm really not a guy my name's Francis and where are you calling from
Francis. Okay. How old are you Francis? 16. How school going? It's all right. You excited
about the end of the year? Um, I guess so. Do you have any fun summer plans? Say I got
I'm spooked now I heard me in the replay. I thought it was a guy picking up again
got me spooked
Well, it shows a disaster
It shows a flop this show should have been my moment of triumph and it's flaming out
Yeah, you're getting a shake out of it. You don't know what you have to do for that shake yet. I'm gonna make you do a dance
Can he shine your shoes?
What?
I just got a picture sent to me, Ted Leo recording the song.
I love it.
Ted Leo and the pharmacist at work right now recording that song.
So as I'm driving back from the boardwalk.
Do you ever have one of those moments where like music fits the moment that you're listening
to?
It's almost like you've actually got a real-time soundtrack.
Have you ever had that happen, Mike?
Well that happened as I was driving along.
Three lane, driving up the parkway, going faster.
going faster and faster, and all of a sudden, one of those log jams where all three lanes
are taken up by three different cars, and you can't get it, you can't get it passed,
They're like, somebody's in the fast lane, but they're not going fast like they should
be.
And there's somebody for some reason hanging side by side with them in the middle lane
that somebody's in the slow lane, rightfully going slow.
That's their, that's their, uh, that's their prerogative.
Let me cue this song up.
So I'm drama and I'm looking for the opening.
I'm going left.
I'm going right.
Trying to find the opening.
guy's got a log jam walking me like when am I going to get through here people
going fast not going fast enough trying to find the opening it's like I'm speed
racer and I will talk about speed racer in a moment which I saw trying to find
the opening then all of a sudden and literally I'm listening to music this is
the song I'm listening to as the moment that I see the opening, the moment the
opening pops up in the slow lane of all lanes and I hit the gas I'm going so
fast I go to speed racer fast this is what I hear as I'm going this fast and it
fit the moment.
It's like I was in a minute.
This moment, literally, this moment right here, this week I'm fast, I'm passing everybody.
And then I was in the open, I was ahead of everybody with that music playing, at that
exact second.
Unbelievable.
the topic. That's right. There is a topic. If it's happened to you, those moments where
you've had your own personal soundtrack. What is it? 201-209-9368, where moments have kicked
in musically and you've had the real life musical accompaniment. What you get there?
You've got a chocolate shake also?
Dan got a chocolate shake?
Mike, why don't you come in here and get your food?
Can you open those up for Mike?
201, 209, 9368
If I'm you, you're on the air.
I do, man. I just wondered, man. Why would you hang up on your own?
Oh, thank you, child. So easy. Man. Some kid called me Man.
If I'm you, you're on the air.
Hey, Tom.
Who's this?
Dan, Livermorestown. How are you?
Doing okay?
What can I do for you Dan?
Well, I
Saw you the other day
Where?
medieval times
You saw me medieval times. Yep
Okay, I saw you what was I doing?
You're in a chicken bone yelling at the green night
Oh, I had a eating a chicken bone yelling at the yeah, that was me you were like
Okay fair enough maybe that is all I do here, but you people love it and can't get enough of it
Here comes your food Mike
201. 209. There's your disco fries.
Wow, shows a flame out we did we were back to W's and else I gotta say since we went
back to that straight up W's except for tonight tonight should be the ultimate triumph but
it's not what's that oh that's Mike's chocolate shake yeah Mike loaded up on stuff he wanted
chocolate shake and vanilla cake and disco fries.
WFMU East Orange WXHD Mount Hope worldwide on the World Wide Web at WFMU.org.
least successful topic in the history of the show. Right now, you're hearing it. All right,
I guess I got to throw a second topic up. I was thinking about these moments where literally,
I think like if all of a sudden I found myself hooked up to a lie detector, then something
has gone horribly wrong.
I know we've talked about this before, but if all of a sudden it's like, yeah, your lie
detector test is scheduled for this Thursday at four.
am I getting hooked up to a lie detector? What? No. First of all, I would love to talk
to anybody who's actually been hooked up to a lie detector. But, I would like to know
what are those moments where you know something went horribly wrong. We've done this before.
doing it again. Wow, this shows a disaster. Why didn't even come here tonight? I got
a fight. I got to fight it. It shows a straight up L. I got Ted Leo and the
pharmacist writing a song for an L of a show.
No, I did not see the Kimbo slice fight.
No, I did not.
I don't...
I...
I...
FMU all right
You know that guy's right
That guy out in Markham, Illinois
Maybe that's some country wisdom out there and mark them
maybe I'm the loudmouth I'm the east coast loudmouth who don't understand how
how it really is maybe when that guy's hanging out at the Canterbury shopping
center going to the uh going to the silken classy barber getting his taxes
done at Jackson Hewitt he's got it figured out I'm the fool I knew tonight
that was too good to be true.
Ted Lee, when the pharmacist, plus intern,
should equal home run.
All right, I'm playing a record.
Oh, nope.
Maybe this call will fix everything.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey Tom, what's going on?
Not a whole lot.
Who's this?
Is it Mike from Middletown?
Mike from Middletown, how are you doing?
I'm all right.
do you have anything uh... to add to the topic or anything else yes now
yet i got some of the topic com
first topic
me my buddy were just cruising around it was that a night and we were looking
for something to do
yeah and uh... heart of that a night by tom wades came on
okay
and that it all said you felt like you were in a movie didn't you
we did very much though
what movie would that have been
uh... you don't know
would have been like a uh... like a uh... like a uh... funny movie
uh...
sort of bitter sweet
did it make you want to like rob a store
like polite
you and your buddy
yeah possibly
or would it just make you sad about the way life is changing
the way life is changing yeah
Was it reflective or was it kind of like
we should mess stuff up in this town?
No, no, it was reflective.
It was almost desperate, really.
Almost desperate?
Yeah, it was sort of like breaking away,
like life is passing us by.
Yes, exactly.
Wow.
And I don't know, just something.
That's good, I appreciate it.
Thanks for the call.
You got it.
FMU, you're on the air.
I'm it's Samir and Florida. Samir and Florida. How are you doing tonight? I'm doing okay. Thanks. How about you doing all right?
Good. I had an intern. We got a sample of a song which came up at an appropriate moment
Let's set the set the moment for us, Samir. Right. So this was a few years ago
I was at the Glastonbury Festival, which is a big big open air
music festival in South West England
Okay, which happens on a big farm and it's like four days of camping and seeing lots of bands
And it has a reputation for always being very muddy, like it always tends to rain that last weekend in June.
And it's because it's all farmland.
Once it starts raining it gets miserable.
This particular year it hadn't rained at all for three days and it was all very beautiful and sunny.
And everyone was very happy with it.
And then one evening the band Travis came and played.
And this was when they just put out their album, The Man Who, so it was before, I know they'd never got really big in the States, but they got pretty big in England.
And it was just when they'd put out that album so they hadn't yet become huge.
But these guys for five days, Travis started playing a song called, Why Does It Always Rain On Me?
Yeah.
the heavens burst and about 50% of the audience has to run off to the tent to
get umbrellas or anorax or something because it just became miserably heavy
rain during that song it could not have started at a more opportune time than
during that song. Wow that is that's exactly what I'm looking for those
moments where all of a sudden music you're actually listening to syncs up with
what's going on and you're in the middle it's like a movie
exactly everything
so everyone was mad at travis for tempting fate or tempting whatever
and making it rain only lasted for about an hour or so but even so
those jerks
samir
it's a top-notch call
and i thought i'm thinking
and do we could bounce back from this we got to in a row
fm you you're on the air
uh... i don't really have anything for the topic okay uh...
a few weeks ago you're talking about wheezer
yet howler
just gone crazy
and like i'm a big wheezer fans but first i was a little uh... you know
defensive about that but i just saw
red album i guess it is
and yeah i
i now see what you're saying ripper as it's a cool walk-and-cover
school-looking coverage a guy it's a the one dude in the band is uh...
he looks like uh... rat's over it looked like he'll somehow a lab creation
with the joe buck and ratso rizzo were uh...
fused into one human
i mean like at first i saw the mustache like okay that is a little weird
but he's got
cowboy hat on
yet that cowboy hat that's a good look
it
so
i don't know
i know the thing is like there's the problem is they're still trying to do
the whole you know college outcast thing they had in the beginning
but now they're like
million dollar rock stars
i don't know
but they'll try to beat teenagers
i think these guys have no idea what's going on
there can be a man
one dude is on the cover dress like he's uh... like he's uh... college
professor the other guy looks like a rock dude
and then uh... rivers quomo was dressed uh... like it was this weird uh...
things
yeah well like this weird
uh... midnight cowboy theme
and the other guy's
jaunter volton midnight cowboy
but with uh...
with it like how i couldn't believe did you see
how it when did you do you remember when midnight cowboy came out and john
travolta
well i don't believeable
i think i think i'm too young to
when when did you see that
i actually didn't see i'm just i just know the picture you just know the picture
midnight cowboy in john travolta
yeah that big goofy hat yeah that that was the dumbest look
i've ever seen
midnight
what's up mike
was danny devito in midnight cowboy was he caller
i'd i guess
i don't know we'll find as a way of only there was a way to find out
have a good night young man
fm you you're on the air
a time i i got a soundtrack moment
uh... what's your name
uh... patrick from westfield patrick from westfield what's your moment what's
your soundtrack moment
uh... it's another driving one
driving along and uh...
run a little late for work it's a hot day but night's got the windows down
feeling great
on thirty four i believe get stuck
behind a big
stinking
mulch truck
that
going slow
and on the road on my cd player or something in a compilation maybe
is
great band ween
and the song
has a bad word in it so i won't say the whole song of course because i'm
really a friendly and intelligent
it's big fat
something
and it's a crazy song and it's just like
me like that
you couldn't believe that it fit the uh...
the thing that you're sure that
there was actually a mulch truck
that that stink wasn't coming from your speakers because you were playing
You're sure about that?
Yeah.
You could say that, but it was bad, all right?
So then I finally get past the truck, and then on comes another song by Wayne called
Gabrielle with an insane guitar solo, and it felt so great, and it was just incredible.
You were free all of a sudden.
It was incredible, Tom.
I believe you, Patrick.
You have a good night.
Thanks for the call, buddy.
Thanks a lot.
Bye-bye.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi, my name's Patrick, also.
Hi, my name's Patrick also actually and I also have one for the topic part of the soundtrack moments and it also involves driving
So you're calling in from our Pat Pack
It's true, right?
But I mean I'm in Brooklyn actually I mean what part of sort of the go on this Park Slope border here, okay
So I'm at a canal so um
So I I was in college
This is my senior year of college, I went to college in South Bend, Indiana.
I don't know if you know that town, if you've ever been.
I do not know it.
Is it near Markham?
Well, you know, it's up in Northwest Indiana.
It's close to Chicago, you know, so it's got the sort of lake effects,
snows, really brutal winters, that sort of thing.
And so I lived with a bunch of friends on a house off campus,
campus, and I had a car, one of my roommates, who's actually sort of been my best friend
for a while, did not have a car at this time, and so I sort of, I always volunteered to
give him a lift to school or whatever, if the weather was inclement, you know, if he
had an early class or something like that, and I was, this was sort of like, in the first
semester, so it's, you know, getting to be sort of really, really cold, really snowy
all the time. And so I wake up in the morning and well I guess I should say he
wakes me up in the morning I'd like you know six thirty seven thirty okay I'm
starting to regret my sort of offer to bring him into school and stuff and you
woke up or you just like one of those like what are you doing precisely and you
know it goes like it's your senior year of college yeah you know maybe you stand
up a little too late every night that sort of thing did you have a hot cup of
Oh, really?
Well, we got it.
Oh, go ahead, sorry.
Hot cup of coffee to wake up?
Yeah, no, I didn't even have time for a hot cup of coffee at this point.
So I'm really like, you know, and also this that kind of thing where you, if you live
with somebody for a long time, you, not that they start to get in your nerves, but like,
you know, the little quarks and things and, you know, maybe a little strain on the old
friendship.
You know what I'm saying?
So I'm like, I'm like really dreading this.
I like to get up, pull on some pants,
or like shuffle down stairs.
We get in the car.
Gene's kind of like talking, you know?
Were they Gene's?
They're probably, yeah.
You remember what brand?
I don't.
At this point, I cannot recall the brand.
OK.
But anyway, I can look into the archives if something.
See if I can pull it up.
Please do.
More details.
What's that?
So go ahead.
OK.
So we get into the car, and like I said, I'm just not really very talkative, so I get
the black cloud over the head and stuff like that.
And I turn on the car, I'm waiting for it to heat up, I'm sitting there, he gets in
the car, and I turn on the radio, and just right at the perfect moment where the William
Tell Overture starts.
You know that one?
like that
and so it was just kind of like i was in this horrible mood and uh...
this song comes on and like you know what the men like i had had the radio
up real loud
last night when i turned off the car or something like that so it comes on
this kind of
deafening volume
and i think it was just like a john candy movie something like that
so that's like suddenly suddenly like
suddenly i just kind of like had to laugh at the situation it was just so
it was like absurd you know i mean it's like horrendous mood and then certainly
the ween tell overture is like blasting and it changed your mood a little bit
made you a little bit yeah i think yeah i guess uh...
uh... thanks for the call
and no problem thanks pat
william tell overture
will you tell me every detail of that story overture
and overture again
fm you you're on the air
oh i thought
hey it's guaranteed in michigan
garret
yes garret in michigan how are you tonight garret
pretty good how are you
you some of the topic at hand
yet uh...
well this is a story from high school arm
I was leaving Dairy Queen, gotten some food there and some friends of mine were in the
parking lot.
It's a warm day and I've got my window down and so I put in this tape of one GMC's greatest
hit and it's on the song Rockbox.
My car was a Ford tempo at this time, kind of old.
As I'm leaving the parking lot, it hits the line, I'm driving a caddy, you're fixing a
forward and then my muffler falls off.
That's funny. I like that.
That's a good one. Thank you Garrett. That's great. Thanks so much.
Sorry, I think I hung up on
that guy. Whoops.
So as I promised
last week. I was going to go to the movies and see Speed Racer in IMAX. I did it. I
went to an IMAX theater at Palisades Mall. Again, best mall ever.
And, uh, it's IMAX Theater.
Now those tickets are like 15 bucks to get in, right?
I go to this IMAX Theater.
It's clear.
There's three weeks into the run of Speed Racer at 1 in the afternoon.
It's clear this is not exactly going to be a crunch to get it's seat for Speed Racer
in IMAX.
I'm sure it went something like this when the people running the projection booth looked
out the little peephole and saw from upstairs one person walking toward the window and they
were like no no no go away go well hopefully he's uh hopefully he's just
gonna ask a quite maybe just gonna ask a question about when secrets of the
secrets of the deep is playing no he's got his wallet out he's buying a ticket
no that's right I walk into the theater I'm the only one in the theater it's an
I'm Max Theater, I'm by myself.
You know what that felt like?
By myself and in I'm Max Theater.
All alone.
But here's the hard part.
The theater made you sit in the assigned seating.
I had to sit in row one, seat one.
I was pretty much looking at this thing projected onto the ceiling.
Looked up, my neck still hurts.
From looking at this thing, I was in the bl-
Why did they even make those seats in an IMAX theater?
No one's gonna be happy.
I didn't sit in that seat.
At one point I did just to see what it looked like, cause I was all by myself in the theater.
I got my run in this place.
I could have been doing a little dance up and down the aisle.
Go speed racer go speed racer go speed racer go as the thing like up and down the up and
down the aisle all by myself so now so at one point I did honestly I went down and sat
in the bottom row seat absolutely as far to the right as possible and I actually thought
John Goodman, who plays Pops Racer in the movie. First of all, John Goodman and IMAX
should not be in the same sentence. Other than a sentence that reads, a law was passed
today, and any movie featuring John Goodman and IMAX will legally be illegal to screen.
Look, I don't write for a newspaper, I don't know your phrase of stuff.
But that's the only way I would want to hear the John Goodman and IMAX in the same sentence.
So I go see this movie.
Only one in the theater.
They must have lost how much money screening it for one person.
I can say right there, two paychecks in the projection booth.
at the snack stand. That's three people. My 15 did not cancel out. Those three paychecks.
And I complained about Indiana Jones last week. I've heard no one say anything good
about this Indiana Jones movie. Did you see Indiana Jones? Dan? No. You will not even
and said and won't even see it mike did you see it
mike will not see it either
tell you
speed racer
it was not bad
this thing was not bad look of course it was nuts
i'm not saying it wasn't nuts
this thing was as crazy as crazy can be
it's the opposite of of indiana jones though which was made by committee
You could see them running everything making sure they would please every aspect of an audience this speed racer thing
This was those two crazy brothers
Making this movie with no one weighing in
It was the nuttiest thing I've ever seen
But I'm telling you in IMAX first of all maybe anything in IMAX is good. That might be part of it
If I see this thing on the DVD
This thing might be a mess.
But in IMAX, I was long for the ride.
No pun intended speed.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, Tom, this is Derek from Detroit.
How are you doing, Derek?
I'm doing good.
I got one for the topic, but I have an interesting story regarding Strote Stick.
Oh, that's what we should have fit into the song Strode Sick.
Should have, but you didn't feel too late now.
Will you make it fun of me? Get off my phone.
Shoot it, but you didn't. It's too late now.
Derek and Detroit.
I want to talk to anybody who saw Speed Racer, 201, 209, 9368. This will get the phone's lit up.
This movie was nuts. It was a kids movie. First of all nothing I've ever seen
looked like this thing. It was it was as computer animated as anything ever.
We're literally, I didn't even think John Goodman grew a mustache for this
thing. I think that mustache was CGI'd onto his face. The chimp was real. I'm
I'm going to tell you, you did it again, Worschowski's.
They put a real chimp in this movie.
In the face of those fake monkeys in the Indiana Jones movie,
that real chimp was a stroke of genius.
yes
fm you you're on the air
they come towards the city i had a soundtrack come follow-up
let's hear it
yeah i was i was
um... upstate in the country having a really not time
a bunch of friends at the top and left the radio at all night in the rain
and it was plugged in i was afraid oh my god it
could have like you know really damaged somebody or something
and the radio nice radio so
they can show enough
now i would know
it was a decent rate i don't want to leave that all night made a big mistake
so i'd turn it on and the first song that came on
george harrison
let it rain
let it rain on me and i like
that is one of my favorite george harrison songs
and you know what the moment it would be like that
my wife was that
let it rain
let it rain what george harrison alms that on again set on all things must pass
who couldn't tell you
oh you know it's george harris and i don't know if i
i wasn't even a cd or anything yeah literally fm radio upstate new york i
come out of
being a painter that's fantastic you know it's george harris and i'm that's on
now
it's on one called eric clapton
that's not george harris and
let it rain yes
oh man i'm sorry tom i guess uh... that's all right
i guess i think that somebody's got to go back to rock school
or what can i say i thought it would be hard
you get the books tonight on that i thought
i made a mistake i thought i'm usually pretty good with that i know what
we're moving on onward and upward
tom i'll have to change my story thanks
that was a good story though so literally after you left a radio in the rain
last night
i thought you're gonna say MacArthur park came on
now now the way i mean i think i don't care how to learn
well do you think anyone in nineteen sixty eight
which is like
i like that was i think the people to create in the some kid like
all
forget the beatles man
richard harris is awesome
like that guy is going to be the one who makes musical history
the beatles were powerful for even back then i remember that my first memory
Ever is I want to hold your hand when I was a kid. I remember hearing that and my mom singing that was my first memory
Your mother was in the Beatles. No. Well, come on to me. Who me Tom
What did you know in her lap as a baby? What instrument did she play in the Beatles kungas?
No, no, actually did no she doesn't even like the Beatles. That's a funny thing your mother didn't like the Beatles
But she's saying I want to hold your hand
Tom really should should I see speed racer because that's another thing growing up the kid speed racer was like cool thing
We'll kill like cartoon for me. Go see it. Okay. Go see it. I'm telling you you have two days now
What's that?
What's that dog's name?
What's your dog name?
Sprindle my dog's Milo how much of a speed racer fan rename your dog's brindle right now and tribute to speed racing
all right
Name your dog Barker X
Racer X Barker
What kind of dog is that?
It's a wine marketer. He's a big big boy and he's... I'm moving away from him.
What do you feed your dog?
We feed him wellness and a couple of... I've actually started making my own dog food
blue ground. Good for you, good for you.
Treat your dog with some respect. Yeah, you got to treat him well.
You know what? I don't... My wife's a vegetarian, I don't need a lot of meat, but
dogs needed so we did we have to
ever uh...
ever uh... ever uh... try to fight your dog
man versus beast
uh...
but sometimes i have to have no choice because one of them
one of these little mixed breed
rescue that we have a little
trying so so you have a right you have a couple dogs
yeah
and you take in rescue dogs
wave might we have one rescue and one that we
kind of took over from somebody who
tell people how awesome uh... dogs and shelters are real fast
the best thing in the world you can ever do taken animal
that need you
and just like what's up with you with those
please help me hide and
turn them into
you know a loving and companion for the family so
everybody should definitely rescue dog get that out of here i don't want to
look
say that they are just put this thing saying that the monkey and the speed
racer got beaten
because he bit someone i don't believe that
some wikipedia but you know that would be that would be that would be
uh... unacceptable i don't think that i don't know if you're a hundred percent
you know that those sets are so uh... so well monitored
like i have a hard time believing they a chimp with beaten
on the field
a funny i was watching the dot and drama the thing that was on and i'm going
on any this week
remake of the original
i don't even know if kriton had any interest in part of it because it's
really weird it was like strange
twice that had to do it like the rock warren stuff
but uh... at one point they like how to torture these animals or like
do tests of the animal
and uh... they have to make a joke saying oh boy you know i guess peter is
going to get after those for this
and i thought that's so tasteless that they did that like on the show you know
part of the script exactly you know what it was pretty bad
layoff animals everybody that's what i said
alright thank you
you're going to get that show but
fm you you're on the air
uh... this is kind of calling in from the lower side and then had it again
yeah what's up man
yeah i don't want to like talk about for her talk uh... like he's making bad
lieutenant uh... he came over david lynch
well i guess it's like he just did speed racer so i guess now he's got this
he's got some uh... some uh... box office cloud
i don't know like you what do you think you are you looking for a letter
to what
uh... the re-make a badly tenuous case oh my god i can't wait
no come on and don't patronize me
what do you think
well you ask a question like can you wait
what do you think i'm going to say no i can't be horrible like what i can't
uh...
of course i can wait
no one needs that
no one needed the first bad lieutenant movie
yeah yeah well i mean
i mean that's all right but i wonder if i can handle the scene where you know
like uh... you pull them and you go stop it stop don't be okay i won't go there
i won't be a low-reside toilet uh... mind
get off my phone
it's got a uh... i am from uh... paul thompkins you're really gonna make
ted sing terlitt
then i just got an i am from ted
i never said this about one of my own songs before
but this song is amazing
We're printing it to CD right now, I'll rip it,
make an MP3 and send it along.
You're part of radio history tonight, Dan.
How's that shake?
How's that shake treating you?
Did Mike make any go back to get more food from Flamingo?
Go hang out with Mike for a little bit.
FMU, you're on the air.
howdy time howdy howdy howdy who is this rivers quamo
no this is a wild bill and i'm doing fair to middle and how are you tonight
doing okay where you call from wild bill
and over township new joys
okay
i have uh...
musical moment from the former topic
let's hear it i love it
uh... actually the reason why this is actually a virtual musical moment okay
let me let me see if i can guess this moment
how you'll never get it you're in the yard
you have fifteen minutes i mean
the word and enjoy the award and staring at you from uh...
from all the crows nest i wish if i feel you feel all right you see a red dot on
your chest is uh...
tap to my fingertips for that uh...
the uh...
one of the truth-telling tests when they call those things uh... i think i can
test no
uh... i'm just uh...
i'm just listening to
the radio station and i'm not a frequent listener but i listen
time and again
and all of a sudden i realize that my life
the virtual musical moment is this
the uh... the fifty-two song
you're living in your own private Idaho yeah
and uh... the only reason why i'm saying it's a virtual moment is because uh...
i haven't had a stereo hooked up and i noticed how long
you know
but i appreciate uh... how do you listen to things you listen on the computer
uh... now i just got my computer back from you with placard
and i was the same problem
uh... surgery right for buying a computer on ebay i guess yeah same
problem didn't belong to you right
uh... no no no it's still under warranty
pesky passwords uh... somebody else's password
uh... frequent shutdowns they replaced the cpu on the motherboard
now my computer mentor told me that uh...
make them replace the motherboard itself in the memory modules your
computer mentor
well what do they want to be like a deal for you
co-worker who works for
and we all have bought a whole lot of i hold on a second
he's a co-worker who works for uh-huh
now he works for rupert rolach uncle uncle rupert
okay
so it's fantastic
i talked to this fellow and he
advises me i mean i'm not a geek i'm trying hard to be a geek
if i could listen to ninety one point one on on the internet i can but
Believe it or not, I guess I must be near Mount Hope because I'm picking you up on the radio on 90.1.
All right, good. You get us on 90.1? That's fantastic.
Well, where is Palisades More, by the way? I'm not a Moltype. I've lived in Jersey for about four years now.
Near Niac, Niac, New York.
Oh, that's the thing that's quieted to the side of the mountain? Yeah, oh, intense.
No, that's called Mount Rushmore.
Oh, oh. Yeah, I guess you're right.
No, I'm not a moral type, Tom.
A mall carved into the side of a mountain.
That's called the Crystal Skull.
No, I've never been to an IMAX theater, but I've been watching these IMAX movies.
Yeah, not an IMAX.
Perfect experience.
No, no, so I'm missing the effect because I wasn't aware that they had them all over the place, I guess you do now.
You know what I'm going to do?
No, no, let me get fair enough. You don't you don't hang up? No, no, I'm not. This is what I'm gonna do
You send me your you send me your you email me when you get your Hewlett Packard fired up. You get your
computer mentor on board, right?
We're gonna do a meet-up
And I kid you not all right. I want you
To join me for an iMac screening at that mall
At that Palisades mall. Yes, well, I've always wanted to go to Niac
Stroke, I mean I've been in niac one. We're gonna see strote second i'm ax
Alright, well hold on. We've always wanted to go what you say that again? I?
Always wanted to go to niac. No to an i'm ax. Okay. I like the one at the Liberty Science Center
I figured that I didn't know that to have more than one but niacs in New York
So this is that doesn't really how many are there in New Jersey? What ever happened to drive in movies Tom?
I can't go there thank you whatever happened to draw what do you Robert
Klein doing your old-fashioned stand-up what are up in the drive-ins I can't
stop my leg hold on a second putting in the CD we're gonna burn this thing
FMU, you're on the air. FMU, you're on the air.
Oh, hi Tom.
Hey, who's this?
I'm Eric.
How are you doing tonight, Eric?
Quick.
Good, how are you, Tom?
Doing okay.
I actually got something for the topic.
Let's hear it.
Okay.
Well, after college, I moved to Boston, right?
And one of my roommates was from the area.
After college, you went to Boston.
Where did you go to college?
I went to Rampo College, actually.
Okay, what happened? You lost a bet or something? You had to move to Boston?
Well, see, I wanted to move to New York originally, and I couldn't afford to.
I moved to Boston instead. Okay. And it was a bad decision, actually. Well, my
roommate was obsessed with Journey. Okay. Yeah, so a couple times we went to the
bar, and one time he started playing Don't Stop Believing, and I hate that
and so he found out and so he would start playing it and then ironically enough we'd
show up at the bar and the bar band would start playing don't stop believing and so
by the second time I heard it at the bar at a different bar I was read about give up
on Boston and like a month later move back to Jersey and I haven't heard that song since
and now I'm living in Bushwick and I still don't hear it and life is good.
Life is good.
Just like a show.
well thank you honey
you have a good night
good heavens you're never gonna believe what i'm about to uh...
uh... that debut here
if this is what i think it is
holy guacamole
We started at 8.15, and at 10.39, we very well made premier a song written by Ted Lee
in the pharmacist and the listeners and me. We got Scott holding it down out in Chicago.
Sound engineering mixed this thing, put it together like lightning. I tip my hat to you.
Are you ready for the world is in the toilet? Are you ready for the world premiere of the
The world is in the toilet by Ted Leo and the pharmacists.
Here it is.
Get ready.
Cuz that's all that he knows what to do
And my name is Head, that's what I said
And the rest of the world will perish in ten years
We used to have a ball and bench job, but you'd have fun
The courts want to eat it for a drink and some saliva
And the world is in the toilet, the world is in the toilet
The world is in the toilet, and we're all gonna die
Just the world is in the toilet, the world is in the toilet
The world isn't that trying to show it's all that's why
We are here...
Cause the proof is in our body
The proof is in our body
The proof is in our body
And the don't ask why
I said those two things in my body
Don't you fish in my body
Don't you fish in my body
So, give it a try
Hey, Wallace, it's supposed to be
May, moment of truth
Get your hands out
Holy moly. I can't believe that. I can't believe that. I might be the best thing I've
ever heard in my life. Can you believe that? We wrote a song here and now we're in a half
We gotta hit song now
Unbelievable
The world is in the Turlet the world is in the Turlet the world is in the Turlet and we're all gonna die
The world is in the Turlet the world is in the Turlet
We're all gonna die
My god, I mean I mean I mean shock
Do you want to hear it again?
4.99.
I'm not archiving this.
I'm putting that out.
201-209-9368.
Let's talk about the world is in the toilet.
We started at 8.15 at 10.45 we debuted a song professionally recorded by Ted Liu and the
pharmacist Ted, Big Steve, Little Jimmy, Count Violence, Scott holding it down on the technical
land of my mood taking the photos. Wow. I gotta start writing songs. The world is in the
Turlet, 201, 209, 93, 68.
Unbelievable.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, that was a cold smash.
What's that?
that was a total smash so we're doing smash your trash right now let's do it
I guess so let's do smash your trash one smash if you think it's a smash you
say smash if you thought it was trash you say trash thanks fm you you're on
the air total smash unbelievable I couldn't I can't I'm actually no I
can't believe it your jaw should be dropping right now in an hour and a half
Tom, please tell me that you that you will archive it. No, I'm not home. Why not?
Because I got I got a got a good thing going here, but the whole this whole show was epic
It's like a crescendo of awesomeness, you know, that's a hit song you guys got to start paying for that
I'll pay for you know, I'll pay nine cents and iTunes for that start charging people like that never funny podcast
Those guys have no problem charging. I can start charging
listen that's one for the history books right there it is one for the history
book you're seeing these podcast your book not Wikipedia I mean a book yeah
an actual book right see in the podcast do they use these amateur hours no no way
thanks buddy you welcome smash a trash 201 209 9368 FM you you're on the air
Smash.
Smash.
I'm speechless.
I feel redundant calling, but what else?
Thank you.
FMU, you're on the air.
Smash.
Smash.
Total W.
Thank you.
What's your name, young man?
Johnny.
Johnny, where are you calling from?
Richmond.
From where?
Richmond.
Richmond, Virginia?
Yes, sir.
What happened?
I'm sorry.
FMU, you're on the air.
Smash.
Smash definitely that's five in a row. I would I was kept. I was skeptical. I was skeptical. Yeah, I
Mean you have people coming in writing, you know people from off the air and then wow no
They'll sudden the world at Leo Leo win win. Yeah, I flew in the pharmacist
unbelievable
Good stuff. Thank you
FM you you're on the air
Smash. Who's this? This is Lori. From my family. Are you getting ready for your big call tomorrow?
I don't know how you're gonna call. No you, you're gonna call uh the you're gonna call that
show prank patrol. So I have to call? Yes you do. Okay I'll call. What are you gonna say?
I must have reminded you that Tommy has a hit show and a hit song.
Even mention this, mention this song, the world is in the turtle.
I hit song.
Thank you.
Bye.
FMU, you're on the air.
Song the trash.
What?
Get the trash.
Are you calling from?
The Lower East Side.
And why is it trash?
I mean, like, can you put more like more creativity to it?
Like, I mean, you can't make a good song in an hour and a half, man.
You gotta like take a few weeks.
Yeah.
Who do you like these days musically?
The kinks.
Oh, the kinks, okay.
Anybody in the last 35 years?
Yeah, yeah.
i like uh... you know map rock stuff like don't have been uh... hella
there that's all i needed to hear
your vote doesn't count
fm you you're on the air
right is this man i'm a kind of that guy's vote
guy
do you do you do anything
lower east side
yet they should be uh... run in with williamsberg
yes i agree
thank you young man
fm you you're on the air
it's on
hey who's this
this is shawlin and or some true city
how are you tonight
very very good
that's a smash
that's a smash
all of that
course it's a smash
you should tell the guy from the re-side he's shot for a coffin
exactly thank you
you want to know what actually probably will be
it's going to be nice
Yeah, man, you gotta use my creativity as an hour and a half, man.
FM, you're on the air.
Hi, Tom.
Hi, who's this?
Emma from Toronto.
Top quality caller, how are you, Emma?
I'm amazed and incredibly happy, and that was probably one of the best things I've ever heard in my life.
Really was.
We're going to hear it in a few more minutes.
I'm going to play it again.
I'm so excited, Tom.
Thanks, Emma.
Thanks.
FMU, you're on the air?
Absolute smash.
That's right, 10.
That's 10 in a row.
Not counting that junkie on the low-risk side.
His vote doesn't count, just like the way criminals can't vote.
That guy can't vote.
I'm glad to push over the edge.
I'm sorry.
Why'd I say that?
You don't know what I'm going to say next.
He's got you on your toes now.
It shows like mind of Mencia.
You know what I'm going to say next.
Thanks for calling.
But, but.
FMU, you're on the air.
Uh, I'm really proud of you guys.
It was a smash.
Thank you. What's your name?
It's Raj from Bristol.
Thanks, Raj.
FMU, you're on the air.
Smash, smash, smash.
That's right. Smash. What's your name?
Erica.
Erica from Baltimore?
Yeah.
That's not how you introduce yourself.
I thought you asked.
But no.
Power caller.
Power caller.
Erica from Baltimore.
Thank you, Erica.
Bye.
FMU, you're on the air.
No?
Nothing?
I'm going to hear it again.
The world is in the toilet, recorded in 90.
Written and recorded in two hours tonight on the radio
by Ted Liu and the pharmacists.
Here it is.
Let's check it out.
A big steeve is on the drum set
Counting it four by four
Little Jimmy, Jim in the sixth string
Giving the people more
Count Wallace bringing the low end
Cause that's all that he knows what to do
And my name's Ted, that's what I said
And the rest of the world will perish in 17 years!
And then in the year 16 when the world is clean
Clean up their ships to see
All that goes to screen for what the souls have seen
And the toughest they could have been eating
But the world is in the trouble
The world is in the trouble
The world is in the trouble
And we're all gonna die
All the world is in the trouble
The world is in the trouble
The world is in the trouble
Don't ask why
In a ball
Nothing to drink
I've got nothing to eat
I'm barely ever dead on my feet
At least with a ball
I'm touched up and cut down
The courts want to eat some drink and some saliva
And the world is an eternity
The world is an eternity
The world is an eternity
We're all gonna die
Check the world is in the turn
The world is in the turn
The world is in the turn
It's all as one
The truth is in my body
Cause the proof is in my body
The proof is in my body
The proof is in my body
And the tool has won
I said the proof is in my body
The proof is in my body
The proof is in my body
So give it a try
The
best show exclusives is gonna ruin it like every thing I'm like, every dance, every hip
up station. I should have just said that in the middle of all of it. Best show
exclusive.
Oh, that's the best thing ever.
Also, I want to thank the guy who sent me. I got a nice mail. Guy sent me from a
magazine in Indiana Jones in the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull game piece for a
a Burger King contest, maybe it's a big winner, and a video tape, a VHS copy of the Doom
generation, which is very... I don't know why. Why would he send me this? A VHS copy of
the Doom generation. You have a video, you have a VHS player, Dan? You don't even know
know if you have one. You want this? You like Rose McGowan? Right? It's all yours. It's
all yours. Who's at the door? That scares me. I don't know who that is. He looks intense.
FMU, you're on the air.
Me and Brooklyn.
How were you tonight?
Great.
That was a smash.
That was a smash.
That was the best things I've ever heard.
It was a tow-tapper.
It really was.
Thanks.
Yeah.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, John, I'm like Marston on 079060, checking in.
What do you got for me, buddy?
Smash or trash?
Oh, well, I just got slowed down a little apologize. I just got back from the pub. I just, I was missed the whole thing there.
Okay, I got to look at you.
Well, I missed everything, but let me call...
How dare you. Do you have a company tonight?
No.
No?
Maybe, I don't know. I don't know who this is.
He seems scary.
I think it's a guy from no country for old men.
We're all dead.
I'm not a sinner just tell this guy I won the coin toss you see this guy I
still could beat that guy though fate I'd beat fate almost over two minutes to
go you're on WFMU East Orange WXHD man hope worldwide on the worldwide web at
W F M U dot O R G. Again, I want to thank, uh, thank, uh, Ted Leo and the pharmacists.
Big Steve. Little Jimmy. Count violence. Ted Leo. Sound engineer extraordinaire Scott.
a mood documenting it photographically. I want to thank the intern who came down tonight,
Dan, is working for call over high school credits. Right. Sort of. What do you mean?
I got sold a bill of goods. It's for high school, but it's for high school. So, I can't
fail you. Then why did we even do that? That's what I wanted to do at the end of the night
was tell you you're not going to college you're staying back another year
alright everybody the best show ends another show begins
nickel and dime radio is coming up with small change
get ready
get ready that's all i'll say
that's all i'll say
are we on turntable too