Hey, who's this?
Oh, look, I'm in British Wales, Governor of Alabama.
Hi, it's, uh, Gerald Perlmutter.
Tom Sharpling, Governor of Party.
Hey, Tom, it's Purple Sir.
Hey, Tom, it's Mark Michaels.
This is Richard Clark, Mr. Clark.
What's your name?
Baron.
Baron.
And what's inside the two?
I require.
Maurice Kurtz?
Horrifying.
Thomas Bruce who's this gingivitis gingivitis yes they have Rick
below the wall I guess what I hate you it's Peter and Steinberg do all creepy
and I'm hanging up on you boing Roger double my name is Ollie Fairnock I'll say
it you'll hear it you'll do it I'll get it you'll learn it I'll live with it and
you'll die without it smash your trash good day what's up Thomas just
Hey, it's Michelle.
Yeah, Tom.
This is Jim Riffle.
How you doing?
When I get to do the toilet talk now.
The vaudeville of the new century.
My name is Tom Riley.
I'm calling from New Zealand.
Hey, man.
It's Brian.
Hey, no, no.
That's a tent pole.
It's a tent pole show.
Hey, this is Tedlia.
What?
This is Pete from the Future.
Hi, Tom.
It's DJ Terry Chase.
Hey, from Knoxville.
Super caller.
It's off the top.
My name is Mike Zajak.
Get off my phone.
I don't care.
And this is it because, man, I'm going to go with your bed now.
Bye, friend.
Hey, Tom, it's Gordon.
Hey, Gordon, how are you?
I was in a band in the early 90s, my name's Jerry Page.
Tom, my name is Jeffrey Ludell.
It's a fat, diseased, wilder, right in the neck, isn't it?
The disenfranchised have a home now.
I'm the hero of the disenfranchised.
I've been through the streets of New Britain
Got you down, now do your life
Do your life, do your life
It's eight o'clock, it's time to heal the rest
Let's go, we're drawing you now
Let's go, we're drawing you now
And thank you all so much for helping us learn how to help you.
You
What causes the light to flutter?
What causes my mother to mutter?
What causes my mouth to stutter?
What causes the room to shut up?
I want to be near you, Jeffrey, I hear you, and I feel the shame, Jeffrey, I hear you and you know my name.
You check me, I hear you
And I have to blame
What? What causes the lights to flutter?
What causes my father to mutter?
What causes my mouth to stutter?
What causes the roof to shatter?
Yet again,aucus'
Jeffrey I hear you
And I can See through you
I hear you, and I can see through you
We're going to have a good night.
We're going to have a good night.
So
Oh
We're going to be doing the best we can ever do.
We're going to be doing the best we can ever do.
one two three four four nine ten
Making somebody happy is a twist and I'll give it a take
You can learn how to show it to come along
Give yourself a pray
Every smile and every little touch
Looking out but thinking so much
Sweet, sweet, dear, so thank the
Always win, return, save the life of back
Two, three, four, you'll never hear from me so true
Every feeling to show it
Is a fool by a rain growing, it's a fight
A fool by a fool by a rain
Don't be dumb, don't be dumb, don't be gay
A fool by a fool by a rain
Love you son too, you want me home
One, give it away
I'm leaving you, you're the end of this return
So back, I've moved my Uber and you're home
And if you want to tell me, I'll kiss you
Return to send my free surrender back
I've moved my Uber and you've got me done done
For you and me
The best show
Don't stand up for good
I love control, but I'm great
We're in a region for the top show
There is an ending to pain
The best show
Double you and me
The best show
Double you and me
Keep on a show, double your <E.D.> yeah
Keep on a show
Oh, you won't be back again!
Back again!
Oh, you win!
Back again!
Come on, you're back again!
Oh, no!
Back again!
Back again!
Alright, let's get it on boys.
goes this close check checking levels check making sure everything is in
ship shape let's make sure the store is open who closed it
back in the submarine, they dropped me back in the submarine, I'm back in the
sub, gearing up for the marathon, oh okay, get your bearings, you can do this, you
can do this Tom, you can do this. All right, everybody, it's the best show on
Don't WFM you back again for another Tuesday night installment.
My name is Tom Sharpling, I'm the host of tonight's episode.
One hundred and eighty minutes of Mirth Music in mayhem.
We just heard the music portion of the show soon.
Some Mirth should be followed shortly thereafter by some mayhem.
Mike's too low.
There it is.
Get these levels right. Submarine. Submarine. Playing with my mind.
Alright. Get your bearings. Get your bearings Tom. You can do this. Give the phone number
out. That's a good way to start the show. Everybody always enjoys the phone number
being given out. It's a different number tonight. It's different when we're in the submarine
studio B. 201. 536. 9368. That. That's the new number.
tonight. Let's take a test call just to get that out of the way. Let's get a call
under our belts. I'm gonna move this. The cord doesn't fit. I quit. Go get the
Pangaea Mike go get Pangaea play two and a half times the now only took me 11 and
a half hours to drive here tonight make sure the phones are up to speed Mike on
the other side of the glass associate producer people love them the fan
favorite just <E.D.> my mics already having problems making sure you get
somebody just to test the phones to call through what kind of caller is so bad
that they cannot even that they are not up to snuff to just go hey I'm on the
air let's check it out fm you you're on the air Tom yes my name is super caller
paycheck paycheck no you are not super caller anymore oh no what am I now oh
you're an all your award winner heavyweight champion you know what that's
what it's gonna be yeah heavyweight champion I like that not
Bantamweight no featherweight no you won in the the best show awards
We're given out last week. It was a very exciting program. Yes, which it seems like a lot of people enjoyed all
the
All the craziness and the excitement of the awards being given out. Yeah, you won best caller. I
Know I I was surprised
but I accept it happily quite happily you did it you did it thank you Tom so
how are things going tonight in Toronto every's pretty good I just wanted to
I wanted to jump in I'm in I'm in the spike slot tonight you are yeah but I
decided I I want me to kind of champion that you know you you win that you win
the title on Friday you take Saturday off and then Sunday you're back into
Jim. I don't like that. I don't like it. I love it. That's the attitude. You have
these guys coasting on their on their awards. Hesh is already coasting on his
most pathetic award. Spike won most pathetic. Sorry. Mike actually has the
award. Did you really? Yes, he he claimed the award on Spike's behalf.
All right, it was very exciting and what if that award was like the movie the hand but with an award
right where it just would like
Bad things start happening because you have that award in your house like a monkey's paw kind of thing or exactly
I hope not
You know what? I also hope not. I hope Spike doesn't come over to pick it up Mike
Hello, Mike
Where's my award?
Chucky. His awards shaped like Chucky.
Everyone's awards should be shaped like something that's special to them.
Unlike other awards shows, these awards are, first of all, they don't exist.
But secondly, if they did exist, they would reflect each person.
Do you know what yours is?
What's that?
It's an electric guitar making people laugh.
I like that.
It's a funny electric guitar.
It's just like a hilarious SG.
Exactly, which sums you up personally.
Thank you, Tom.
Spikes.
I wanted to jump in because I had a backlog of some items I wanted to table, if I may.
Oh, well, let's hear it.
I have some slogans.
Some slogans, okay now these are the slogans I'm looking for the 2008 slogan
So far people do not seem to like tom versus everyone or sharpling versus everybody
I like that one actually they feel that they're a little too competitive, but you know what?
You know what i'm the one here. Yeah, i'm the only one here. Am I is anybody sitting next to me?
No
I'm not even sure if mike's on my side
This guy's got Larry the perv on this, his student, his protege, and I can't, I'm here all alone.
I like Tom V. everyone because it's kind of like a, it's a very Tupac, kind of, like a Tupac.
Yes, exactly. So let's hear your slogans that you have a heavyweight caller paycheck.
I have a few jotted down here. I've been collecting them over the last couple weeks, but I'm finally I can
I can pitch them. Let's hear it. The first one I liked was I
Barded from a print ad for the Henry Rollins ISC show. Mm-hmm. We should just be talking to talk
rocking the rock
Talking the talk rocking the rock. I
Kind of like that. I might have to that could be modified to be perfect though
How so trying to think like maybe because the rock is just a component. Yes, what if it was more like?
Something like backing it up like how I'm like a talk like talk what if I just talking the talk there you go period talking the talk
Like if I'm writing that down talking the talk
now the the next one I wish I just completely appropriated again which is the
The, uh, the, uh, this is going to be a laugh, I forgot about this, but the classic Tim Armstrong from Rancid sign off line, which would be, um, no refunds, sorry, no refunds, manic panic filled out.
It would be the best show in WFMU, see ya in the pit.
And, uh, you is spelled Y-A because it's...
See you in the pit.
See you in the pit.
I like that.
See.
Yeah.
In.
The pit.
Another one.
Another one I got which I thought might be worked for the kind of the new positive vibe.
The new positive outlook for 2008.
Uh huh.
Which would just be taking Lenny Kravitz's new album title.
Which would be the best show on WFMU.
It is time for a love revolution.
Have a good one.
It's time for a love revolution.
That's the that's the dark horse. That's the dark horse. Okay, dark horse
Now my last one of my fav this one. I actually I'm standing behind. You know what? It's got this that's got too much
It's got the stink if you didn't tell me that had Lenny Kravitz all over it
If I might not have felt that way
It's got that musk. Yes, Lenny Kravitz musk
But the last one which I really like
It's just simply
The best show on WFM you keep on chuglin
Keep on chuglin. I like that
Because you know actually I had to look out the John Furrier definition from the song is
The line is if you're a natural man or a woman
You got a ball and have a good time, and that's what I called chuglin. I
Love it
That's it, those are my cocktail napkin have scrolled.
Thank you, heavyweight caller paycheck.
No problem.
Do you have anything else?
As the floor is yours.
You know, I got one last little line I wrote which was, I know you're working on some
books and I'm hoping that you're working on your large font airport checkout aisle
memoir.
Yes.
I think I might have a pretty good title for it.
is it which is just a man and a mic a man and a mic but the cover would be you
with an old-time microphone but in the background would have Mike kind of
peeking in the frame I like that I like that a lot although I don't know if I
want Mike involved he's gonna want to share the I might just get a guy who
looks like Mike like I'll pay a pay a look alike just save the residual yeah
I'm I'm more George Clinton than on this one right the way he I was reading this
finally reading this issue of a wax poetics you know that magazine yeah I
don't I haven't read it but I know of it they had a they had a long they had a
An issue long a tribute to Parliament Funkadelic, right and in the issue
Everybody they talked to was just like yeah, he ripped us off George Clinton ripped us off
Just so depressing
It's like yep, it was like 10 people. Yep. He ripped us off
took all the money no royalties for anybody exactly I'm looking at I'm
looking at the chat right now it's I think it's a the chat looks good it's
great there's some guy who keeps posting stupid things in you know what I say
the chat goodbye I'm gone the chat I recommend everybody leave the chat leave
it. There's some guy who keeps posting things being a disruptor. Leave it. Just like yes
did. Leave it. Not super caller. Heavyweight caller paycheck. Thank you for calling.
Hey Tom. You got it started right. All right. Who is this Mike? FMU you're on the air.
Hi Tom.
Hi.
This is Julie from Cincinnati.
Oh.
Hey Julie, how are you?
Hey.
I thought it was a different Julie.
No, no, no, I thought it was a different Julie.
That's, that had no disappointment.
Oh, that's disappointed that I'm not the porno, Julie.
What?
What?
Isn't that a porno, Julie, or am I wrong?
Oh, you're wrong.
Oh, <E.D.>
Well, I'm sorry for saying that then.
Uh, what's up?
things out there and Cincinnati tonight. It's a wintery mix of stuff like from
the sky and that's how it is. Yes anyway I was going to apologize to the
FOTs although I believe I would be apologizing on the count of an
misunderstanding so I need your opinion I'll try to apologize on the count of
that are not
well what what would you be apologizing for
well because i said common but i believe they
interpreted common as like lu life
common i i don't need me
i have no idea what you're talking about
that's fine
uh... then i won't apologize for that but maybe if i give it for their
thought me i call in apologize next week
yes you may
thank you
Um, secondly, I was going to talk about my dog, but then she pulled me down the hill
and hung up on me.
So now, I was going to talk about psychotherapy.
That's my topic number two.
Hey, Ray.
Okay.
Sorry.
You know something about psychotherapy?
Yeah.
What about it?
Go ahead.
I want to hear what you have to say about it.
I like it.
Do you like it?
Sure.
really why not okay I don't know why not um the thing is I I loved your show
last week I was laughing so hard oh that's so nice of you to say no if I'm
just trying to manipulate you and to keep you me on the phone you'd admit
that what do you sick crazy and I don't be crazy because she psychotherapy is
you trying to manipulate me manipulate me oh why am I here took me 11 and a half
hours to drive through the snow to get here I come here to that that's what
That's what I risk life and limb for that's what I risk everything for
whoo
Yes, we did get it out of the way
So anyway the music we just heard we heard
Abba bangaboomerang
From their album entitled Abba
from the Abba box. Why do we tolerate this Abba box? I don't know either.
And starting us off the girls from Boston. Jeffrey, I hear you. Yes, there are good
things out of Boston too, the Celtics fans, you gotta ease up, ease up Celtics fans, you've
won nothing, you've won nothing, nothing, it's February, oh I'm so tired, I've lost
It's all momentum, all momentum out the window.
These people skidding all over the road driving here because it's snowy right now.
people in the New Jersey area. It's snow, we're turning into a sleet, slash frozen ice.
So the roads are not so hot, people have forgotten how to drive in this stuff. They're skidding
all over the place. I'm driving here on the highway, car weaving in front of me, can't
handle it the license plates what state Georgia you know what this stuff starts
coming down you're from Georgia pull over good time go grab a hot meal in fact
go get a room get a room you're from Georgia and this is going on you don't
along on the road. Is that your league? Just not used to it. One time a couple
few years ago I drove up from Georgia in January and they had gotten their
first ice storm in 12 years that day and the drive out of Georgia literally I
exaggerate not every mile as I went from Atlanta to Chapel Hill every single mile
in Georgia first of all every store was closed you'd think it was you think it
was I am legend the way the roads looked but every mile there was a car wiped
out people couldn't handle the roads they couldn't handle the phone number by
the way two oh one five three six nine three six eight two oh one five three six
nine three six eight that is the new number for tonight and for next week as
as we are in studio B preparing for the 2008 WFMU marathon you'll hear more
about in the coming weeks but anyway Georgia drivers couldn't handle the
roads stay off them that's like if I'd be confused if I was driving here and
there was like some Georgia thing going on like I don't like a KKK rally or
something like if that was going on on the streets here I'm sure that would be
very distracting and foreign to me but it's something the somebody from Georgia
might be used to
FM you're on the air hi Tom hi who's this my name is John John where are you
calling from I'm calling from my mom at Illinois believe it or not from Illinois
Yes. Hey, I got a question to ask you. Did you attend the 2006 Lollapalooza?
Yes, I did. You did, really? Yeah. Were you media? No, I was a fan, man. Oh, really?
Yeah. That was a great show. Wow. I thought I might have seen you or talked to you or
something, but I just wasn't sure. Who's your favorite band at that show?
Who was your favorite band at that show?
Oh, good question.
You know, I saw what I see.
I saw Common.
I thought they were good.
Wilco was good.
I liked Nickel Creek.
I kind of go for the folk stuff.
Lexco was pretty good.
Oh, the retcon tours.
I thought they were good.
Look at Jack White.
Like I Jack White.
Oh, that's right. You don't like him. That's right.
That's right. I don't. He's a creep.
Oh, well, you know, hey.
No, I don't now.
Oh, we're on the air, aren't we?
Yes, we are.
I didn't realize that.
Well, I got a question, though.
Oh, what's your question?
The question is this. What do you think about waterboarding?
I understand that, and you know what waterboarding is, right?
Well, why don't you explain to everybody what waterboarding is?
Okay, very good. Waterboarding is a torture technique whereby you put a bag, a cloth bag
over the victim's head, and then you pour water on them, and it simulates drowning,
so the person thinks they're drowning. Well, the torture technique that I think was started
back in the Inquisition, well, we use it now in the United States, and so were they
have used it. Anyway, I've heard a judge, and I think this judge is being considered
for the Supreme Court, I can't remember.
But anyway, his thinking about waterboarding is this.
If the quality of intelligence that you get
from the act of waterboarding an individual is good
and you can use it, then it's a legal act.
But if the quality of the intelligence you get
from the act of waterboarding an individual is not good,
well then it's not a legal act.
It's a bad act.
Well, that's just insane.
Wait, you got bad, right?
I can't believe I'm hearing myself here.
But yeah, that's a way you can hear yourself.
Yeah, and it's on a delay here. I didn't realize.
Hey, seven seconds from now, tell me what this sounds like.
Get off my phone!
Four, five, six, seven. Now he's hearing it.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, Tom, what's going on tonight?
Not a whole lot. How are you?
I am really ticked off at my job and my supervisors for not letting me leave an hour or two hours early tonight in this muck.
Where do you work?
Well, let's just say a telco.
What are you, Jason Bourne? You can't tell me where you work?
Get off my phone.
Let's just say no one knows who you are.
yes we'd like you uh...
hey uh... yeah gary uh... they want to see the the uh... president of the
company wants to see you in his office
okay i'll be right there
hello sir
yes uh...
i was listening to the radio last night
and i heard you call up a show complaining that you weren't let out of
work an hour long
and then you mentioned the company name
of which there are ninety eight thousand employees working in this state
that company. You're fired. Jeez. Calm down. Fm you, you're on the air. Hi, this is DJ
Terry T. What? What? Yeah, you know, the host of the Cherry Blossom Clinic. On Saturday
afternoon from three to six, you're correct. Exactly. I was listening to your program the
other night other day slash night hmm and you had a session on there it was
by a band called the black hollies yes you heard that session then yes wasn't
that amazing well that incredible yes it was incredible it was why it was that
was hot stuff that I gotta tell you that you couldn't even tell that that was
to them what that sounded like a record it's not perfect yeah oh yeah i'm and
you know i'm just
but my brag and no yeah i'm just presenting this stuff you should brag that sounded
so good you have every right to brag
that you gotta like everybody everybody check out the archive of that the black
hollies are amazing like great like a
and like psych heavy you know i i said that they sound sort of like if you don't
i don't know if it's not like uh...
cross between the yard birds and uh...
gone and the groundhog and
the naz and
something like that but they remind me of it was great it was so great and
cream
you know it's qx member of uh... rico lichen
a little punk route the pride of jersey city pride of jersey city exactly
uh... anyway i'd not to a digress although uh...
I do want to mention that I'm going to have on Dan Milk here in Doc Menace, live on my program this Saturday, coming in.
Oh, really?
Not for Dan Milk promoting.
No, that's right.
No, both.
That's okay.
But that's pretty cool, too.
Yes.
Pretty psyched about that because I did Dan Milk here in Doc Menace.
Amazing.
It's up also.
The reason why I'm calling is to wish you a happy birthday.
What?
Oh, thank you.
You're welcome.
So are you going to tell everybody how old you are? We were all wondering how old you are what?
says on my
Myspace
So you what are your 21 now? Yes, I just turned 21. Wow. All right
You know what this is I'm doing something really stupid here. Okay, sorry
driving me nuts. I had to turn the radio down
but
No, okay, cuz I thought that you were 57. That's right. I have said that in the past
That would make you 58 now. Yeah, and that was I say that so I can get I know a lot of bouncers to a lot of
Hip nightclubs listen. Oh, I say that. I like to get into these really cool piano bars
They have pretty strict bouncers and as a 20 year old doesn't make the cut, but if I say I'm 57
They usually let me slide
I say, I say, okay. All right. Well, you know, that's just just wondering. I wasn't sure.
I knew you were somewhere between the age of 20 and 57.
This show has a lot of bouncers to listen to it, by the way.
No, they do. They actually, I actually know some bouncers don't.
I do too.
Tough people.
They are.
Is Stevie Blue a bouncer?
Mike just said something. I think Stevie Blue has been bounced. I don't know if he's a
bouncer. He's been the bouncy. So I just want another quick question. Yes. What
have the Fox planned for your fantastic birthday? I don't know. Maybe it's a
surprise. Let me see. I'm waiting for a present to get rolled in here any second
no I'm not this is the present that they give to me is the ability to come here
and entertain them every week they allow me into their homes the greatest gift
of all you can give is them letting me into their homes three hours every night
because without them I would be nothing well you know what no I'm still here I'm
me I did this I built this I you start seeing we built the city no no no but I
actually have a suggestion for the thoughts if they want to give you a good
present they really love your show what and they want to give you a really nice
present yes during our fundraising marathon yes is it happening in two
week. Yes. Starting on I believe February 25th, right? They should call in during
your program and pledge the support. Well, that's true. They should donate
money to your show. That's that would be a great gift. That would be and then as
they're doing it, they get on the comment card, they should say happy birthday
Tom. We love you. They should just say, you know what? I like the happy birthday
thing I'm gonna say yeah it's coming on by the time the marathon starts I want
we love you on every card oh yeah that's a good way for the spots to show
support to to wish you a happy birthday exactly all right what I'll be doing
what you'll be doing what I'll be right and we love you on the card I look
forward to taking your pledge well anyway I just said do I don't want to
on the phone because i know i'm not super cool i'm not as glib in his witty
as though the other the other people that call in but i just want to say
happy birthday
and uh...
oh also you will be my a marathon co-host
the first week of my show yes that you're good
help people anyway and then listen to the saturday everybody yes
and i'll care death thank you the archive of the black holly okay
thank you d j terry t host of the cherry blossom glennaker each and every
Saturday from 3 to 6 p.m. WFMU.org slash TT right yes that is right go check it
out thank you FM you're on the air hi this is August wait what this is August
August is really really this is the real August
I'm
Assuming that
Yeah
You're the young man who has called the show before yeah
All right, let me give you a little test to make sure it's really you
You and I had met
In person at a rock concert true or false
That concert took place in A, Manhattan, B, Hoboken, C, Jersey City, D, International
Waters.
I think I have no clue where it was.
I think it was like Lowe's or something.
Yes, that's right.
it was in Jersey City. Okay. You passed the test August. How are you? I'm good. How are you?
I'm doing okay. Having fun? What? Are you having fun? Um, yeah, it's snowing in this area for
that fun. Yes. And how old are you now? You must be in your 20s. What? Since we've last spoken.
your 14. Yeah. Well, your voice has changed. You know that, right?
Yeah, I've heard that a lot. Now you sound like a grown up.
I don't know if that's a good thing or a bad thing. It's a good
thing. Okay. Because now you can call and go. You can like, you
can call and make like grown up calls now. So yes, I'd like to
rent a uh...
on the court
yes of course i'm a grown-up listen to my voice
don't say grown-up though
the kids a grown-up
say yes i'm an adult
so how is school treating you uh... august
interestingly
i've got teachers who like me and teachers who don't like what
who wouldn't like you
you seem like a uh...
uh... nice enough sort
well my latin teacher
uh... because i do the work
she's used to people who
take a while to do the work
i get it done quicker
she's not great about that
so your teacher doesn't like you because you're too good at it
uh... that's what i've seen
sick. It's wrong with this teacher. It doesn't look like a good student. You know what? Good.
You know, she deserves nothing but bad students. That's mostly what my class is made of. But
you're not rubbing it in everybody's face. Are you like done? No. Like when you finish
test you don't slam your pencil down and go boo no I don't really look it over
to make sure I didn't mess up anywhere see you know what I don't like this
teacher thumbs down I bet your bum that it's us knowing at this time huh the
zero chance of school being canceled tomorrow yeah I know but I keep on
hoping that something will happen no will still be canceled these roads will
be well-oiced. Tomorrow it'll be like you were, it'll be like you're in May, the way
the roads will look.
That's what everyone's been telling me.
Everyone's been telling you that the roads will look like May?
Well, not using the phatic, not using that exact speech, but basically saying that the
roads will be fine.
I'm afraid that that's true.
These roads are going to be fun and school will go on.
Oh, August, what are we going to do with you?
I don't know.
I think I'm going to say good night.
Thanks for calling though.
Keep calling.
I miss you, young August.
At one point I thought you were my, uh, you, you could have been Robin to my bad man.
But then you vanished.
Robin didn't vanish.
You didn't have the eye of the tiger.
You had him.
You didn't.
Robin, uh, I think Robin would have lost focus like that.
No.
I'm gonna end up robbing, and my robin's gonna be someone like, uh...
Julie from Cincinnati. She's there for me every week.
Thank you August.
Have a good night.
You too.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey Tom, it's maniac FOT.
FOT maniac FOT calling from Maine. I am. Yes. I remember correctly
You do remember correctly. Yeah, we're we're expecting six to ten inches of snow and a quarter to a half inch of ice
cool
Yeah, it's
It's times like this. I'm glad I have those four studded snow tires. I
Put my chains on this morning
really, yes, and
And first I got in my time machine and I went to get my chains it's you know
I everyone's in a while I forget when I see trucks dropping around with a chain
Jurgling underneath or jangling underneath what those are there for and then I remember. Oh, yeah, it's for traction
Chains there's nothing better than chains. That's right. You will always be prepared for weather and
for miscreants
Yeah, you could always remove the chain from your tire and fight someone with it. You could yeah
Yeah, it's not as good as a actually what I was gonna say it wasn't as good as a razor came
But the hell with that chain pretty much trumps everything else
Razor Kane's pretty scary though. Well, it's it does have the intimidation factor, but
You know, I think
It's you get a lot more
room to work with a chain.
Yes.
So the reason I was calling was that I had three options for slogan.
I don't know that it's going to be exactly what you're looking for,
but even if all three of them get shot down,
it's at least three directions that have been investigated,
may not work, and then other folks will note that's not territory
that they need to go into.
All right, let's hear them.
Okay. The first one uses punctuation in kind of the way that, you know, Sony uses it in theirs,
although theirs doesn't kind of make any sense. I think the Sony slogan is like no other,
and it's like period, no period other. In this case, it came up with a line that allows you to
simultaneously seem as if you're taking a stand in opposition to virtually anything.
And yet, you could also be in opposition to those who take a stand in opposition, almost
anything.
And it goes like this, sharpling period against just against sharpling, yeah, sharpling period
against period.
It may take the skies may not open and say that this is the right solution.
That may be the kind of one that you have to think about a little bit, live with a little
bit.
That's time really, that's like contact.
It is, it is a time release, yeah, it is sort of a time release tagline.
That one, maybe tonight I'll be home and then all of a sudden it'll go boring in my head.
Yeah, it's you know, it's in in my experience in in the business. I'm in sometimes the ones that ultimately
get
The thumbs up are the ones that initially folks were like no no no and then we had to say to them no wait
It could be time-release and what business are you in?
I actually work as a copywriter in an ad agency. Really? I really do have you written any exciting taglines any any
catchphrase that we may have
Seen and that may have entertained all of us. I actually have a my first TV spot is running right now on
ESPN ESPN 2 and on ABC for
a company called colonial life, and it's kind of a travel log
Thing that takes place in King, man, Arizona
Other than you're gonna say you work for sales genie. I was kind of jeez aren't those awful. I
Wonder are they racist leads?
Like if you're like running a racist company
And you're like, I'm not reaching enough racists, you need sales genie, you know, that could it could be I would think that race are
that are definitely the kind of folks that stick together. I haven't thought about it at all from that perspective, but
if you
That's absolutely a niche of people that probably for a lot of products is untapped
That would be brilliant if you just started aiming products towards racists. Yeah, exactly
Exactly.
It's like the, you know, cheese, you know.
Easy with the language.
Easy.
Yeah.
It's, you know, whatever it was, it was like the white, you know what, it would always
be like for a company, for instance, that was, you know, for total race, idiots.
Everything could be the white choice, the white choice in coffee, the white choice in
beef jerky.
It would.
You know what I say you do what you bring this up at your next little pitch meeting that could be there work guys
I'm gonna go way out on a limb here like way out on it's a so far out on a limb
It's a limb on a on a tree two trees over from the tree that we are on yeah
That's you know, I think because a lot of companies well certainly being
You know
perceived as
very tolerant
very uh...
you know colorblind when it comes to hiring at all
is sort of the norm now
yes but uh...
you would
certainly uh... stand out from the pack if if you were openly trying to market
to races
i don't know if it's
that might sort of
offend my own sensibilities but i suppose if it was right for a particular
client you do it
you do it you're an admin you don't care
uh... well that i don't care you just sell it
uh... you're right i just it's it's all about selling it's not about me
so tell tell what are the other two you got for me at this this next one x
thought
this next one is sort of in the same uh...
realm is the last one but it could you could do some interesting thing
graphically with it
and that would be
tom v
and then the symbol for infinity like tom versus infinity so again it's it's
saying that
you're willing to take a stand against anything
well what am I the highlander
i would not tell yourself short
i think many of the uh...
many of the the friends of tom would uh...
almost see you that way
if there anyone that you would be afraid of the heading
for instance now
since you brought up the highlander
in point. I'm afraid of no one. Yeah. Actually I am. Well you know there's
probably a lot of people listening now so I would kind of keep that under your
hat. Happy birthday by the way. Oh thank you. The last one and then there's sort
of one idea after this but the last one is kind of inspired by politics but it's
sort of works it's really kind of an evergreen and it's sharpening for America.
think about what you can do with that i mean really you you can you can
say that you are behind
uh... almost any idea or
again uh... against almost any idea if you say that it's best for america
what if it says sharpling and america
together again as if we were like a part of one point
that's good that good you know if you uh... if you created sort of a logo for
it too you could also have a band-aid that was red white and blue
So it's sort of like mending that rift that you had been there.
I like it.
See, I'm glad that you're warming up to these.
Again, may not be the right solution,
but at least it starts moving things in the right direction.
What if it shows Mount Rushmore, right?
Yeah.
Except it's got Stevie Blue's face carved in the side.
That's good.
You could also make hand stamps of it, or stickers.
Kind of, you know, maybe.
No, I'm literally thinking that's the way
to promote this idea
do you think how hard would it be to get another face carved uh... at mount
rush more
on the mountain itself uh... it would probably
let me just say that it's not
insurmountable
uh... it could probably be done
my understanding is that there's a lot of other bluffs out there that are
currently unmarked so you could actually
you know why why have your particular monument
uh...
Brought down by the president, you know all those other presidents. You could just have Stevie blues face
They're all by itself. You know that they're gonna put Reagan there doesn't it just sound like that's something that's gonna happen
At some point they can put Reagan on Mount Rushmore my guess is is that it's actually already going on underneath like the
All the vegetation and whatnot. Yeah, there's gonna be some sort of you know
you know, there'll be a long period of drought followed by torrential rains that causes a
land slide and then it will be this sort of dramatic reveal. Oh my gosh, look, it's
an act of God and they will transport Reagan's body from the pyramid and revivify it.
I actually thought that Super Dave had his face chiseled into the side of Mount Rushmore.
it was his actual face
that was a sort of like impressed upon it like
it just looked like it was uh... carved out of uh... out of the granite
but that's his actual that was actually him
i didn't realize his face was quite that large but
it was a weird photo i think there are some reflections going on
could be
larry
well anyway all by the way larry david is doing a woody alan movie
you know speaking of of speaking of Larry David and advertising yeah he was
the subject of one of the worst ads I've seen all year maybe in the last 10
have you seen that one it's the American Express has a campaign where people so
you know Beyonce has done one and they yeah you're a you rise a magazine ad
perfectly with state they write in there so it looks as if they've written in
stuff his was awful it's and i kind of thought he was sort of funny from
kerb your enthusiasm but
his was just awful it was totally talking about
you know i mean obviously the ads talk about
themselves but it was totally
focused on himself in a way that just
wasn't even funny it was it wasn't even like
so on funny that it was funny it was just
it was lame
i i saw that
not so hard
it was a bring down it was a bring down total bring down
listen i i got before i go i just wanted to throw up one other idea and
tell me if you think this this sort of
line of thinking is even worth investigating for the slogan again
let's hear something about some because again with you it's either thumbs up or
thumbs down
and if there is some play on some or some reference to thumbs
i'm not thinking about something so literal as i thought
or the sum of fate
i don't know if you think that
something like that could get some traction
you know
i'm going to put it in front of the uh... review board
i think there's something there
that's one that people can sleep on
it's a little bit of the contact all the time release one
again i don't know the actual words
you know figured out yet but it's it's an idea if you think that it would have
merit
if it's worth digging into further
we're gonna check that out we're gonna law sleep on it
all right thank you maniac fought
well listen have a great rest of the show or you to thank you okay
uh...
well freewheel and so far
so the freewheel
fun show
so far
Lucy Goosey.
So as I'm stuck out in the weather here,
driving around trying to make my way here,
I finally eat at about five o'clock.
The first thing I ate all day,
A baja fresh.
I pulled into a baja fresh.
Little word of advice, baja fresh.
Got you guys wearing the gloves?
I love it.
I love it wearing those gloves.
But you know what?
The guy behind the counter.
Guy doing the, I don't care if you're wearing gloves.
You're touching money.
You're touching all the stuff wearing gloves.
Yeah, you're not helping things. Just don't touch the food
Guys wearing gloves
Get the registers wearing the gloves it's a waste of a pair of gloves
FM you you're on the air. Hey Tom. Hey, hey, it's Bill down in Millersville, Maryland
What's that? I said it's Bill down in Millersville, Maryland. Bill. How are you Bill? I'm good. I'm all myself
myself and I hope I hope I'm coming through okay yeah yeah now it's a good
connection well normally I listen to the show you know online and I haven't been
able to do that tonight I'm actually stuck in traffic and I'm coming back
from my doing my duty at the the old polling place oh really yep you voted
today I did yeah and do you mind I know it's your business so who did you
vote for well I know I technically it is none of your business but I'll tell you
yeah well you brought it up though why wasn't gonna tell you I voted for I was
just saying I did my you know my civil duty your sit your civic duty okay what
that that's what you did today your civic duty my civil duty sure okay okay
I voted for big Mike what's that I voted for big Mike big Mike yeah Mike
Huckabee, I'm assuming, is Big Mike? Yeah. Why? Okay. Fair enough. Yeah. Well, it's
funny because I wasn't going to vote for him until just this morning. Uh-huh. Yeah.
And what made you change your mind and want to vote for Mike Huckabee? Well, I
was all set to vote for, you know, for McLean. And then I saw this footage on
on the news
of huckleby plant playing the bass guitar
have you seen this
i i have seen him play bass before yeah i he he's played it as he
the gun is count the campaign trail
yeah he's really good there was this
the footage i saw it must have been in like nebraska or aio or something because
he had this cool shirt on
that had like
ears of corn all over it
uh...
And he was getting some good tones out of that thing.
I don't think he had flat wound strings, but it sounded like it.
And that's a hard sound to pull off.
Oh, what do you mean, playing with flat wound strings?
No, I'm saying using normal strings.
Uh-huh.
You know, but making it sound flat wound?
Oh, okay.
There's an art to that, you know.
And he was popping that stuff too, which is also hard.
So that gets my vote.
So that's actually what made you switch to him?
Absolutely, yeah.
I mean, can you imagine when he's president?
How so?
Well, he'll just be playing bass on the front lawn, you know?
That would be great.
Well what about, well, that's kind of not what we elect somebody for.
Well, I mean, I, can you imagine his cabinet?
He'll have like a, like a bass cabinet.
you mean like a
like a base cabinet is a speaker
i'd be if you're right that is actually kind of like a plague on words
now well it's a
wait a what
uh... what what
you said it would base cabinet was a
a what on words
plague on words
pla
uh... play on words
it's a plague on words
When something so funny, it's sick. That's a plague on words.
Now, that is not what it is.
Sure it is.
It's definitely not.
I think it is.
I know it's not.
OK, well geez.
All right, well.
Can you imagine who it'd be in his cabinet, though?
Like, like, uh, no, actually, I didn't give much thought
to a Mike Huckabee, uh, candidacy, let alone.
It'd huckle be, jerk.
I think it's Huckabee, but.
well i know you're wrong okay
anyway yeah
thing
uh...
peter cetera
john n twistle
the child weight
uh... gosh well john paul jones
so first of all first of all just a backup in general
you're saying that the whole english thing about john n twistle right
well no i was actually going to bring up
Just the facts, first of all, just backing all the way up to the fact that the people on his cabinet are just bass players?
Yeah.
Well, that's kind of not practical.
Oh, I think you're going to say it's kind of not cool.
You mean meaning that it would be cool?
Exactly, yeah.
Yeah, no, that's not what I was thinking.
Oh.
Yeah, I was, but even beyond that, you have John Antwhistle on your, as a proposed member
of the base cabinet.
I sure do, Tom.
Well, I mean, I'm not as taken aback by the fact that John Antwhistle is British as I
am by the fact that he's dead.
He's not dead.
John Antwhistle from the who?
Yeah.
He is dead.
No, he's not.
Well, geez.
Well, you know, I've been at a town for like four days.
No, he...
No, I could...
Okay, I must have missed it.
No, he died a few years ago.
No, he...
Really?
Yes.
Well, how did you, uh...
What kind of like on-air memorial for him did you have on your show?
I don't think I had anything.
Are you serious?
I don't think so.
Well, could you play something now?
What do you mean like now like a tribute to John and Whistler who died four years ago now?
Yeah, maybe something from a Smasher Head against the Wall?
Is that one of his solo albums?
I keep forgetting that this is a high school radio station run by volunteers.
It's not. Yes it is. No it's not a high school radio station. Okay well how
about why don't you play my live? I don't know that song. You've never heard
who's next. I've heard who's next. Well it's his showcase song. On who's next?
Yes, I don't think what was it called my lies my life my wife is on
Who's next? I?
Don't need to know what your wife is doing right now, but
No, that's what it's with anything. Hey, well, it's the title. It's the title of the song
What is my wife?
Your wife
This is turning into like a like a who's on first thing. I I don't get
Well, it's not turning into a who's on first thing because you're completely wrong and it's it's my wife is the name of the song
Not my life. It's my life. It's it's not okay. Well
Huh
Seems like it would be yeah, it's not okay. Well play something by him, all right
I'm I don't know how I'm just playing the base solo on from my generation
Just the base solo. Yeah, you know, I don't know if we're gonna get any John at Whiffle tonight. I mean you play it. Oh
I don't have a I don't play bass. Well, could you hum it for me? I
Mean
I'll start you off. Okay
So, … you're doing it actually.
I'm doing it because I think that I could probably do it better than you but I think
I'm showing your listeners that I can probably do it better than even the Ox could.
Do you mean mouth guarded base solo from, yeah, maybe?
I'm not even mouthing it, maybe I'm actually playing it.
You're not playing it.
Maybe I have a base in my car right now.
You don't.
And it's hooked up to my stereo.
But that wouldn't be true.
Define true.
It's not actually happening.
No, it's not.
Why?
Well, I don't know.
It doesn't matter to me.
Well, getting back to Huckle Beach.
Yeah?
That's who you're going to vote for, isn't it?
Um...
No, not even a little bit.
Why not?
Well, I guess...
well he's probably not going to get into the he's not going to be in the
presidential election he's not going to be the republican candidate but he will
be he's one vote closer but pry but the reason I'm not going to I'm not even if
he was is because he his views are horrible what do you mean he plays the
base but he you mean like he said well well like how do you feel about the war
Oh, I hate it. Why uh-huh? Well, he's he's for it. You know that wait
Yeah, he's for it. He's for the war
Okay, well, that's one thing that we get ready on
Like gay rights
Yeah, where do you stand on on gay rights? I'm totally pro gay, right? Okay
Uh-huh
Yeah, well, so yeah, so he's totally against gay rights
Does that you still gonna vote for him? I just did
No, I'm saying okay, but now apparently since you're learning stuff that you didn't know yeah
The that may kind of makes you look at him in a different light doesn't it? Oh sort of yeah
I mean, the base thing almost outweighs all that stuff, but it's still, yeah, I'm starting to question it.
I might have to turn around and go back to the 7-Eleven.
What's that?
I said I might have to turn around and go back to the 7-Eleven.
What's at the 7-Eleven?
That's why I voted.
Well, I don't know if you voted then.
I did.
Where?
They have this jar that they have these cards in.
Uh-huh.
that's where I wrote his name on a card and I put it in there. Well that's not a
real vote. It's not? No that well it did well okay was was there any did you
also put your name and phone number on it? No. No. No. Was there any signs saying
that you won anything that you could win were they doing a drawing by any chance?
There was something that said I could win a free sandwich and slurpy combo.
Yeah, that's not voting. You just put your name into a drawing.
Oh, but I didn't put my name in. That means that my cocklebee is going to win.
Yeah, he might. He might actually win it.
So not only did I not vote for him, he's going to get my combo pack.
Yeah, you know what? If he wins, if that card gets drawn, then I guess he gets it.
Ahhh.
Yeah, are you all right there?
Not really.
You got other things going on more than this though, right?
Sort of, yeah.
Big stuff.
Kind of.
You're kind of just putting it out through this.
Yeah.
Yeah, you're gonna be alright tonight. I don't think so. You know it can get me through though. What guess?
The base solo from my generation. Yeah, would you do it with me?
Sure, okay
Will you start it off?
Preview on day me dum da dum DIY
Look up.
Down?
Down?
Down!
Get your call scooter!
What's with him Keith?
Mike!
Get him on this too.
He doesn't want to do this!
Why not?
It's fun isn't it?!
You want to do this Mike?
Now he said now.
I will <E.D.> him sc layout you!
rate. 201. 5369368 is the number here on WFMU.
Web, WFMU.org. The ID so nice to say it twice. So anyway, this past weekend, I went, that's
right get ready to sit tight here it comes for one night yes you know it
Atlantic City and it was fun good time had by all
I pull into the, uh, first I get a free room, right, because I get this postcard saying,
uh, I stayed at the Trump Marina like two years ago once, and I never went back because it
was horrible. And then they sent me a postcard saying, I have a take a free room. So I was
like you know what free I'll take it so I go back with my free room pull into the
parking garage get out of my car first thing I see on the ground that's right
a dollar bill right outside my car there's a dollar laying right on the ground
I'm up a dollar already. So I'm literally up. I say to myself, I am up a dollar.
Then, hey buddy, some guy, hey buddy. I'm a scary guy, literally, comes right up to me.
The second I pick the dollar up and goes, I am stuck in this parking garage that I got
no money left. Can you give me five dollars? I'm telling you, this guy was
this guy was rough stuff. And now if I say no, then I go, no thanks buddy and I go
inside the parking garage. This guy just looks at my car and goes, okay let me
just deface his car now. So I give the guy the five dollars. Now I'm down four
I didn't even get in the casino yet down four bucks. I didn't even play a Star Wars
slot machine. Which is the only thing I play. For fun. I go there for I don't live
on that stuff. You sit there, yeah you put the money in the Star Wars slot
machine not heavy duty so then I go in I get my free room I have my laptop with
me my my fancy Apple laptop my laptop and I go in the room and I sign up for the
for the internet in the room, which is like $10 or $12 or something like that, and you
have to put a name in when you type in, like an ID name, so I put in it's like blank at
Trump is what it has to be, so I put in sharpling at Trump, and throw all the information in,
send bonk. This name has been used already. Okay. So now I got to reenter everything.
So I put in the thing now.
I put in Trump sucks at Trump as my password.
Let me ask my ID, sign up again, fill everything out, everything's going great.
Congratulations, here's your account, just click on this page and start getting your email.
I mean your internet connection, no hookup, not connected.
around with it try to get it going nothing it's not hooked up now I can't
make the connection so now I have to call customer service like the 800
number like if you cannot make the connection call this number and I have to
call it and go ladies like like this lady from Rhode Island was working the
phones. She's like, uh, what you, what you, uh, what you ID. Like, uh,
TR, you, MPS, you see, Ks, like trying to say it without saying what it is. And then she goes,
What's that? I'm like all right. I made a little mistake when I signed up and I
typed in Trump sucks at Trump.com and then she was like laughing and laughing
this uh 40 uh 40 smokes a day Rhode Island uh woman sounded like a uh pirate
sounded like that woman that calls who sounds like uh the female Stevie blue
I mentioned Stevie blue like ten times tonight that's bad news that's like
Rumpelstiltskin. It's like a it's like a rockabilly Rumpelstiltskin.
Hey, it's time to remember Mr. Moon. I'm conjuring him. It's like Candyman. Like that movie Candyman.
You say it three times he's gonna show up. So anyway, I said this to myself. I forget it. I don't
even want Internet got a break away from the Internet once in a while so I leave
the the the hotel figure I'll go take a nice walk on the boardwalk and I start
by one end of the boardwalk and I'm walking through the one casino that
has the House of Blues in it. And who's going to be playing at the House of Blues? That's
right. Henry Rollins doing a spoken word show at the House of Blues in Atlantic City. And
it was like Henry Rollins, an evening of opinionated American thought. Like some, some completely
delusional. Like this guy's a Rylock. Look, nobody loves Henry Rollins more than I do.
I love Henry Rollins. I have read more Henry Rollins books than 99% of Henry Rollins fans.
I've logged the miles on this. But this guy, he's conducting business as if it's 2003.
If he's the only one saying that Bush is no good.
You know what?
The problem is Bush, a president.
Bush.
Oh, Captain Obvious.
Five years behind the trends here.
And you know, you go to see this guy in Atlantic City.
You know he's going to come out and here in a casino.
How about that?
Playing there.
The gambler.
People pumping the money.
said people putting all the money in the slot machines saying goodbye they're
money nothing more American than that and I'll start doing a Texas accent you
know what don't play casino then got such a hard time with it so wrong don't
play it go do go do a thing in a rock club I'm already attributing things to
him that he has not said for the record but I'm gonna guess that I'm not
not that far off. Is there a reason I cannot get back in the chat mic? Is it gone? Is
that one cooke running rampant? It's too bad. The chat was nice. Now it's just garbage.
Now it's just garbage.
So I go, I'm reading my, I'm walking the boardwalk, very nice day.
Back and forth.
listen to my nice little music on my my Walkman and then go eat a nice food go
back to the to the hotel read my book reading this this Norman Mailer book the
Deer Park which is one of those things I started this book back in like
December read 130 pages of it put it down when the holidays got a got a
cooking forgot who all the characters were had to go back to page one read this
whole thing oh not so hot oh that book was so
It was two-thirds too long, and I'm reading this thing, I actually read an extra third
of it, twice, and I would never have bought this book after the fact that I finished the
book the other night, and I'm just like, I finished it, I'm like, oh, that was not very
good.
What did people think of that book?
So I go on and I start searching around online to see what people's opinion of the
The Deer Park was.
And first of all, I end up on the Deer Park, the Water website, which distracted me for
about two and a half hours, reading all about the water.
And very exciting.
It's actually a pretty cool website, the Deer Park website.
But then I got back and looked at the book.
First thing I see, the Deer Park, most people didn't like it.
One person who did like it and considered it an influence was Jim Morrison.
Oh boy, I would have seen that.
No way I would have bought the Deer Park.
So I read my book.
Go to play Star Wars slot machine for 15 minutes.
then go to bed, I wake up, ready to go home, and then there's this guy, as I'm going down
the elevator, the security desk, there's a guy talking to security, he came down to
the elevator with me, I was going past, and then he stopped at the security desk with
the security guards, and he goes, yes, last night I invited a young woman up to my room,
And she took everything, I just woke up, she took everything.
And this guy looked like, you know when movies when people, if somebody in real life looks
like a famous person, but they're just like, you know, they're just more normal looking.
Like people in movies are super attractive generally, if somebody's like, oh, that guy
kind of looks like George Clooney.
You know, he doesn't look literally like George Clooney.
looks like a real-world version of George Clooney. That's what somebody would say
about this guy if it was, oh that guy looks kind of like Zero Mostel. This guy
was like Zero Mostel without the rough edges sanded off. So then I'm walking out
with my bag and I figure I'll sit down now before I go to my car. Sit with my
Star Wars slot machine one last time. Sit down, start playing. Then four minutes
security guard comes up. Sir, you're not allowed to come on the casino floor
with oversized luggage. You're not allowed to come on the casino floor
with oversized luggage like what this this this bag I have not an oversized bag
it was not a suitcase it's a bag you see the bag I carry around every week Mike
it's that bag is that oversized this guy's throwing me off the floor
And I look around every third person is sitting on a rascal
These things and what do I have a bomb in this bag?
You got these things these people are in these things. He he's like
Robots they could take over the casino with if they were all robots like a joint like Voltron
Middle of the floor
These things these people's going around a thousand pounds of
Heavy-duty machinery they're throwing me off the floor because I got I was bagged with my laptop my
my dear park in it and
Change of clothes of course I changed my clothes. We think I'm an animal
And then I tried to like I was like, you know what I want to leave anyway
so I was trying to make the guy feel bad like guys like well you can go check your
bag and come back and play the slot machine again like no that's all right
I'll leave and the guy didn't get it did not care it's like okay so I'm like hey
wait you got a redemption machine where's the redemption machine I want to cash
out so I can leave I'll go gamble somewhere else no intention of gambling
anywhere else. Right over here, sir. I didn't care. A guy with stone cold. A guy called
my bluff all the way down the line. Zero customer satisfaction on that one. I could
not get that guy to go, sir. I apologize, but it's our casino policy. I didn't care.
This guy was ruthless.
What's that?
No, exactly.
This is Atlantic City.
That's how you get treated there.
Vegas would be like, yes, Mr. Sharpling.
No, Mr. Sharpling.
Are you enjoying the Lincoln Suite?
Lincoln Suite.
hehehe
hehe
when it's city
again ham and egg are get out
i was probably was like joe lunch pail on the floor there
but you know what
that's the one thing to go to go to las vegas
a lot of attractive people in las vegas
go to lantic city
odds are
you instantly shoot up to the top ninety ninth percentile
of uh... physical beauty
just by just by the fact that you're not in a jazzy driving on the casino floor
with a keychain that has a a comp card from every one of the 58 casinos
Oh Atlantic City, you do it to me every time.
I still love you Atlantic City.
I'm going to put a topic on the table.
How about that?
And then I'm going to read part two, the conclusion of the best show fan fiction written by John
from Maplewood.
You think through your life, what is a constant?
You know it's a constant advice, you get it, you give it, it's always there.
You can think of good advice you've gotten, advice that went over your head at one point
and then years later kicked in, you're like, so that's what that meant.
You can think of advice you've given where you've gone after the fact and thought, oh
boy, what was I thinking?
So the topic is, that's right, get ready.
Best advice, worst advice, either given or received.
What's the best advice you've given?
What's the worst advice you've given?
What's the best advice you've received?
What's the worst advice you've received throughout your life?
201, 536, 9368 is the number 201, 536, 9368.
That is the topic, advice given, received, good, bad.
Comedian Paul F. Tomkin said that this show often entered into bearbaiting country.
Comedian Pat and Oswald said that a lot of people like to throw rocks at the Gibbon.
Me being the Gibbon, setting me off, getting me wound up about certain topics.
So naturally, I go to Entertainment Weekly, I open up the new issue, and Diablo Cody,
or the screenwriter for Juno, has a column in there.
Now it is well documented, I was not a fan of Juno by any stretch.
So now, people, everybody, and you see the column in Entertainment Weekly, you see the
new one through the Diablo Cody column. They mean well. But
they're throwing rocks at me. They're baiting the bear. So you
know what? I can tell you my experience with that column. I
saw she had written the column. I looked at it. I saw she
said something about new kids on the block. My eyes instantly
blurred on the page saw the words hammer man I guess the MC hammer cartoon then
saw new kids on the block mentioned in their NKOTB form what do you call that
Mike and acronym yes that what you call it really see again I'm not very smart
Never gonna make any bones about that. I'm crafty. I'm more like Bugs Bunny. I get my way.
I'll trick you into hiding in an oven perhaps or by saying that it is
rabbit-sees and I will make you say it's duck-sees and but when it comes to
things like definitions of words state capitals simple math you are out of
luck so I saw new kids on the block hammerman new kids on the block that's all I
need to see closed it through the issue out if I don't read an issue of
entertainment weekly in under 15 minutes either something is wrong with me or
Or actually, that's it. Something's wrong with me.
There's no reason you should take longer than 15 minutes to read an entire issue of entertainment weekly.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi, this is Abraham.
Abraham, where are you calling from?
I am calling from Boston, Massachusetts.
How are things up in Boston?
I'm not actually from Boston.
Okay.
since myself a little bit, but it's windy and gross and snowy.
It's been great for the past three days.
I don't know, it's kind of yucky.
You got Celtics fever?
Celtics fever?
Yeah.
No, my dad is this huge sports fan.
I'm kind of like a disappointment to him
because I don't follow basketball or baseball really.
I know when I was going up, I'm originally from Chicago.
And it was like watching the Justice League or something
when the bulls were winning back then
you know it was like
you know anything about sports
you could just watch it
yes you like yeah yeah that's right got to get them but it was like you're
talking about green lantern or something you know it was bigger
bigger than that sports
yeah
it was bigger than complex that i wouldn't need those back then
the topic is
best advice worst advice
what do you have for us a brahamp
uh... best advice
definitely best advice ever got all right let's hear it
uh... or we'd sort so you remember that show our skin city
remember on tv with uh... richard kind
okay so richard kind not michael jafar
popular member him obviously but uh... richard kind of the factor on their
anyway
richard time for people who might not might not uh... replacing the face
he is a recurring character on uh... on carburet enthusiasm
that's right he's the car thing blazer right yes he's not the one whose face
looks like it's melting
that's larry's friend
that's right way by super dave
did he get hurt
is his face like that because he got hurt in a super dave stunt
i i think that's it yeah
well
which are kind
It's 2003, and I'm the most acting camp.
I used to like acting back when I was younger.
Kids, we got a huge surprise for you.
What?
Richard Kind is going to come by, and he's going to give some acting advice.
You're going to do some scenes.
No, no, no, no.
See, it was kind of, it was actually, it was a sweet idea.
See, there was this new musical that was happening.
In Chicago and the the person who ran the program. Are you one of kind's kids? I might want to come
No, no, no, no, no. No, is that doesn't isn't that like this camp his acting camp?
No, this is not like his personal like playground the Richard kind players or anything like that
No, this is this was just this stupid saying that takes itself really serious like I thought about that
But that's the advice richy kind's come no would be dick kind like when people say a celebrity's name
But they have to do a different first name
Yeah, right. Just like show that you know the person. There's a good guy dick cunt
Dickey, you know, I used to call them now
So go ahead. So Abraham so you're at this acting camp. How old are you at the time at the time off?
It was I must have been like 17 16 cents. No, 17 17
Something 18? It was a while ago. The point is, so I'm young, I'm impressionable.
And the thing is, since I was a little kid, I don't know if this is coming across in this call,
but I'm kind of loud, and I used to do a lot of theater, and I was in high school,
and I went to this acting camp that took itself really seriously,
and the husband, the director of the camp, was in this play with Richard Kind,
at the Goodman Theatre, which is a big theatre in Chicago anyway.
So we have a take on a steel trip.
We see the play.
It's not that good.
Richard Kline, though, very good in it.
He's a good singer, it turns out.
He's very good, interesting to watch.
And afterwards, we got a Q&A session with Richard Kline
and with some of the actors.
So we're sitting there from this Q&A session.
And of course, some girl from our program
has to be, you know, like that person
and add a question and answer session.
Who goes, I have a question for Mr. Kahn,
because Mr. Kahn was the star of the show, and he goes, yes.
And she says, what advice would you
give to someone who wants to be an actress?
And he pauses for about half a second,
and then just says, don't do it.
And the whole room is just silent.
And he says, I'm in that for actors, too.
Everybody, don't do it.
And these are all like high school students.
The whole point of this program is to train you how
to be an actor.
And then there's sort of this laugh.
And everybody joins in and laughs along.
And the husband, who's also in the classrooms on stage
for the Q&A, goes, I think what mental kind of means
is don't do it unless you're really committed
and you're really prepared to sacrifice yourself.
And Richard kind just interrupts him and says, no,
I mean, literally, don't do it.
like I kind of regret that I did it.
I'm sort of successful at it.
I want the worst advice I ever heard.
Well, what did Richard Kahn got drafted into acting?
America is demanding that he stay in the profession.
So, well, yeah, that's the thing.
Please don't leave us, Richard Kahn.
Give us one more year.
One more year as I were asking.
I'm getting more.
OK, one more.
one more but then i'm out of here
even thought that he was pretty raw
and that he like gave that up to be an actor and that he regretted it
uh... that's what the world needs
lawyer
that's great
so okay
so the plan is the reason why this is good advice about you terrible advice in
that it's very extreme it's really way way hardcore to the
opposite end of uh...
of what you'd expect to be hearing from somebody like him, is that he didn't sort of elaborate
and then said, look, what I mean is, you know, if you really can't think of anything else
to do in Duke Theater, but the thing is that if you want to have the creative process,
you can do the creative process in a lot of ways where you're not going to get stuck
in this rut because the thing you can get stuck in is in between, he said that there
wasn't this paradigm between, sorry, that's a big stupid word, it's not making it and
not making it.
It's making it and then sort of making it because you can spend your whole life in acting
just sort of making it, you know, like being like, oh, you know, if I get this part in
this community theater show, this is, you know, I'll get recognized, you're like, wow,
I got that great review for my one women show, you know, I'm just close, or like, I'm in
chorus for this one musical and then like you wake up and you're 40 and you haven't
made it.
So now Richard Kahn was just being a hypocrite because he had made it but it was this wake
up call to me and I didn't realize it until like two years later when I went to college
and I started doing theater at the college level or whatever and I just saw all of these
people
graduating and then like coming back and talking about like
yeah i mean with you know i mean we are killed barely getting by
and uh... you know working for renaissance there but you know the guy in the
renaissance fair you know if the director of it his brother
there was somebody who worked with them for you then there is a right now i
see exactly what you're saying
if you say you should be an actor you should instantly be uh...
touched on the head by uh... someone's magic wand
and given uh... forty million dollars and uh... leading role in the movie
usually have to work for it
there is enough to take your lumps
remember i just didn't want the competition
which account you think that's what i was kind of didn't want the competition
what do you do you know you're done acting
me yeah i think i i i saw friends getting stopped in that
and i really don't know my acting teachers of the kid
that's like how they ended up doing that and they were kind of unhappy and i don't
I thought it was you got to work if you want to be an actor. I don't believe in the course
What would you do? I'm saying don't be an actor is that that's stupid
But what you're kind of saying like if you do decide to be an actor you run the risk of being in that limbo
That was good advice. That was that was something that stuck with me
I felt like you know what if I want to be an actor
I'm gonna have to be prepared to go through like possibly my whole life not knowing them actually not gonna make it and
And I just don't want to live with that kind of like what are you trying to be an actor to make it or be an actor to have a good
Time acting
Well, that was sort of what I had to work out for myself, and I realized, you know what it would be selfish and stupid of me
You just wanted the money you just wanted the money you wanted to sweet stuff off my phone
You greedy creep
Yeah, they want to be an actor because
Apparently it's good hard to get super rich
No, you want to be rich and I was a ticket. What do you what do you are?
It's like one of the like a gaudy kid like I saw on that
The gaudy show where the kids like yeah, what'd it be a billionaire?
Like the guy's like I gotta try to give my nephew some guidance
What do you want to be when you grow up the one dumb gaudy kids like what would it be a billionaire?
Like and how do you want to be a billionaire? Oh no, I do
Thumbs down Abraham you are the front runner for worst caller of 2008 market
market
FM you you're on the air
Hi, John. It's back to you from Green Point. Matthew. Let me just say the phone number is different tonight
201 536 936 a we are talking about advice good advice
bad advice advice you've given advice you've gotten
201 536 9368 what uh what do you got for me
Matthew um i got a really good piece of advice
uh which i failed to follow and um that advice was don't move to
math path queens what um math path is where
archie bonkers live you lived in an archie bonkers
neighborhood? Yeah. How was that? It was pretty sad. I was living in Hell's
Kitchen in whatever in 2000 and I decided it was too expensive so I moved to
Mass, that's Queens thinking it would I would save a lot of money and and such
but I moved there and then I realized it was just awful. I lived next to a
nursing home and on next to a mattress store and so you were between a nursing
home and a mattress store yeah wow there's nothing to do when I had to take a
I had to walk half an hour to take a bus to take a subway to get anywhere I didn't
have a car my roommate was a a druggie guy is there a statue of Archie bunker
out there by any chance what that do they have a statue of rg bonker
um
they should um
i'm afraid they don't
are you sure i'll be good though for the uh
chairman of commerce
i think it would be cool to have an rg bonker statue
do you think you'd be wearing like his uh... plaid plaid jacket or just his uh...
yeah that were that jacket he wore when he walked in
he'd be wearing that in that hat
what do you just be thinking as chair just like
yelling at someone
can we say now that all the family is one of the worst shows in tv history yet
can we now admit that
people america
i'd rate a thousand percent
it's just like it he's so it's just so
mean
for no reason
but just like it's going to be funny but how many was but now he's just mean
and it's just
can you imagine how annoying a show like that would be like a modern version
of all in the family
i'm going out to campaign for a bomb
uh...
bomb
you've got to be kidding me
you've got a phone
you've got a phone if they like he'd be like mcc
you know you've got a vote for romney
uh...
that you know he'd be the fed Thompson
like meathead would be uh... big obama supporter
i thought you had with you like uh...
like a big stop the war guy
and uh...
me i grew up with that
you like on our two states about it and everyone's faith
i don't like it
thanks buddy
right on
cable as the vice was to not move to that neighborhood he still didn't listen
fm you you're on the air
hi tom how's it going
oh it's going all right who's this
This is Ramsey out in Green Point.
Ramsey in Green Point, I know you.
Yes, you do.
We have a friend in common.
Yes, we do.
How was that guy doing?
I think he's doing all right.
He's doing good.
I was just talking to him the other day.
James.
Yeah.
Sad.
He makes you sad sometimes, doesn't he?
Here and there.
But he powers through.
He's like Napoleon.
Yeah, the the little man syndrome. Yeah, he's a little short guy with a bad to pay. Yeah,
no, I told him to ditch that thing too. And and then he's on he's he's like, I want
to be on Facebook. Be my friend on Facebook. Like begging me to let who accept him as a
friend on Facebook. And the only reason I did is because I like to watch his dumb updates.
Oh, yeah, you got to watch the feed.
Yeah, I get to see what this guy thinks easy.
He's writing up poetry, these things, James, sad and getting sadder.
So Ramsey, let's talk about something more positive advice.
Well, maybe not so positive, but I have some bad advice that was given to me.
All right, who gave it to your friend, James?
notes from my dad actually
his name is name is even james it's like lee uphold or something
yet something else
uh...
i don't know if we should disclose it
well that's i think it's lee is it lee uphold
uh...
no it's not lee uphold
i thought it was
sure
what that you sure his name is not lee uphold
i might have to double check i'll get on facebook and check let's check i go
back to the advice
It wasn't so much bad advice as it would have just completely changed the outcome of my life so far. I guess okay
Messing with the timeline a little bit it was probably my second year of college and I
Think the Iraq war was halfway through or I'm halfway through about
halfway through the first year or so and
and my dad suggested that since the draft was going to be coming soon that I
should join the Air Force so that I could have my pick of the branch of
military that I was doing. Wait, wait, what, what, what the air is this? 2003?
Yeah. Okay. And so had I done that at that point. Who's your dad the not so
great Santini? Exactly, exactly. I think there was some sort of, of the
around the time where
there was all the buzz i think fair nine eleven where
they were asking if there was a draft which you send your son that sort of
thing
he got kind of swept up into all that hype
is your dad a military man
he was he was
but what what branch did he serve it
uh... he was in the army
uh... okay
but he uh... he flew
so at least he walked the walk that's all i want to know i want to make sure your
Your dad wasn't like just sending you up to the front line.
Your dad's background, he puts his money where his mouth is.
He was there, he was saying that you should go there.
Exactly, yeah, and it's not necessarily bad advice, but it just would have drastically
changed where I am today.
Exactly.
Now, your friends with James.
Exactly.
Yes.
Can you imagine James in the army?
no
no i i don't want to
the guy would be they put him in the chair to shave his head
and then there's like the guy's clippers would get uh...
the is is uh... to pay would get mangled up in the clippers
it'd be a much quicker job though at once untangled after he exactly
once he brought those he would break it entire pair of shears
oh what are we going to do ramsi
you know what
you would have made a great uh... a great a military man but i'm glad you're
here with us
i'm glad i'm here too
thank you so safe and sound
you have a good night
you too
fm you you're on the air
e-tom it's john from maplewood john from maplewood the author
yes
of
where turkeys dare
that's right which tonight we will be hearing the dramatic conclusion of
i am i am apprehensive when last we left off
Bob Saggot had escaped from the hate pit. There was a dramatic helicopter raid and thrown
over the hate pit and lowered a ladder.
That's right.
We'll find out what happens.
Yes.
And you were running after it.
I was firing a crossbow at it.
That's correct.
That's correct.
Your weapon of choice.
Yes.
And Dogmouth was barking. Dogmouth, by the way, let me take a moment to pay tribute to Dogmouth.
dog ever I salute you dog well and you know what pound dog really pound dog
not one of these snobby kennel dogs good for you papers his dog's got no
papers the only paper guy was the thing said taker so here she's yours best
dog ever what kind of dog is it yeah she is a she's part pit bull and part
something else. We're not sure what the other part is. Okay. Best dog ever. I've
never met a nicer dog. These people with their fancy schmancy
kennel dogs. Thumbs down. Hmm. What are you going to Westminster dog show with
your dog? If yes. Okay then stick with your fancy schmancy kennel dogs. If not
you got to get a dog from the pound a lot of dogs out there need a home yes so
let's go forward James from Maplewood James John sorry James on the brain
that hurt I'm sorry but no James is not from Maplewood so that is a little
slip it don't worry I'm from Maplewood I quickly wanted to mention before
getting to the topic when you had when you were sitting in the casino with that
bag yes I guess they also didn't notice the number of people with oxygen tanks
right next to a person smoking a cigarette yeah exactly that's some
person that's exactly it people wheeling around that place is a place is
ready to blow it is a tinderbox yeah got these people they what do they think
I'm a threat with my bag my bag my very nice Ben Sherman bag or shame
or shame thumbs down on that uh... troglodite working the uh... casino floor
thumbs down
so the topic yes john um...
so i don't know if this is the best advice of the worst advice i ever got
because i don't think i could ever follow through with it
but my wife and i when we were looking for an apartment in jersey city years ago
had a real estate agent
who said look if you want to know if a neighborhood's good or bad
go to the local supermarket and smell the meat
you mean meaning to say that that that shows the
that the neighborhood if it's got a quality grocery store
you're gonna have fresh meat
which is a good neighborhood i suppose
but it's very hard for me to imagine that by smelling the meat you can tell
about the quality of schools
and what the crime rate is
You know, it just seems like the correlation's not there.
I'm with you on that, so that your friend's a little unhinged.
Yeah, that's not the best real estate agent we've ever had.
Yes.
And then are you happy where you are now, John?
In Maplewood?
Yes.
Absolutely.
It's a nice town.
And after Brooklyn, you know, we'd
have enough of the Coke and the kickball.
Yes.
You know, we were ready for a real neighborhood.
Good for you.
Good for you.
You're a big boy now, John.
exactly all grown up you have a good night you too
two oh one five three six nine three six eight is the number we're talking
about advice
good advice bad advice
advice you've given advice you've gotten two oh one
five three six nine three six eight fm you're on the air
i thought that they have a problem how are you
i'm doing okay evan first of all let me say you're listening to w f m u
east orange wx hd man hope worldwide on the world wide web
at w f m u dot o r g
We're all proud to.
Yes.
That's right.
So what do you have tonight, Evan, for tonight's time?
I have to say I'm on the edge of my seat
for the end of the fan's fiction.
Yes.
Very exciting.
What will happen?
Well, exactly.
I also have the worst piece of advice I ever gave to anybody.
OK, let's hear it.
OK, I had a friend in college who
was planning after a girl for a long period of time.
and in the midst of a snowstorm he were we were discussing her
i said
what could be more romantic then traveling to her place
in the midst of this
like mammoth snowstorm
and proclaiming your love to her
you know it could be worse than that
uh... not much
uh... right did you say what could be better
but what could be worse now well
that's making me cringe
Anyway, he did it and
He showed up and he he said I'm here and she's like go home
And I felt really really bad about it. Oh
That's embarrassing. It was it was I felt very very bad. It seemed like a good idea at the time
Wasn't he had a lot of enthusiasm? Yeah
Yeah.
Yeah.
Wasn't you doing it though?
No.
Well, I guess.
But I heard about it for a while after that.
Yeah.
You know what?
As well you should have.
Yeah.
As well you should have.
Fair enough.
Can I tell you the best piece of advice I ever got myself?
Sure.
It was actually...
It was second-hand advice.
I think it was actually Steven Spielberg talking to another director.
and the other director who probably isn't anywhere now
just ask Steven Spielberg
what should I do to be a great director
and Steven Spielberg said
don't do it
did he say don't do it
and now he is
like uh... Richard Kine
no he went
do do it
now he probably said it to the
raise his personal
Richard Kine probably looked at that crop
we're just like guys
don't do it
i just mean that for just you guys
so anyway steven spielberg said to the other director who said
how do i become a good director
and steven spielberg said where comfortable shoes and i i'm not a
director by any stretch but i've always thought
whatever i do i'm gonna wear comfortable shoes and it's
served me well
i like directors who were nice suit to the set
seriously whether you're a uh... uh...
alan hitchcock
or a uh...
or a sam raimi or a uh... jason walliner
you were a nice uh... crisp suit to the set
i was thinking about what was the coach from the denver bronco to war
he was a couple i think it's like a bill bell check and it's like uh...
it's like hoodie
yeah slobs will you think that i was watching the game the way he's dressed
yeah exactly but they're used to there were the car i can't remember if you
can't know you can't wear super huge football fan but there was a coach from
the denver bronco who would wear it you're not allowed to wear suits anymore
uh... it's not a rule of the rule
yes it is there was there was a coach who was going to wear suits a new coach
i forget who
and they would be that they would not let him work is apparently you
you have to wear that bill board of uh... of uh...
uh... track suit on the side on the sideline you can you can either wear
the team uniform or like course light zoopa yes
yes course light zoopa
thank you evan
thanks
fm you you're on the air
hey
who is this
this is that
ted where you're calling from
i'm calling from sag Harbor New York
ted from sag Harbor how are you tonight
i'm good how are you
i'm doing okay
do you have some advice
i do have some advice that is actually some bad advice
it's more sort of uh...
really it's more like a kind of golden rule advice that's bad i mean it's
something i think everybody's heard
you can't run from your problems
or you can't run from your problem
uh...
i think that
well sometimes you can't but i think there are a lot of times you can
if that makes any sense i mean i think it depends on what's happening to you
if it's
if um...
if you have
kids around and you just want to run from your kid you can't do that but
if you're being mugged or something like that you probably should run from it
well now that you know you're misinterpreting that
well no i am i am not misinterpreting it i think people
misinterpret it when they say
you can't run from your problems the context which i'm bringing up and i
think one time i was leaving the country
and then it's going to have a lot of phone
don't come back
if i mean you're on the air
a time this is mike from our
mike from mawah how are you tonight i'm all right i don't like this call
i could just tell that one's not going well
what's that
he did
mike from my walk all back
he just had that little edge of
he had that little a little he felt like a little you know i was a little devil
he had a little bit of devil in him
he was like
hey tom
has a go like like you could say i can hear his smile
like he couldn't wait to drop the bomb
201
5369368
got to talk about run from your problems
of course a mugger
a mugger is uh... a problem
new you should run from a mugger
first of all
you don't run from a mugger you fight a mugger
at least i do
i'm gonna if that's you know what
i'm not saying everybody should fight a mugger
but I, I do.
Anyone gives me products after that guy
in the parking garage who asked me for $5
and I couldn't have handed it to him faster.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir, here's the $5, sir.
So there goes my courageous stand against,
got in mug me.
I also had some guy get me outside of,
what is that club, Don Pedro's?
Some guy got me. Say he was in a gang. I handed ten bucks over to him.
The brother. FMU you're on the air. Hey, Tom, it's Mike again.
Mike, there's something about you I don't trust. Sorry, I get nervous when I call you, so my voice sounds a little strange.
But I have some bad advice that I gave and some good advice that I heard.
Let's hear it. The bad advice I gave was I had this buddy of mine that had a crush on a girl.
It's another crush story, but I had this big bear suit that a friend has left me with the big paper mache bear head
And I thought it would be cute. Hold on. Let's stop for once. Are you if you're up to something?
I'm not up to know. I'm gonna say we can both walk away from this. I will not make fun of you for the rest of the show
I promise. Okay. Yeah, we will break right now, and we will make like this is called never happen
But if you are up to something
I'm gonna keep it going are you you're being fired square with me yes I'm being
square Tom all right go ahead so you all have a bear suit I have a bear suit it's
like a real big bear suit where where did you get this bear suit a friend of
mine just lent it to me like for for Halloween I just had it I don't know like
this go on around so I thought it would be cool if he dressed up in the bear
and then went knocked on her door because it was kind of cute looking like I had
the big head and everything like something you'd rent from a costume
shop. One more time I'm gonna say it I don't like where this is going I feel
like you're up to something. I promised. How are you up to something? I'm not up
to anything. What's a zip code of Mahwa? 07430. That is that is correct go
and I go go ahead. So he went and he knocked on the on the girl's door and
He was waving in the front door window and her sister came out because he must have thought
that he was like some kind of creep or something, and started beating up my friend in the
bear suit down the stairs.
Yeah, I don't believe this story.
I don't believe it, because weaving a fantasy, that's what this guy, writing a little
short story on the radio tonight I don't like that I don't need to hear your
trifles your bag of towels don't bring them in here put that take that to your
creative writing teacher guys shows up in a bare suit FM you you're on the air
Oh, hi. This is Jimmy from Louisville. Hey Jimmy, how are you? Good. Worst advice is
when you told PD that he should sell out and push carts. That he should what? Push carts.
I told him he should. Yeah, you said he should go out and push carts in Costco or wherever
he's working at
but i don't know where he works
but we'll have to give the if the kid has a job pushing carts
he should do his job
how's that bad advice
but he could work for like a farming commune
if you shouldn't
you're supposed to be striking for the writers and striking against the man
and you told him to
i didn't get him the job you dope
he got the job himself
uh... i don't know
you don't know yeah I went you're right I went to PD and I sat down we went
logged on the credit around the computer we're going through a monster.com
together and what type of job should I went can't we grab kid I get kind of
me well obviously you should get a job that will be completely soul crushing
let's look here hmm here's a job where you gather a shopping carts I didn't
Recommend that first of all PD's a young guy. Those are the kind of jobs you get guy wants him working on some commune
FM you you're on the air
Hey
This is Brian. Hey Brian. Where you calling from?
Columbus, Ohio. How are you tonight in Columbus, Ohio? Very well
Wait, is this the Brian? I
uh... i guess so
is this is this the brian is this uh... m-o-s
it is
brian i'm glad you called
because i
had one more award to present from last week's best show best awards
executive producer
of the award show
master of sparks
well thank you you get
the good fellow award
that that's nice of you
You did it. Thank you so much. You went so far above and beyond. You and a bunch of
people did to make last week's show so much fun. But you put all these sound clips together
and sent them to me as separate files. And I appreciate that.
You're very welcome. And I did receive help from like Dorvid and Josh and crime stick
from the board. So they deserve to share the award.
Exactly. Well, no, you're thanking them. You got the award. Oh, okay
But you can thank them from the podium. Okay
But seriously, I do thank Dorvid and
Josh down in Florida and crime stick all the way in Sweden and Omar
Yeah, Omar helped help me find stuff. I didn't know where it was
Good guy. Oh my everything. Oh ma
How'd you like Omah's call last week?
That was pretty good.
I didn't realize that was his first call.
I just figured he had called before and I didn't know about it.
That was his first call, yes.
Guys, wouldn't it be weird if he won Rookie of the Year for 2008?
When he's already in the Hall of Fame.
Exactly.
It would be like when Michael Jordan went and played baseball.
Right?
Except if he was good.
That's what it would be like with Omah.
Yeah.
So Brian, do you have something for the topic?
I have a good piece of advice that I received from one of my parents.
I can't remember which, and it's because I'm kind of a compulsive warrior, especially
when it comes to money issues.
We all have times in our life when something breaks unexpectedly, a car or something in
the house or whatever, and you don't have the money to pay for it, and I used to make
myself sick worrying when those kinds of things would happen and one of my
parents just said to me you know look don't worry about it it's just money you
know no one died you know you're you'll be able to get past this you'll be able
to pay it back and everything will be fine and I discovered they're right
you know what you're absolutely right money's important it's not the most
important thing though no better to be healthy and you know because something
goes wrong with your health you can't buy that back exactly look at Jim
Henson you don't think Jim Henson could have written a check for anything yeah
poor guy right exactly treasure treasure it yeah oh I bet that piece of advice
has helped me because it helped you so now
to deal with it to do you have applied that advice advice by what you apply for
credit cards that you have no intention of ever paying back
right yeah i don't know like past bad checks yeah exactly it's just money
just tell the judge that
it's just me my my camera which parent
is either my mother or my father said
it's more important things in life
i find you get the intense into the sixteen months in prison
is the twenty-fifth time you've been in my courtroom
i think of the eight-part that he is back
uh...
that money
oh brian a.k.a. master of sparks
thank you so much for the help last week absolutely thank you for
making a
really good oracle no you're sweet to say that you have a great night
you
fm you you're on the air
they have to go and come
all it's going on right who's this
uh... well i think i would change my name for the sake of a not anonymity
but i'll just say my name is mike amount we're talking right now all right
uh... i got a little best advice worst advice i guess for me it'd be more of a
worst advice story
okay and who was it the person that got used to start smoking
that wish
uh... that's part of the causes
the worst of i try the cause of my smoking
Anyway, the year is about, let's say,
98 right at the start of the dot-com boom.
I was doing some work for a little company called Netscape.
And I made a little bit of money.
I was a big Apple fan.
I know you've talked about your MacBook earlier,
so I'm not mistaken.
Yes.
Well, at the time, I'm a big Apple fan.
I was at the time and I invested a good amount of my money
into the company and their stock at this time, like 98, 99.
And one of my co-workers tells me, you know,
Apple's thinking they're going to be sold to the sun.
It's your stock now and just take whatever you can.
And like an idiot, I believed him.
Sure enough, Netscape went on Thursday,
became whatever conglomeration they are today owned by AOL.
I'm out of a job, my stock is done,
my friend who gave me the advice,
never sold his Apple stock, he's a millionaire
and I'm working at the Doc at UPS in Hoboken now.
Where are you working?
The Doc's at the UPS in Hoboken over by the light rail.
there is a lot of boxes on to uh... what to call the u.p.s. trucks
you know what though
you get it back
and i'm out millions i could have been a millionaire man could have what
it should have what do you do that happened already
splash of cold water on your face how old are you
twenty seven twenty seven what are you crying about you got a long life ahead
of you i could have had millions man now i have nothing you want to know it
the way you talk and with the attitude you've got trust me
you're better off that you're back where you are
because you know you should take that money from you at the park
i don't like that
was that the guy in the parking garage
that was not the guy in the craig for craigslist
yeah that's right i was i was trying to sell books
i had the books it has not happened yet
I've been trying to, I sold a few DVDs as I recounted last week the exciting tale of
my parking lot meeting with a good looking white dude as he described himself.
Let's just say a DVD deal went through the book equivalent, the pile of books I'm looking
to sell not so not going so swimmingly I I have had two people one guy was
scaring me guys like won't just meet I got to see the books like we just gave
me an idea how much you want to pay for the books I don't know until I see the
books I got to see the books before I can tell you how much I could pay I'm
I'm giving you a list of the books. You can base a ballpark figure off that.
Okay, but I want to see the books first before I give you a figure.
Well, then you're not seeing the books because I'm not going here because I'm going to meet you
and you're going to go, I'll give you two cents. You'll do one of those moves where it's like,
I'll tell you what these books are worth. It's in this envelope. You'll hand me an envelope with
They didn't know to say you're dead in it
Say you're a little say your life
These are what those books are worth
great
Yeah
Got lost all his money. You know what? I'm sorry you lost everything
But I think I sounded like a like he was right running a little too hot. He needed a little
He needed to turf out once in life. You'll get it back. You'll get it back. I could have run
a million
i could have been a millionaire
fm you you're on the air
hey tom it's jesse
jesse
yes indeed award-winning color all that though it's jesse thorn host of
the sound of young america
you've got it on sale which is on uh... public radio international
yeah public radio international stations around the country
well like six public radio international stations around the country
six-station that's still pretty impressive
thanks tom
hey about your advice topic yes
you know when i first started
uh... dating when i was you know however old that is fourteen years old
or something like that mhm
uh... michelle and that you've shown up to me
you're showing off a little bit
fourteen or not
that's not a show-off
that's a
that's a little followed that's a little date
people have boyfriends and girlfriends in middle school don't they
let's move forward
i think it was i think you're uh...
i think you're pea cocking a little bit
that was in my intent
let's go
so my dad sent me down to have a conversation i thought he was going to tell
me you know like
always use a condom or something like that
uh... but what he told me was is that uh...
all girls like it when your romantic even if they tell you that they don't like
it when you're romantic
And it is in my experience been true,
and it's really worked out for me.
I mean, I haven't had a lot of girlfriends in my life.
I mean, the one that I went now is the one that I, you know,
we started going out when I was like 17.
But it worked on her and has worked ever since.
I had great advice.
So you try to be romantic?
Yeah, I mean, I give him my best shot.
I, you know, it doesn't have to be like crazy romantic,
like flower petals on the floor and, you know,
candle-flit and that kind of thing,
but just going out of your way once in a while.
Or doing something, you know, silly,
that's kind of a together thing.
I mean, I think one of the first dates I ever took my,
now, Piancé on when we were in high school was ice skating.
Mm-hmm
Just romantic thing to do you know you want to know what I'm gonna say what's that Tom?
Top-notch advice. I thought so too. Thanks dad
Your dad came through on that one
Yeah, exactly. Of course. It didn't keep him and my mom together
I think they divorced when I was like two and a half. Well, maybe he learned that though. Maybe that's maybe that's the mistake
He made he just broke the cycle. I hope so
maybe there was a lack of romance in the thorn lineage my experience with my mom
and dad suggested maybe there were other problems going on too but maybe that
was one of the core problems and I just didn't realize I'm gonna say it's a
lack of romance look I've never met your parents I think I have a pretty good
handle on this situation though okay well you're the expert Tom your advice best
advice of the show so far
you would think
i'd tip my hat to you
well i intern i'd hit my hat to my dad
there you go
pay it forward or that's paying it backwards
that's paying it somewhere i don't know
oh jesse what are we going to do with you
maximum fun dot org
fm you you're on the air
hey this is a brian in chicago
brian in chicago
yes have we spoken before
no this is this is my first time calling and i'm a little nervous in fact
a little nervous
i did i haven't called a radio show since uh... it was about thirteen years old
what radio show is that uh... larry lou jack
but i don't know who that is i'm not going to pretend to get that reference
but um...
no it was um... it was uh... q one on one the uh... the local alternative station
in chicago
uh... there was a sky there's a key day on in um... like the afternoon like
after school
uh... hours you like this really kind of like
you know gruff uh... alternative rock station deejay i think his name was
his uh... is on our name was i believe
sludge or something like that the deejay sludge
uh...
and uh...
uh... he he often talked about uh...
professional wrestling
uh... on the air and i was a fan of that at the time so uh...
i called in to show to talk about that uh... no you were you talking about uh...
uh... macho man randy savage
no this was uh... this was after randy savages day this was about um...
this was in the era of like the late nineties like stone cold steve austin
wwf
who's your favorite wrestler of all time
my favorite rest of all time uh... like as of now or as of like when i was a
kid
okay well um...
let's see
um...
wow you know that's not what i was like expecting to talk about but okay let me
think um... i was a big fan of i grew up on unlike on
Like I said on the stone called Steve Austin and the rock and the big money guys in the WWF
Knows years. Um my favorite wrestler kind of think of
No, I know you like this going ferna. Yes, actually. He was awesome
No, he wasn't but but he would be a good choice
That's what I wanted to name my dog. I wanted to name dog
Runner up
I was voted down hard on that even the dog was like this going for now. I don't think so
So were you a wrestling fan at some point Tom or not? Really? No, I just saw that guy disco Inferno
I was like that is the dumbest name for a wrestler
Therefore, it might be a pretty good name for my dog and the dog was like I'll go back to the pound
You're gonna call me disco Inferno
Well, he was in WCW, which was the sort of sillier and and tamer
organization in those years. They did this sort of silly kid stuff, like just going for
no while the WWF was having naked women and people killing each other with jumping off
cages and stuff. But I don't know, my favorite wrestler would probably be, I don't know,
I guess Rick Flair is always a safe choice.
You know, they say Rick Flair could have
had a great match with a brew stick,
so I'll have to go with that.
You all know what your answer to that should be?
What what?
It should be my favorite wrestler back then was who?
Who's your favorite wrestler back then again?
Say it again.
Back then?
Or would you like to go with Rick Flair,
so I'll just say that as Rick Flair.
I thought you said it was Stone Cold Steve Austin.
Oh, he was the idol when I was growing up.
literally my favorite but but you know your favorite should be now
no one
you're an adult
i don't i don't still watch it i have what do you have a you also uh...
favorite uh... paraban de ruse
uh... no i i never
uh... actually you know what i think i'd you know i i do actually
i have a lot of thought about that but we're going to move forward
let's do the top i'm sorry
well what do you have for the topic young man
uh... uh... well i have a piece of advice uh... that i uh... received from
my sister
uh... well i was about to go off the college
and uh... she was she felt like imparting some some sisterly advice on me uh...
so she gave me an advice concerning uh... towels
she said towels only touch you when you're perfectly clean
so why wash them
you know what i have never washed a towel
Now that's the worst advice?
No, I think that's some good advice, it's baby time.
Yeah, you know what else is good advice?
Not rubbing mold all over your face.
Oh, well, I put it in, okay,
but time you get right out of the shower, you're clean.
Yeah, uh-huh.
You towel off.
Yeah.
So the towel doesn't get dirty
because it only cuts your clean skin.
Yeah, yeah, and it sits there with the water trapped in it.
And there's all kinds of temperature changes.
next thing you know you're you might as well be uh... rubbing your face on
a uh... on a
uh... turn it up for
uh...
and maybe maybe maybe you're right maybe i should reconsider never wash a towel
that's weird advice that's not even good advice or bad advice
that's what i mean
and i i appreciate it but you know what you
i'm gonna i'm gonna take what you're saying under consideration yet you know
what so why i want to uh... address that i had a call from that you keep talking
That's where you keep talking. I'm sorry. Did I over to my pounds? I just want to say wash a towel
Okay, I wash the next time I do laundry for you Tom for you. I will include for you
Don't do it for me. Do it for you. Oh, do it for whatever skin disease you're gonna get
If I if I get a skin disease, I will be sure to share it with you and so everyone will know how wise you were
Don't share your diseases with me young man
I don't want you rubbing your moldy towels all over me. Get off my phone. Is that the worst advice you've ever heard, Mike?
Weird, exactly. It's just weird advice.
Hello?
Yeah, it's sick.
FMU, you're on the air.
Yeah, hi.
Hi, who's this?
Is Catherine.
Catherine, where are you calling from?
New York. You wash your towels, don't you, Catherine?
Uh, yeah, yeah, I do, but you're not really supposed to use other people's towels, I heard.
Yeah, you're not supposed to use other people's towels, but you wash your own towels, don't you?
Yeah, I can wash. You guys never washed a towel in his life.
Yeah, I washed my towel. Anyway, I'm on like a time delay, aren't I?
a little bit.
Anyway, yeah, I was actually, I was kind of into the towel thing, but I was really the
guy who called me for that.
Okay, which guy was that?
He said his father gave him some advice about romance or something.
Yes.
And the advice that I was thinking of was advice that my father gave me, which was kind of
like the opposite of what his father gave him.
And it was, I don't know if it was actually dating advice or just something he used to
say.
He would say, get them by the marvel and their hearts and minds will follow.
You know what I'm saying, right?
Yeah, I do.
Who's your dad?
Al Goldstein?
I don't even know who Al Goldstein is.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, he's some kind of like a pornographer or something, right?
Yes, exactly.
I mean, you know, he was definitely, he wasn't a fate or anything, but I don't know, he wasn't
telling me to be a naughty girl or anything. I think he was just, that's what his saying was.
I don't know if that's good advice or bad advice. I think it's kind of good advice,
because, well, if you could figure out what it even means, then maybe-
You know what, I'm going nowhere near, I'm going nowhere near this advice.
Thank you Catherine. I appreciate your call. It's like a look into people's
worlds. Some sick advice. Never wash a towel. I said I never washed any of my
towels ever. It's gross. I know. I don't know what to do in here either. I knew
you'd have this problem I was like what's he gonna do spacing can you you want to
move my bag 201 five three six nine three six eight I know it's rough it's a
rough day for Tom the rough day for Tom the weather's not helping it's nasty
out there it's very nasty 201 5 3 6 9 3 6 8 you know what I say we get today we
do the story I'm gonna read the second half the conclusion of where Turkey's
dare the fan fiction written by John from Maplewood in the first half of the
story there was a an exciting raid and the Bob Sag it was broken out of the
heat pit
by a daring helicopter uh...
had lowered a uh...
the uh... uh... ladder down
we have more calls
fm you're on the air
hey uh... this is carlo from chat in new jersey
seven nine two eight
yes that's right
uh... what do you have carlo
i got some pretty bad advice i know if it is bad as the towels but uh...
but second bet second worst
what's here
uh... well this is junior high let me say that first off
you know like early middle school okay i got some really bad advice from the
uh... maxim magazine
said uh... it never hurts
essentially is that it never hurts
to ask a girl
who uh... helped with her
her uh... sundown motion
your sunblock to help up on the sunblock
yeah okay and
yeah and of course one of the girls i asked happen to be uh... my friend
sister
yeah and you got humiliated
what are you doing taking advice from maximum magazine
well i was like i was like fourteen or thirteen i don't know
something like trying to do all that you want to know what fair enough
that's horrible though
i feel sorry for a young uh...
i feel sorry for a young carlo
paying
to himself uh...
uh... you know what this is good advice and also seeing young lady
and then saying uh...
would you like me to help you apply that uh... sunblock
and uh... what would she just like no
that she asked uh... aren't you my uh... brother's friend
yeah and uh... the rest of two friends with her
and then you were like the book i don't think i've read a max magazine after
that
good for you
yeah i don't think anyone really reads that after
fifteen anyways
that's really the target audience no understand who else buys those things
i don't know either
you buys them
that guy uh...
day the former call screener
Oh, yeah, he's a huge Maxim magazine. He was still like stuff more than Maxim
I remember he's more he actually had a list of them where he was like stuff is best
Then Maxim then FHM and he like went here. It went all the way down. He knew all of them
Mike's laughing Michael loves when I make fun of other
call screeners
Thank you, buddy
Mike and Manhattan fancy Mike fancy Mike I actually heard you name job Al Goldstein
I had a I got a story for you I came running over the phone you have an Al Goldstein story
I I do I do and it involves some advice that my father gave me I put the two together
and I never looked back so actually it was maybe a few years ago I was working for this
company that was making t.v. shows about video games and they I guess we finished
the season we had some downtime for some work what what what what channel is
the show on if you don't mind it was on it was on a seldom watched channel called
Magrach like a video on demand channel that you could only get with like cable
vision or Comcast because I gotta say I have I have a cable now a fancy
schmancy uh... package i guess where i get all the uh...
high-def channels
don't know one of them
is a channel
showcases
basically from what i can uh... ascertain people playing video games
not very excited
like you go past it and it's literally
you're just sitting there watching
some guy play a video game
like on the screen
and the first time i saw it i was like this is
the dumbest channel i've ever seen
and it this is the most boring thing i've ever seen on t.v.
who would ever watch this
right
fast forward a week
i think i'm kind of a fan of this channel
because it's so insane
watching some guy play like
some game where he's talking is like
like the like blowing up uh... battleships and stuff and like you can't go in
there
and like
and i'm watching
nothing's worth it if that was happening live and i was if my friend was
like
watch me play this video game which i've been in that situation before
that is the most boring thing ever
there's usually the person is completely
what we've got to watch
yeah watch this i remember one time i went over somebody's house and they were
like they were like watch I got a Grand Theft Auto the new one I got the new
Grand Theft Auto like watch this and it's so boring watch this I'm gonna steal
the car now I'm gonna run around now watch I'm gonna beat this cop up and it's
like after like three minutes it was like all right I get it there you go yeah
and then he's like no watch sure watch this what what am I in Best Buy
watching some kid play a video game oh my my friends house I don't need to
watch uh... you play it
how about we talk like friends talk
uh... you know i do remember the hope you know like a roller rink and
watching some kid beat the teenage new ninja turtles video game
that was like
probably one of the best days of my uh... my adolescence was just watching
these kids throw in quarters and be in the actual arcade game
but uh...
you know and then the symptoms came to send to the arcade game a united
case of america that was that was fun watching but i can't watch i can't watch
people play the game. What is that like King of Kong? We got a potential kill screen coming
up here. Just everybody know we got a potential kill screen coming up here. Steve Webby's about
to potential kill screen. If anybody wants to check it out. Yeah that's our greatest athletes
now. And I will say about Donkey Kong first of all. Yeah. I went to the arcade and there was a
Donkey Kong machine I played it if I if I practiced on this thing for five good
days I'd said I'd know I'd be top 10 on the planet
look at one of the only people that are playing it you got you don't have much
competition now I'd be there with that weird ref from that uh King of Kong did
you see that movie no no you gotta see it I know about it though I know about it
from from working working in the bid
playing a thing i'm racking up some score
i felt like uh... steve we'll be
so what's the advice you've got i actually you know very quickly i i
very quick side note uh... possible actually gave me some advice i saw him
and invite them up maybe a couple years ago when i was
I was really working hard for this company and I pitched him a show idea.
I just wanted to know what he thought about it and he listened to me out.
He was a really nice guy about it and I think the best advice that I got that year was from
him and he just said, you know what, don't do it.
He's like, I tried doing a show just like that and it just wasn't very funny.
I'm a funny guy and the show wasn't very funny and if he says no, then I, you know,
What am I going to do?
I gave it up and spent my time doing something a little more productive, I think.
It's a good guy.
Panos, well it's a good guy.
Yeah.
Well, yeah, I got an out gold scheme for you.
An out gold scheme gem for you.
All right.
Let's hear it.
Which is basically, when I was working for, you know, doing these shows about video games,
we had a lot of downtime.
And, you know, in between the decks, it's really, you know, looking for work, you know, freelance.
They just trying to take whatever I can get.
Yeah.
I had a friend, a college friend of mine, who has since become quite popular in pornography.
She's become like a porn maven.
She asked me, she said, you know, if you're looking for some work, you could manage this
website that these guys are doing.
And it was such a ridiculous story how these guys actually got out of this.
Yeah.
Yeah.
They were, yeah, they just offered them like five bucks.
They were like, you know, you just got to go to his house.
He lives in like some really, really crappy apartment in Staten Island that Penn from
Penn and Teller is like, just letting him, you know, crash out of.
So, you know, what I have to do is you just got to manage this website.
It's just him going on and on about how the internet like ruined him and you just got
to teach him how to use the computer and then teach him how to upload, you know, his
writings and ramblings to the web.
I was doing this for a while and it was really good money and I'd go to his place in Staten
Island and then he had this like 21 year old stripper Trinidadian girlfriend who got
him to move out by like JFK airport and I was still doing it and it was good money
but he was absolutely out of his mind.
I didn't like, I didn't know what to, you know, like I would go there and I would just
call people up and I'd be like, listen, you got to talk to this guy because this is what
was like to talk to crazy and I'd have them call like my brother and my cousin and my
friend and it was crazy so I go over there one day and he's got an unloaded handgun
out on his death and he's lying in bed and I say hey I gotta help you like I gotta teach
you how to you know get online do this stuff and he's just like I ain't gonna do it you
know I'm too old I'm too old for this kind of stuff and you know like you know look
me, you know, I'm on lithium. I got to sleep. I'm like, you know, you do it. So I'm getting this computer off set up
You just move there and I'm playing with this unloaded gun this handgun. And I'm like, what is this boogie nights?
Yeah, there's some fire works all around the room firecrackers. I
Wish I wish I wish you know, we would have had
What is it? Was he playing Jesse's girl?
Yeah, that's when you know, you know when you're in trouble
when ninety-nine loaf balloons comes on
that's when you got a watch out
i wish man
where's a safe where's a safe
doing the the the the turns of the gunio we like spin it on one finger and i'm
doing the thing with the chamber where i'm i'm you know clicking it back in and
it's like really cool
and you know gold seems just like complaining
uh... in the other room and you know he's not wearing a shirt and he's all
disgusting and shevelled and he's truly like he's on so much with him that he
that he actually just ruled on the
he's allegedly i i don't know the guys uh...
medically
you know what get off my phone
i like this guy throwing al goldstein under the bus
not my favorite guy by any stretch
this guy i have no idea if that guy even knows al goldstein for shame
fm you you're on the air
a good evening time this is john from a story
i'm calling with some good advice all that's here
it's a situation specific from hoping we can expand it
for a general audience
a few years ago i was working i was camping for a popular circus
and normally it was a low-impact job where i was just escorting people to
seats but
on this day
a few of us were given hard hats
and asked to be sort of construction guys.
And a couple of us were standing on top of like a container,
a storage container.
That's about 12 or so feet off the ground.
And there was another guy in a crane
adjusting heavy equipment, holes, and such, heavy circus
equipment to this platform where we were standing.
And a couple of my young cohorts were staying on either side,
and I was on a third side.
And I thought I got my heart hat.
I thought imbued me with maybe special laboring powers,
because I'm usually a pencil pusher sort of guy.
And one guy who was a little bit older than the rest
He was sitting off to the side on ground level and he kind of looked up at us and as we were
stacking things in sort of a life-size Jenga game and stacking them kind of precariously
even though we were being overseen by a supposedly competent person on the circus.
The older guy looked up at us and he gave me four words of advice, which which was I wouldn't stand there
He was directing us towards me. Mm-hmm. And at first I thought nog. I'm gonna stand where I want this guy
He's not any superior level. He's not a manager. I'm gonna
Keep doing what I'm doing looking good in my heart hat. You're gonna get fell didn't you? Well, no. Thank goodness. I
thirty seconds after he delivered the device decided you know what
maybe you know something i don't
and i've still a little off to the side of those where i've been standing
and within a minute
the whole
thing
toppled over
to a very loud clatter and knocked over a porta johnny on
ground level
and it was right where i was standing now who would have ever thought that a
circus would be uh... immoral
who could have ever thought a circus would treat uh...
treat uh...
anybody horribly
where would they get that into their uh...
into their m.o.
i know and i had two legs i thought they
they only treated four legs
badly but apparently
circus is sick
i was fodder
for the circus as well i hope these people who run circus is end up in some
weird planet of the ape situation we're there the circus animals right well
FM you you're on the air you tell me I love your topic guys telling the story in
real time yeah what's your name I don't like that voice sounds a little fake to
Yeah, hi, I'd like to know how to tell a story.
So anyway, let's tell the tale of where Turkey's there, the conclusion of the fan fiction.
Bob Saggot has now climbed up the ladder and is boarding the helicopter that has broken
him out of the hate pit.
Bob was exhausted when he entered the helicopter.
He grasped for breath and pulled himself from the carpeted floor to the luxurious leather
seats.
He was now too tired and confused to be scared.
He looked around, panting, trying to figure out the nature of his circumstance.
A wet bar to his left.
A muted MSNBC broadcast on a small monitor to his left.
His got all the stuff to his left.
Ben gets, and Joe Gilberto's version of the girl from Epanema, playing in complete surround
sound perfectly audible in the soundproof cabin.
Welcome aboard, Mr. Saggot.
The voice took him by surprise.
A young woman entered from behind a curtain, pushing a cart.
Her slight build carried the burden of enormous blue eyes and black cascading hair.
May I interest you in some broiled duck, served with mango chutney, and a freshly baked pop
Pop over?
Bob didn't answer.
He simply dropped his face into the plate and began to move his jaw.
The taste of real food was overpowering.
What he had eaten in the hate pit had not been food.
It had been an endless supply of aptly named number two meals from McDonald's.
Welcome aboard Bob.
The voice came over an intercom loud, friendly, male.
Let me just say that I am thrilled to finally meet you.
Who are you?
What the bleep do you want?
Easy, Bob.
I just saved your life.
You're free.
You've risen from the hate pit, like a phoenix from the ashes.
This was said in a half chuckle that did not please Bob in the least.
Listen you son of a...okay, I'm gonna just...
You tell me who you are right now.
I'm an important man.
People will be looking for me.
One call for me and you're in deep trouble.
Then let's just say my name's Hesh or James.
Take your pick, but that's all kind of irrelevant.
You see, Bob, I'm your biggest fan
and I'm just here to save you.
Bob paused for about three seconds.
Really?
Really?
I've been watching you since way back
when you were just a potty-mouthed comic.
Then I continued to watch an amazement
as you repurposed yourself for the majesty
that was full house.
But you didn't stop there.
The scripting of sitcom television
was holding you back and the ad-libbing
was always calling you.
Enter America's funniest home videos.
You kept us laughing through those slim Reagan years
with endless clips of good, honest people
breaking their clavicles.
but alas dogs okay blah blah blah blah may something I'm gonna paraphrase this guy
I had a real who wrote this thing what is this Henry Miller wrote this this
filth here well but alas something may keep people enthralled for years but not
you. Time for Bob Sagg at 4.0. Penguin's passing gas. What?
Now you were a director, an auteur, a stage actor. There was no stopping you. So back
you came. Being a toilet mouth comic. My hat's off to you sir, for all those reasons.
I spent my entire life savings to purchase this helicopter and plan a daring rescue
from the dreaded hate pit. This last sentence had ended in a dramatic crescendo, with the
final two words pronounced with their own respective exclamation points, something like
this, from the dreaded hate pit.
Unable to speak, Bob began to clap, slowly at first, then fast and fervently.
The female attendant clapped along and smiled politely.
that was amazing Bob said it was like you've always known me
and you understand me thank you thank you I'm back
Bob got up out of the scene again dancing around the cabin
whoa Bob Parkier carcass
this ride can get pretty bumpy and that's no storm sure kicked up a lot of wind
so sit back and enjoy the ride I'm taking you to New York City ASAP
where you can call a car service and make your way back to wherever you need to
to go. But first, yeah, I just need to make a quick stop over in Maplewood, New Jersey.
What's in Maplewood, New Jersey? Gas. Need gas for the chopper.
Oh, for crying out loud, fine. But make it snappy. Comedy is waiting for me.
Understood, sir. The chopper made a hard turn to the right and began to descend. Bob looked
out Bob looked out the window and tried to make out where he was in relation to the city.
But to him the suburbs were just the pathetic old suburbs and so it really didn't matter.
Soon enough he would be pitching his masterpiece stable condition to the big shots in New
York City.
Bob felt his body jerk and his attention came back to his surroundings.
They had landed.
After a moment the door slid open, the sound was deafening.
In front of him stood the mystery pilot, a friendly enough looking bald man, probably
in his late thirties.
Poor thing Bob thought.
This guy's never going to see the fame that I have.
Never.
"'Why are you opening the door?'
Bob screamed over the whirring blades.
"'What?
"'Why are you opening the door?'
"'Can't hear you.
You better follow me to where it's quieter.'
Bob was cold and annoyed.
The wind from the propellers only added to the frigid temperatures.
You could see his breath again just as if he were back in the hate pit.
The thought was too painful to consider.
If this guy Hesh was such a fan, then shouldn't he be trying a little harder to pamper his
biggest hero?
What infernal cheek?
Reluctantly Bob followed this fellow behind the house.
The sound of the helicopter blades died as it shut down for refueling.
typo. Come on. So James, can we wait inside? I'm freezing my bleep off. There's like a
match game. James slash Hesh said said nothing. He just smiled at Bob in the dark. The moon
was full and the two men looked blue and black in the not so darkness. The not so dark darkness.
Well, you're going to say something, Harpo? Hey Bob, look over here. On the other side of the
yard near the rope swing. You see something? Bob squinted, but he didn't need to squint
too hard. The object shone brightly in the cold moonlit night. It was white and rectangular
and probably about a half inch thick. Sure I see it. Looks like a screenplay.
It is Bob. It is. Bob was intrigued. It had been so long since he had seen one. And it's
a comedy, Bob.
me more. Really ridiculous premise. So ridiculous in fact Nick Cage even turned it down. Bob
was starting to salivate it at this point. He just wanted to thumb through it and see
what it was about. Sure, stable condition would keep him busy for a while. But what
then? He always had room for more low to zero brow comedy. And what's it about? Okay,
This guy makes more toilet jokes here, it's the author who wrote this one of the Farrelly
brothers.
Bob went from standing, so he whispers in Bob's ear, I'm going to paraphrase here because
it's shocking in his graphic toilet language.
Bob went from standing still to running in one second.
Then he went from running to falling in half a second.
The pit opened up underneath him, swallowing him along with the artificial turf cover,
a seesaw, and a snow blower.
Bob landed hard about thirty feet down with the snow blower just missing his head.
He was covered in snow, dirt, and unreaked autumn leaves.
He got up slowly, breathing heavily.
He tried to speak, but no words would come.
It was then that he saw the eyes.
Several pairs, peeping at him from the shadows behind the fire.
One of the pairs rose in advance.
It's okay, he's nice to us.
He feeds us McDonald's if we're good.
Arby's if we're bad.
Will shorts, the editor of the New York Times crossword puzzle emerged from the shadows,
holding a ragged piece of paper.
He also gives me these when I think on the others.
It's a deadly news crossword.
Maybe you can help me.
Seven letters, Samuel L. Blank.
Bob recoiled in horror.
More faces moved forward from the shadows.
Matthew Barney.
Carrotop.
David Blaine.
Avril Levine.
They spoken unison.
McDonald's if we're good.
Arby's if we're bad.
McDonald's if we're good.
Arby's if we're bad.
They approached slowly.
The voices grew louder.
McDonalds if are good, Arby's if were bad. Bob looked to the heavens, unhinged his jaw,
and let in an earth-shaking cry of defiance that would go unanswered.
The Epilogue John from Maple would look down into the pit and washed off his hands with
a moist towel let. He may have given fake names to protect himself in case the mission
went awry, but everything about the life savings was true. He had scrimped and saved ever since
the aristocats, aristocrats. If he had saved since the aristocats, he'd be saving for awhile.
John had no regrets. The man was now in his pit and all was right in the world. Ah, so you see,
he put him in his own, he stole him from my hate pit to put him in his hate pit.
An interesting story. It's a couple more paragraphs.
Then the world seemed to skip a frame. John was on the ground, his knee in searing pain.
whatever it was that was sending the feeling of radiating fire through his
leg had been powerful enough to take him off his feet. Teeth clenched, guttural
noise is hissing, he willed his eyes open. Looking over his shoulder he saw what had
brought him down, an arrow. Tom swagged around the corner and stood quietly next
to John. Dogmo began to lick John's face. Tom smiled and opened his mouth to speak.
All he said was clown time is over. He put one foot on John's leg to hold
steady and pulled the arrow out with the opposite hand. John let out a scream. The
scream had nothing to do with the arrow being removed from his kneecap and
everything to do with crushing failure. Tom took another arrow with heavy
boating line attached to it and shot it into the pit. A scream came up. Sorry about
that caratop. Bob climb on up. So I was getting Bob sagged back for my hate
pit Mike thoughts thoughts Mike liked it well that's another best show in the
can FM you're on the air you have five seconds yeah if I'm you you're on the
here you have four seconds. There we go. That ends it. Everybody stay tuned here on WFM
U.S. Orange WXHD. I hope you're watching the World Wide Web WFMU.org small change coming
up next with nickel and dime radio. Are you? Let's try it out. What do you want? Potted
up here. There's a table one. There we go.