Hey, who's this?
I am by the trail of Governor Valvin.
Hi, it's uh, Gerald Perlmutter.
Tom Sharpling, Governor of Party.
Hey, Thomas Perpitzer.
Hey, Thomas Mark Michaels.
This is Richard Cottage, Richard Carr.
What's your name?
Baron.
Baron.
And what's inside the tube?
I require.
Maurice Kurtz.
Horrifying.
Who's this?
Gingervitis.
Gingervitis.
Yes, they have rickfellowity at the wall.
I guess it would.
I hate you.
It's Peter.
Hey, it's Steinberg.
Mm-hmm.
You are creepy.
And I'm hanging upon you.
Boing.
Roger Depp.
My name is Ollie Fairnock.
I'll say it.
You'll hear it.
You'll do it.
I'll get it.
You'll learn it.
I'll live with it and you'll die without it.
Mash your trash.
There's a call for people.
Good day.
What's up, Thomas?
Tristan.
Hey, push out.
How you doing? When I get to do the toilet talk now. The vaudeville of the new century. My name is Tom Riley, I'm calling from New Zealand.
Hey, man, it's bright.
Hey, no, no, that's a tent pole. It's a tent pole show. Hey, this is Tedlia.
Whaaaat? This is Pete from the Future. Hi, Tom, it's DJ Terry Chase.
Hey, from Knoxville. Super caller. It's off the top. My name is Mike Sajak. Get off my phone, I don't care.
Hey, this is Zippy Pans, man.
I'm going to go with your bed now, by far.
Hey, Tom, it's Gordon.
Gordon, how are you?
I was in a band in the early 90s.
My name's Jerry Page.
Hey, Tom, why do you listen to Jeffrey Ludell?
It's a fat disease, wilder ragged neck, isn't it?
The disenfranchised of a home now.
I'm the hero of the disenfranchised.
Two states, nine, nine, and one, four, and one, how can a person get anything done?
It's the best show on WFFU, it's the best show on WFFU
It's the best show on W F and U
W F and U, you're on the air
Hey, Tom, it's Roy
It's Billy Boy Roy, you don't know what he's talking about
Hey, I'm on his face, I'm on his face
It's Ronnie, he had a long time no film
Oh!
Best show on W F and U
It's the best show on W F and U
It's a special one that you and then you
Be
Get off my phone!
Yes, it's number one, it's top of the pops
I've just come in at number 25
I'm so happy, so glad to be alive
Yeah, everybody says it's gonna get to the top
Life is so easy when your record's hot
One time I'm on my mind and my sister too
That's my childhood and polish my shoes
I might even end up a rock-a-roll guy
It might turn into a steady jump
Ladies and gentlemen, so I always want to soar
Now my records, now we're never gonna be B.C.
I'm not a seven in the M.A.B.
Now I'm a melody maker, want you to hear me
And ask about my body to deal with our religion
Let's do a little bit about your influences
Stand on the ground and I'll shove you
Just like before I let everything be right
I'm gonna be a shot of a life, time of a life
There's a bit on my life, yeah
I'm going to show you how to do it.
I'm going to show you how to do it.
I've been invited to a dinner with my mother, queen Now I've got friends of what I never had for
The strange love people want you when the record's high
When you drop the stab it just past your mind
And I'm an agent growing young and terrible
You said so
Your records just got to number one
And tonight won't this means
This means you can win some real money
So at last, you're free
It's the way you want it to be
At the bright day
To be callable the love of the day
Is it worth the pain to see the children cry?
Does it work when they ask for a daddy?
I believe on your own
I believe on your own
Does it make you sad?
When you think about the life you had, had, had, but you're right
You had to take a second chance
So you're fine
To find your freedom here
Now you live on your own
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Can you make it a home?
Hey, hey, hey
Can you walk in there with you?
Hey, hey, hey
Don't you know what to do?
Can you make me alone?
Can you make me alone?
Exeterique, ever making the news
Improving hell, the exeterique
Sinks the southern blue
Are you gonna be him?
Are you gonna be him?
Are you giving me love?
Are you giving me love?
Oh, it's you, the common arches that hear the church of hell
Have another cup of coffee, or say you're looking out well
I left my bag in, my mama's kitchen, I never had it so greedy
To cry in ice, for a suspicion, I look into the sea
Why are you gonna be here? Why are you gonna be here? Why are you gonna be here?
Why are you giving me love? Why are you giving me love?
Supersome, come searching, it's just you who might go through
The perfect hand, the eccentric, is since the summer of the blue
So that's the left hand, just like a child, even though I'm far away
I'm running real high, all that nostalgia, but I'll be back to the day
Yeah, we're gonna be him, yeah, we're gonna be him
If we are not just live, live, live, live, live
And so we give them some lip, and so we give them some lip, and so we give them some lip
So
So
They do that even if it doesn't work to me
real well
And hopefully America is the,"
All these pills, I've been taken
You don't need no more to hide my trail
But you die
And I don't think I'll give me
But you die
But you die
But I've been out
I've been out
Don't you try, and I don't know what to say
Honey, I hate you
I've been told any other indeed
Maybe all I need is a real sleep
Don't you die, don't you die
Don't you die, don't you die
fluctuating
hey
hey
how do you die?
how do you die?
I'm Gopal
Double your weapon, blue
Fashion, double your weapon
The passion, double your weapon, blue
The passion
Don't stand up for good
You're looking for a good queen
We're in a region for the top show
There isn't any debate
Don't wait to listen to the future
My show, double your weapon
My show, double your weapon
My show
But that's how I know you and me
But that's how I know you and me
Ooh
Ooh
Yes. Yes, it's back again. What? What's it? It is this. What is this? This is it.
The best show in WFMU, here with you for another Tuesday night, extravaganza.
My name is Tom Sharpling.
I'm the host of tonight's episode, and the phone number, as always, 201.
209. 9368. Open phone Tuesdays, yes? No! They were killed. And you know who was arrested
for the murder? You. You, the listener. You did it. If only we had Judge Spike, that could
be the first case. Do you think that segment ever happens, Mike? Judge Spike? As long as
we get it on at 814, whenever he calls. Oh, have him in the studio? Oh, well that will
never happened. He actually had the good sense to back off of that as a proposal
once already. He's not allowed to go past certain areas also.
from their awesome self-titled CD we are too tired that's on the goner record
label top shelf Kelly Stolt has a new album it's called circular sounds it's on the
sub pop label and we heard the Birmingham eccentric. Good stuff. Of course from the
the ABA box, a song we've played before, hey, hey, Helen.
Never said I would only play these things once.
Went perfectly into the preceding song.
So I played it from the album of the same name, ABA.
Hey, hey, Helen.
And starting us off the kinks from the album.
Lola versus the Powerman and the money ground, sorry.
Part one.
Still waiting for part two.
The Powerman, not the Powerman, sorry.
I just got an angry I am from a rabbit kinks fan top of the pops we were going
to play get back in line but you know what no not tonight hopefully never done
with with that malarkey I'm gonna wallow do I wallow here no the show's not about
wallowing. This show is about soaring, like an eagle. That's a song I should have played
by Abba Eagle.
201-209-9368 is the number.
You can check out all the chat action over at friendsoftom.com.
The only chat that I sanctioned.
Any of these other chats?
There's this other chat that this comedy message board has. If I was a federal
agent, I'm not going to name the site. If I was a federal agent though, I'd be
running IP addresses from that and arresting people on general principle
for that chat. Not going to name names.
Ooh, a flashing line.
Is this going to be the ideal way to start the show, Mike?
Noncommittal for Mike.
Some point that comes back to the associate producer.
He gets put under the microscope.
F.M.U.
You're on the air.
Hi, Tom.
This is Charlie and Ireland.
in Ireland, really. Yeah, I really, that's why I call before the topic goes out because
if I wait until the topic comes on, I think it'll be like three in the morning. Yeah,
yeah, you'll be asleep. I wanted to get Tom on Rudolph Giuliani. Hmm. Well, as you know,
the Florida primaries are tonight today. Right. You don't know that actually. Well,
I'm glad to tell me that. We have a state called Florida here in the
remember something about it in the united states called florida
and warmer weather place
a lot of weirdos live down there
a lot of rich people too
i didn't know so many rich people live there until the show started
old folks
a lot of old folks a lot of weirdos a lot of rich people
some good people there too though
yes uh... fred dirst
and fred dirst
so anyway
they we we have a thing here we have a of the leader of our country as a
president
i'm from bluefield new jersey but what
i'm i'm i'm in ireland right now but i'm
from like so anyway
this president leads
for what is it for six years mike
for okay
for
and we are coming up on an election now
where
uh... there are the two political parties
here
and uh... this guy uh...
the wigs
the wigs and the uh...
torries
so anyway uh... the root of juliani is running
and he
has been uh... bombing hard
you have a he has a miss it the charts on fire
flop
scott flop i remember
uh... because i was in in light of this presidential hoopla where he's
getting the spotlight again
you remember in nineteen ninety-eight
when there was a bit of a controversy about who actually owned l-a-pile in
new yorker new jersey
you remember Rudy said
he said
now what i want my grandparents are coming to america from italy
they didn't think they were coming to new jersey
and he said he laid it he laid it on like
and they thought they're coming to america
you dope
you think that he had new york but of course he did
he said new jersey like it was a pejorative and there's always kind of
a cause from the guys who are you know keep new york you know why
new jersey wins every time it's new york versus new jersey new jersey wins we
won in the sopranos we won in clover field
we've got the uh...
well was that that was that thing wrecking uh...
nor
or jersey city hope i could know
now we were sending the jets out to attack that thing
that was us were the good guys in this one
so that things record new york
we beat the sopranos that was a outright victory
right now the uh... the the the giants where do they play
any jersey
yeah how how many times have the have the uh... giants been in the uh...
the polo grounds zero zilch
the way a tittle why a tittle played
yeah and i know jimmy
but but i mean and if you look at uh...
a map of uh... you know that you know that you know you shut up for a second
i don't need to justify anything with this
i'm not saying new york's an awful place new york is awesome
i think the york is fantastic
but you want to know what
don't throw new jersey under the bus
you know these people who do you see what exit are you from
yet you know what are you live in new york what state are you actually from
got an argument one time with the guy
that's talking to me and he's making fun of new jersey
like you're not from new york originally know you know it's from Delaware
that was literally that happens on transplant
they're all store for us yeah that's the point i was just making
what other than a geographical delay you've got a uh... topic delay there
That's all right. And what's your name again, Charlie?
Charlie, I've called a few times before. Yes. I used to live in Seattle.
So this guy Rudolph Giuliani is about to flame out.
He is running one of the worst campaigns in history
where he decided to ignore most states.
It's a great move. Great move. Ignore most states.
Well, he's putting all those eggs in the basket for Florida, right? And he's flopping there
disaster there
If you had to pick only if it was only Rudy versus Fred Thompson, who would you go for?
Who would I well I am voting for Fred Thompson?
So it would be Fred Thompson
Okay, yes, hopefully he switches parties and does like some sort of like the showbiz party
wouldn't that be cool if there was a show of his party Fred Thompson and Ron
Silver run on the same ticket or get that guy Fred Grandi he was Isaac on the
love boat remember that guy get him back I honestly say no but okay you don't
remember the love boat I never watch it hmm not sorry what we're gonna be a
busy watching uh... p b s
we're watching opera
shows of the caliber was before my time
like what like what like name a show that you think is of the caliber of love
boat
family matters
no family matters with work in love boat i guess
i don't know
keep going
I don't know anything else to say. I think I have to bow out honorably.
So what took you to Ireland again, young man?
I'm studying here for a year.
I don't want to talk about college and stuff, but that's why I'm here.
Are you not doing well in your studies?
No, I'm doing well.
I didn't think it was something that people were supposed to talk about on the show.
I'm here to go to school for you.
Well, what are your studies off-limits?
No, I'm studying creative writing here, if you want to know.
And I'm having a great time doing it, and it's been great.
Good.
What are you writing a book?
Short stories?
A little a book.
Well, which one is it?
Short stories are a book.
A book right now.
What's the book about?
Jersey City.
It is?
Yeah.
what's it called
i was going to call the six borough but i think i would have been salted to
jersey city now you're going to call that that is insulting
yeah so i'm not going to do that anymore
yeah the sixth burrow
i knew better if they're looking at that i might know they're lucky to know
us
yeah again
i like new york
nothing wrong with it
great place
a lot of good stuff there
but you want to know what
don't throw jersey under the bus
where it all goes down
named the last good band that came out of new york
who moldy peaches
some of the stroke i don't like that strokes
first of all i was a it was eight years come out of new york unit came out of
swiss boarding school exactly they got their chops over in uh... in uh...
you know in uh...
I'm a doozled dwarf
Young man, thanks Tom. Thank you
All right
Shows a disaster
We are off the rails
I've already expended way too much energy
Yeah, but this thing, this Florida primaries, if Rudolph Giuliani goes down, which it looks
like he's going to, couldn't happen to a nicer guy.
Like how nobody wants that guy.
Like he thinks that people wanted what he was selling, people don't want to be scared
all the time
that talk about nine eleven all the time
to do is uh...
we're gonna mention uh... nine eleven is put us uh...
budget
together you know for uh...
schools
we get it nine eleven
yeah we were all there
no one missed it
you were a big hero for thirty hours
then you went to a Yankee game
that guy came through for a day and a half
everybody's got a good day and a half in them
In the chat, this guy, Forrest, who's a regular caller, really rising to the challenge, listening
all those awesome New York bands, Interpol.
So far, he's listed Interpol and the Liars.
There you go.
You're right.
Yeah, I'm going to match you with, I'll match you with, I'll put an interpolar
liars, throw someone else in, and then I'll put, I don't know, who should I put
up against that Mike Funkadelic, Patti Smith.
No for the anger, no for the anger, it's a positive show, positive show.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hello Tom.
Oh, what's wrong?
Are you staying up late?
No, I'm just celebrating my birthday here.
Today's your birthday?
Yes.
Really?
Happy birthday to you.
Yep.
Happy birthday to you.
you still there yeah I'm still here I'm seven years away from old age well
that's depressing of course it's depressing and you think I want to you
know be 50 in seven years you put you you put in a bucket list together yeah
Here, check myself into the home when I turn 50.
Now what's on your bucket list?
Getting that annoying ankle bracelet off?
No.
Not that you had a bracelet, but, uh, you know.
Getting that judge off your back?
What judge?
Yeah, no.
One is always cheating.
No, the one who's always throwing the book at you.
Speaking of judges, would you, how does this judge spike
thing feel for you
are you willing to do that
i would love to uh...
dispense them a little uh...
advice to people what if we call it dungeon justice
with judge spike
you like that
all that would be lovely
if they get out of line you put them in the dungeon exactly and we'll get to
your bailiff can be uh... one of the guys from the uh... del vikings
hmm now how about somebody a little more submissive
you
you know
well considering the guy from the del vikings is ninety one years old
i don't know how uh... resistant he's going to be i don't know how defiant
he is these days
well i want to make that old
you know you were just talking about uh... uh... eight of julienne either
yes
i'm so glad he's out of it
i am pleased
you are
oh yeah i know it's really good it makes way for uh...
for our guy right
and who's that
mit romney
and then i'm not a
republican i'm a devout democrat
well he's a democrat to write
now he's not
in the morning
what is that i thought that i didn't think we were in a three-party system
though
well he thinks he is
what do you mean
he's
running on the Mormon uh... ticket
just like Julian he was running on the 9-11 ticket
i want to uh... apologize to you uh... spike
last week
i think i made fun of it i think i crossed the line
i don't remember what you said i said something about the fact that you only
have one uh...
knife and one fork
and one spoon in your house
uh... now i have more than that
i do have some money
you have money
not a lot of money
if i would have helped but
what happened to rich guy uh... uh... you had died in the dungeon
as soon as identity
now i think i've been getting that many rich customers lately
the talented mister spike
you know they haven't been around lately
i guess you know it's too cold or i don't know whatever the reasons are
yeah i wonder why uh...
a rich guy wouldn't come hang out at your uh... basement apartment
no idea what because i need the money
wonder what wonder what might be the stumbling block there
i don't know that's a good question so i so let's judge uh... this judge uh...
spike thing dungeon justice with judge spike
well let me put a case together i'll get somebody who has a dispute
and they will bring it in front of uh...
judge spike
and you will make the ruling
how does that sound
all that sounds lovely
so let's do that in the next couple weeks
okay i would be fine
and also i want to say
next week you'll be very excited to know
i am announcing
we're gonna have our own award show on the program
would you
be willing
for the award show
to sing a song
all i can't think i hate i think what to do
with one sam was concerned better than i can
there we go check
got that in
but how you know you know just mention chucky and we've hit all the uh...
we've hit all the targets for tonight
i didn't mention chucky yeah there you know what you said it
why i said it now but yes
legally you have to mention
do woplin samuels and chucky on each call
so i think that's what it is
i'm going to give the awards away next week
uh-huh right
would you be a part of the awards i either want you to do that what what can
Can you do to be a part of this Best Show award show?
Oh, I can decide who should get the award.
Well, no, you can't.
That's way out.
First of all, you've never heard the show beyond 8.35.
You always hear your TV on in the background.
Well, it's at 40 now, so...
Yeah.
So we're in rare air right now.
What could Spike do on the award show?
Maybe you want to talk about, maybe, hmm, maybe, what if you do the opening monologue?
Can you write some jokes?
I can try.
Would you be willing to write six jokes for next week's, next week's thing, just like
hey everybody thanks for uh... the best show coming out of the show or
you're right there
thanks for coming out to the best uh... show on w f m u awards
um... spike and uh...
and then just tell some some gags
some uh... some uh... some uh... goofball jokes what do you think
that sounds interesting
interesting
will you do it
I'll say, if I'm around next week, you know what, get off my phone.
They don't want to inconvenience you.
If I'm around next week, it's called the last 45 weeks in a row.
If he's around, this guy got going on.
What are you going to be at a banquet?
You're gonna be at a costume ball
It's monster
This guy got going on
Yeah, and I
Okay, here we go best shows on fire now a little slow start
Ramping up slow
We mentioned the bucket list.
I'm gonna put a topic right on the table right now.
Just gonna get the ball rolling. Boom!
Couple weeks ago,
I was talking to forget who. And the topic of these video games came up. All these
video games,
it's all the rage video games. All these home video game systems.
And they do all these games
based on movies and TV shows.
Like any time a movie comes out there, they already have the game ready. Like Shrek 3.
Spider-Man 2.
Like the game that's incorporated into the movie.
but there's gotta be some movies out there
that are unjustly being uh... neglected
some movies that should have video games
for example
imagine this
imagine a bucket list video game
think of that
you've got to go uh... you gotta go uh...
complete all these tasks
drive a drive a race car around the track
at a jump out of an airplane
you're either playing the jack nickelson character
or the morgan freeman character
you gotta try to thwart
shown haze
he's trying to stop you from getting out i don't know what the movies about
i'm assuming he plays some uh...
some angry hospital uh...
keeper who it's just like you gotta hide from them
get out
hide the laundry chute
so what i want to do right now
you call up two oh one two oh nine
nine three six eight and we talk about
the best
video games that have been overlooked
like what movie adaptations would be a great video game then why
two oh one two oh nine nine three six eight
fm you you're on the air
how you doing it uh... johnny brendon from the jerky boys
got from the jerky boys huh
yeah yeah i know we kind of fell off what are you doing
uh... probably better than you
uh... you'd be surprised to do a big thing jerky boys are come back with a
animated uh...
we got a video game coming out they might make a movie about it
make a movie about the video game
yet believe it or not
uh... i don't
well i'm going to choose you know where do you see it
or or wait till i don't see it
uh... uh... you know
the thing is the plot is really good i don't believe that this is the guy from
the jerky boys name a couple of your characters
uh... we got uh... well i'm johnny i also i teamed up with kamala i'm not
remember come on but we had a big breakup after the movie came out we had a big
lawsuit and you know name it all name a couple of characters you did listen I
don't want to go into my passes you're a fraud
it's a black mark on Mike's record tonight letting the a faux jerky boy
through a jerky boy Monke is that how you say the word I do that right try not
to be an egghead. I want to try to be an egghead for a second. It's a lunch pail show. I'll
throw words like that around. Got Colin. Well, pretend to be one of the jerky boys. You couldn't
even hold it together for 20 seconds. Embarrassing. Hey, it's John Jay. He went to Wikipedia, read two
paragraphs on the jerky boys
so yeah i can do that guy
shameful
shameful
fm you you're on the air
hey yeah
hey this is named from st paul
nate from st paul
how are you doing tonight
uh... doing all right
submission for the topic here
the topic being
being uh... movies they should be video games
And I know the big thing, you know, for the last few years is to kind of rip off Grand Theft Auto,
do a big whole open world thing, you know, just run around and do whatever.
Yeah.
They should do that for repo man.
Hmm.
Really?
Yeah.
You get assignments to repossess cars and try to avoid getting shot or beat up by scob bands.
Mm-hmm.
You want to know what?
That is a great one.
Thank you.
You started us off on the right foot.
i'm glad i could help you recover from that jerky boys not yet there
yet i couldn't even name one character
look i'm not gonna go revisit the past
can't remember the name of his own yeah very typical anti-Semitic caricature
yeah exactly
was jerky boys
those guys got shown the door uh...
those guys got more play than they ever should have gotten
i actually saw that jerky boys movie in the theater as a good movie though i'll
admit it was a good movie
at a really uh...
there are tours
alanarken was pretty good in it
did he went in oscar for that or for a little miss sunshine can't remember
uh... one
i like to check on that
the alanarken must have been on the set of that movie every day
staring at a picture of either
a fancy car
a fancy boat
or a fancy house
just like between takes
he just reaches into his shirt pocket and unfolds it
just to remind him of why he's uh...
acting in a scene uh... opposite
a kamal
so i'm in a thing
with these guys who do prank phone calls
and they're in a mood why is there a movie
about these guys
who do the least visual thing you can possibly do
Because you know it's funny to see these crazy voices coming out of the mouth of these people yeah, no
It's cool. We'll demystify everything they do
That's what the you know everything that makes it fun that they create images in your mind
We're gonna erase all that with this movie
You're just gonna see this you're gonna see what it's really like a fat blob sitting at home talking into a telephone
It's sick those guys got shown the door
They got more they got more time outside of the door who let them in first of all
If I knew I don't think I'd really be any happier
It's kind of a world. It's pretty bleak
What is this?
There will be blood and off my phone
what a hang up on that guy there was a great call FM you're on the air hello
Tom hi who's this this is Aaron actually sometimes you call me Stevie when I
call huh I don't know what what you would prefer to say either way it's fine I'm
gonna call you Aaron okay that works to seeing as I've been called that most of
I was thinking Kramer versus Kramer would be a good video game.
And how would that work Aaron?
Well I think you know you have the proceedings like the court proceedings they could you
know work out some like kind of like Dungeons and Dragons where you kind of have to know
all the secret codes and everything and then you know no one to object and want to just
and be silent, fall in the metal street, those are things, and then, you know, if you're really
good at flipping the eggs, they're making French toast.
Yeah, I think it's French toast for a bonus, but that would be like a bonus thing.
Yeah, I mean, that would be, you know, a little bit towards the end, you know, that's when you've
almost won over little Kramer. Yeah. First of all, that movie, how hard is it to make French toast?
seriously I you know that guy couldn't that guy couldn't make French toast is
deserved advocate it's true I mean that should be one of the test there should
be a test and that should be like number one yeah you crack an egg you pour some
milk put in a pan you throw a piece of bread in wait you wait for it to be
brown on one side you flip it then you put it on a kid's plate hand them a
thing is Sierra up and even if it's ugly French toast what little kid wouldn't
eat it yeah just pour more syrup on it that's the only thing the kids are
tasting don't get some some powdered sugar and drop that on top and see her
exactly exactly or you know you could just buy a fun looking cereal exactly
this guy's having a help him pour himself a ball of cereal this guy's
is having a
is having a meltdown
uh... cuz he was in the how to uh... flip a piece of uh... bread in a pan
that's true
i mean it
it really did not communicate as well i think that he was a big drawback in the
end
is a weird world error it's a weird world error and right this one of the
is the best call the night
uh... but you know that's actually never happened to me usually hang out i know
i know
this new it is uh... we're in uh...
uncharted territory right now
i know i'm loving it i might even call call next week
well it's not let's not get uh...
sake at hasty
and i know i don't want to get ahead of myself here let's enjoy this
i'm i'm enjoying it
and uh... and i hope you are too
on thank you are and i am you have a good night
you can get back
mike
associate producer mike who i want to say thank you to for his uh...
tireless duties here each and every week
he just came in handing me a piece of paper saying he wants a game
based on Strozik, as a shocker.
And in the game, you would avoid getting beat up
by street pimps.
Be friend to see now old man and prostitute.
You'd buy a trailer, steal a turkey.
You'd make, you have to make the chicken dance
and then you get on the ski lift.
You know what would be cool though
if that was for like the wee?
You picture some kind of like swinging all around the room
with his little gyroscope controller.
Strotzik.
I wonder if it's like Netflix.
Are they just like, hey, you know what?
It's a little spike in the movie and the rentals
for Strotzik.
Not a huge thing by any stretch.
But Strozik does okay much more than any of these other
Werner Herzog movies.
Yeah, Strozik is a little uptick in Strozik.
I think we might have to order another copy of Strozik.
We should.
We should contact a Netflix person
and see if they would be like, you know what?
We did notice that.
I guess they was it in New Brunswick FM you're on the air
hey Tom it's John from Maplewood John from Maplewood I have to say John from
Maplewood first of all I was going through my email the other night yes and
I was I was late in getting to this uh-oh you sent me something yes I did some
fanfiction that's correct I was hoping maybe you got picked up by your spam
filter and I can say I read this the other night yeah and I was laughing
out loud oh my gosh and I have it printed out in my hands right now oh and
I'm going to read I'm going to read it later in the program you're kidding no
I'm not I'm nervous John from Maplewood wrote some fan fiction a story called
where turkey's dare. That's correct. I'm gonna give people the opening sentence to
hook them. There's like a tease for later in the show. It had snowed that day and
the hate pit was frigid. You gotta open you gotta open strong. Yes. Now evening
had descended and Jeff Garland was busy looking for twigs to keep the pit fire
fire lit. Bob Saggot looked on offering no assistance. That's all I'm going to read
from right now. Oh my gosh I really had hoped that maybe you saw it and immediately said
delete. Oh no I rap. Saw it, read it, laughed, laughed some more, printed it out. Uh oh.
That might open the floodgates. There might be more coming out, not the day. I'll take
I'll take it. I just noticed somebody came into the chat with the name Hate Pit.
That's a good one.
Alan, he seems like a jerk.
Uh-oh.
There you go.
So anyway, John, do you have a movie that should be a video game?
I do. The timing was uncanny because you were just talking about wearing a Hertzog
and Strote stick and I was going to recommend Fitzcarraldo.
So the video game would basically be getting a giant boat over a hill. Yes, getting a river boat
You would have to pull the river boat over the hill and if you got it you would introduce opera to the Amazon
But if you failed it would roll down the hill and run over Klaus Kinsky and his gramophone
I would play that you would I would too. I
Was designing for myself
John from April would you are in the lead for breakout superstar of 2007
Chuck well thank you Tom I appreciate it you have a good night young you do
bye bye okay sneaky sneaks up on you that guy a little bit here a little bit
there
sure he's not is uh...
he's not a is not a scene stealer the way a uh...
the way a and errand would be
where you remember you remember her or the way a uh...
who's a who's another one mike
makes work
But that guy, you add it up in the end.
That guy delivers.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey Tom.
Hey, who's this?
This is Forest in Manhattan.
Ugh.
What's up?
Oh, come on Tom, I love New Jersey.
I wasn't trying to create some sort of division there.
What can I do for you?
Well, I'm kidding.
I'm kidding.
I had one for the topic.
I'm kidding.
I can't beat you up.
you seem like a nice guy
well thank you
you do too
i think i have a movie that should be a video game uh...
and it is your favorite and mind that would be
face-off escape from the york
well i was going to go with face-off face-off that would be a good game
because
every level like every scene in that movie is an action sequence so every
level could be a different one like breaking out of prison or the boat chase
or whatever and you could do a two-player version where the object of the game
the objective is to get your face back from the other player I like that your
face is off I think it would be fun it's got to get my face off oh yeah and
And every level could culminate in one of those great Nicholas Cage quotes, because there's about a hundred of them in that movie.
Yeah, face off. You know what I would also like? A face off game. There could be a game about, called The Making of Face Off.
Where you literally are the guy who wrote face off, and you manage to navigate through every hurdle to actually get that thing filmed.
No, no, you got to understand the movie about a guy
It's these two guys and they each take their faces off and they trade faces and then they play each other in it
Kind of like freaky Friday with guns
That game sounds a little too difficult to beat but
Yes
Thank you forest. Thank you. You have a good night. You too. Bye
Hi.
FM you, you're on the air.
Tom.
Yes.
Tom and Buffalo.
Tom and Buffalo.
How are you tonight?
Good.
I called them last week.
It was a very successful call.
You called me a gorilla.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Why'd I call you a gorilla?
They said I bent for my girlfriend.
Uh-huh.
And what happened?
How did the call end?
Oh, I think you hung up.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi, Tom.
Hey.
This is Brian.
Brian from?
Columbus, Ohio.
Ah, Brian, how are you tonight?
Very well.
Do you have a contribution to the topic which is
come up with a...
Movies that should be video games.
Yes.
Yes, I do.
It's almost too obvious to mention, but Smokey and the Bandit.
Smokey and the Bandit would be the best video game ever.
Right, because you got three really interesting characters.
So you could do...
Snow missions.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No man.
You know who I'd want to play?
A junior.
Turn left, Daddy.
As long as there's no missions where you're Sally Field's character.
That would not be so fun.
Left daddy turn right daddy. Yeah, we'll both and the clear
Yeah, if the hold is hat you have to go in and get a Diablo sandwich and a dr. Pepper, right? Yeah, exactly
Was that smokey in the band there smokey to where they wrecked the roller coaster a smokey to that must be to because I've never seen to yes
But yeah, I think that would be a really fun video game
You want to know what that would be great you
have actually made me honestly wish that one of these games existed well
thank you just to just to play you loads of things he's he's found it down starts
playing right exactly bandit steals a woman's heart like that song that that
Jerry Reed song that was like during the during the love intro. Yes, yes
But then you could play that that part where he gets in the fight with the at the diner. That'd be pretty fun. Yeah, I
Look, I think the whole thing would be great and you win when you bring the warm beer to the to the big party
Right where would people have been like great job this beer is really warm right now
It's gonna take two days to cool this stuff down, right? That truck was not refrigerated
And it's cores beer. It's not like it's um, you know a top shelf brand. Yeah, that's exactly like
Was that really how things were in the 70s?
This core is or look we need this cores. It's really good stuff. I
Need to get someone to deliver cores
Because they don't sell it on this side of the country
country. This stuff. Wait till you drink this stuff. Coors. This stuff is like, this
is like ambrosia. It's like from the gods. This stuff. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you Tom.
Hi. FMU you're on the air. Hi Tom. It's Amir in Florida. Sumir in Florida. How are
you tonight
i'm doing very well thanks i know i'm doing okay thanks for asking now are you
you as a resident of florida
are you a
a weirdo
old
c
super rich or d
one of the good people
uh... i'm actually one of the good people and i'm i can say that pretty
confident
fair enough
It's been pretty interesting today with the vote, because I'm not a citizen, so I can't vote.
That doesn't stop people from bugging me when I was walking around my university today.
So I got a I voted sticker from somebody else, and then they left me alone.
Just to get them off your back.
Exactly.
Well done.
I know, that's my cunning.
You do sound very crafty.
Thank you very much.
Who would you have voted for?
Probably Obama.
that
uh... he's one of the democrats
and you might be among the news
yes i have
he's going to be yesterday
definitely for that he was the guy who was uh... held captive right that the
one
yes and now he's using that for
successful campaign was he the one whose friends with chuk Norris
no no that's um... how cool something
huckleberry
he's not doing so well anymore yes i heard that uh...
that uh... that uh... john mccain's getting that guy uh...
what's that action stars name
speakman
i think i did
it here about that
if the only way you can stay in the race now yes
who can get the next action star
i think
romney has john clod bandam
i'm signed and field in his corner
that would be great when that be great
i know i mean i would i would find a way to fraudulently vote for him if i could
if that were the case
so some here
yes sir do you have something to add to tonight's topic here on w f m u a star
and wx hd mount hope
worldwide on the world wide web at w f m u dot orgie this is the best shown
w f m u mine is top sharply
on the host of tonight's installment
and the topic that we are talking about is
tell me about a movie
that would make a great video game
uh... well mine follows what for us to talk about earlier to find another
nick cage
hope it's okay
the wicker man
game
but it has to be the new that was an original in the seventies but this would
definitely be based on the more recent one you want to be based on the nickels
cage wicker man
absolutely
i love it
uh... and what would happen in that game
well the thing is there would be no instructions
and you just have to go around you you just have to find a girl a kid
And that's pretty much the only instruction.
And then you just see what happens,
and you get points from punching people,
and there are masks, and there are bees,
and you don't know when you've won,
and I don't know the spoil ending of the film for anyone,
but when that happens, you win.
What happens when you get that bee thing put on your head?
Oh, the bees!
You're not a bees!
That signifies victory.
Did you see that movie yet?
I never did, but on YouTube, if you click in, I think, best scenes wicker man.
Yes.
There's a three-minute compilation of just all the whole film in purely hilarious films.
Yeah.
And it's him knocking a lot of women around.
Women in, like, animal masks.
And babies.
And he steals a bike.
I think I got the essence of the film from that.
How is that up for any awards now?
um... did that win any gold clubs
uh... i think um... i think june is so it's thunder
don't bring that up
fm you you're on the air
hi tom
hi this is julie from Cincinnati julie from Cincinnati how are you
i'm so good how are you doing okay
that's wonderful
i think hangman also die should be a video game
what what is it
hangman also die and what is that
that's like uh...
disanti-Nazi movie where they kill
not the leader of the area
and when when was this movie uh... made
what why
when
like in the forties early forties
forties
it's old yet
why are you but i mean strojekas old too but i thought that should be that
would be the greatest video game anything with bruno asked would be a great
video game like
but it would be more fun
if you're you were playing bruno asked
and
and trying to direct him in the movie
to be like a hurts all game
yeah but that's not
the hurts of directing bruno asked is in the movie yet but he likes to make
uh... documentaries maybe it will be
my best finger something
uh... i i i think that would be an exciting game and a very popular game
oh yeah i'd love it i'd play it even what twelve-year-old wouldn't want that
yeah i know what twelve-year-old wouldn't want that it would be more fun than
barbie games
finally i can enter what
oh i'm sorry i was just doing things that were funny
yeah i was going to say something funny but
you are so funny tonight i didn't want to get in your way keepers that that's
very sweet of you to say
so i was things out there in since an adi
training
y'all excited about uh...
but uh... two thousand eight
and life
oh yeah two thousand eight is going to be a great year
uh...
i've got a new hobby
What is that?
Calling radio shows.
Right.
Yeah.
And this is a new thing for you, 2008?
Yeah.
Well, I wish I had more to say about it, but I don't.
I might start calling.
Well, I don't know what you have in New York, but here we have a lot of redneck talk radio
shows.
So I'm going to start calling them tomorrow.
Anyway, what are you going to say?
hi okay yeah anything after that probably depends on what they say hmm
kind of play it play a play it loose after that yeah I'll play it by ear you
know what I say to you Julie good luck with that thank you so much it's gonna
be fun it will be um can I say something about the F O T's I don't know what
What are you going to say?
I won't say the F word.
You won't?
No.
OK, good.
What do you want to say?
All I want to say is, like, I'm surprised.
I thought, because you're so funny and interesting,
I thought your fans would be, too.
And they're not?
Well, not what I expected, no.
Kind of disappointing.
A little boring?
I don't know if I'd say boring, but common.
I know what you mean.
Yeah.
It's like regular people, right?
Yeah.
Not like you and I.
Not like you and I, right?
Not like you, no.
Or you.
We're different.
We're different, yeah, that's right.
We're so much different.
Yeah.
That's not fair to these people, though.
is a nice people
i know they're nice but uh... people are always night
okay
that doesn't mean they're interested
that that's uh... a little rough
i like them
i don't mean that in a bad way i just mean i had so many expectations not
i wouldn't keep calling
your show even i don't know why even did
but i don't know what i even need to talk about
mike is telling me i got to move on to the next call
on it
uh... i would also die the video i would keep talking but mike is giving me the
signal
you have a good night julie
fm you you're on the air
uh... this is tenn from elmsburg washington
how are you tonight tenn
i'm doing good
do you
have a video game you would like to add to the uh...
to the uh... topic
i do
robert altman's national video game national video game and how would that go
down
okay well it would be a combination of a little different
types of genres of video games uh...
one of the
one of the things is there'd be a guitar hero like portion
where you would either have to sing or play along with the songs but uh... to
make it hard
like the movie parts of it would be out of key
and uh...
then uh... after you do that there are
there's a on rpg of just
you guiding these characters through like their various failed relationships
and you have to
do you have to follow the plot of the movie
and uh...
simulate
uh... having an extramarital affair
you know
get pulling strings to get your son out of Vietnam
so you know it's a really nice and cheery game
yeah i like it
and uh...
yeah cuz that's that's one of all the happiest films i think
i was wondering when you know i i'm gonna make i'm just gonna make a film
that leaves people with a smile on their face yeah
you know also be a good game would be uh... california split
definitely good gambling game
oh yeah you could have you could
add like online play
to that
exactly run it out of uh... barbedos or where where they run online gambling
out of
uh...
uh... i think
the canary islands now
what's that i understand the big deal people try to crack down on the online
gambling
why shouldn't you be able to lose your entire fortune from your home
yeah i shouldn't you have access to
the credit you know to the credit cards of
people who may not know how to protect their identities online you know
exactly
anybody else anybody gets down on it you know i say you're a worry work
oh definitely
thank you young man
no problem
fm you you're on the air
a time it's correct all from maryland
chris alford marlin this is a quality caller
And I'm sorry the wire is a television show not a movie. So you can't suggest that
Well, I thought that might be too predictable. I hope they do a movie on the wire. I do
Wouldn't that be awesome?
Yeah, and they'll
Completely change up what was great about it as a TV show. You know many people would see that movie 45
Same amount of people who watch the wire
It would only open in like three cities, but they don't love it.
It was the best moment I ever saw.
You'll never believe what happened to Snoop.
I haven't make multi.
I think Snoop has a long career ahead of her.
I know you haven't seen it.
Yeah.
I didn't know Snoop was a woman.
Well, that's a common mistake.
But, which is not, you know, which is what kind of the point of her character.
Oh, uh, what are you, uh, tennis judge, sitting in a giant throne, way up high, judging me?
What's that?
What are you, a tennis judge?
Looking down at me, 20 feet above me?
All right.
Let's move on.
Look, I'm not a, you know what, the thing with the wire?
I'm sure when I start watching it, it's going to be awesome.
And I'm gonna love it. But you want to know what? I can't right now. I just can't.
You're too entrenched in the opposite camp right now.
I'm not even in an opposite camp. I'm like a weird sniper in the hill shooting at both camps.
I'll shoot at anybody's camp. Why is he shooting at us? You know why? Because I'm the X-Factor. I make no sense.
You're playing both sides against the middle.
It's like, uh, it's like, uh, what?
Like Miller's crossing or something.
Exactly, like Miller's crossing.
Now I, uh, nothing against the wire.
You know what, though?
You got a wire, you guys deserve to get teased a little bit.
Everyone deserves to get teased a little bit.
All I'm doing is pancing you, right?
Yeah, it's, uh, it's a, it's a liked pancing.
You guys are walking around the school acting like you're, uh,
kings of the school.
like you're you just won the uh... uh... the uh...
matheladic competition
nerds are running things for once
ironically there's not a lot of math like in the schools on the wire
very well yes
so is that what they're going after this year that was a previous season was out
yeah that was last year
this year they're going after the
the uh... the media yeah can i ask a question of wire fans
what have any of you done
once you've been exposed to this horror
has any of you done anything to contribute to stopping the horror
now i got a minute
those schools are horrible
that's the worst that's terrible
you never believe how awful it is
want to do anything to stop it
now i don't
not going to become a teacher after watching that
chris i think it it hasn't done much for baltimore's tourism industry
i think it's done a lot for it you get these uh... wire fans showing up
trying to see sites actually
yeah there was uh...
like in the baltimore city paper there is a there's an article about uh...
they were like pointing out the tour spots
in the shooting location
i would i would go on that tour if i was a wire fan
would you go on the uh...
the sopranos. Well, if you weren't from Jersey, would you go on the sopranos tour?
I'll need to. Yeah, watch those opening credits. I know where that stuff is. You pass that
stuff when you're getting around. I'm driving all over the place. I sell. Yeah, that's it.
I'm taking Tony sopranos route. Yeah. Go to Holstins. Onion rings.
No big thing.
Yeah.
So, Chris L, what do you have to contribute to tonight's topic?
Which is...
How about a movie version of the song remains the same?
For like the fantasy sequences?
For the Led Zeppelin concert movie?
Yeah.
It'd be like the fantasy sequence was blown up to like Lord of the Rings proportions.
That would be fantastic.
so you would be who did the drag racing
uh... john bond of the drag racing
yeah you have like super intense like uh... drag racing
and one like it'll be it kind of like the best of all possible world
so it'd be like a racing game combined with a fantasy element
right combined with maybe like guitar hero
then instead of like uh... guitar though you'd have to play the
moby dick drum solo
i don't like this
now i love this
i'm relighting it
the green light video games has that has that go down
how do you how do you sign off on a video game what's the terminology
i think if it's like if it's violent enough
there's a suitable amount of
the gore then you're automatically good to go
now chris l you as a best show uh... listener
they say uh... is somebody who's been here for a while what would topic
in a topic what award should i be giving out next week for the best show awards
i was thinking
yeah i've obviously
best caller
worst caller
i'd come up with some sort of uh... lifetime achievement award
who would get that though
life-time achievement award
news gonna want it on
john konte
is gonna want mike's gonna want
he's gonna want this lifetime achievement
i'm serious
maybe i think maybe it could be like uh... he's not gonna want to mike in the
hall of fame
maybe there could be like uh...
like uh... like a
like a call screener
uh...
like kind of like the uh... the special award they give
like people who've never won an Oscar.
Yeah.
It could be like a montage of like a call screeners or something.
Yeah, it'd be a long montage.
A recipient.
Dave, Matt, Mike.
Here we go.
It'd be something.
Who would get the Lifetime Achievement Award?
You knew you should get it?
Me.
I should get it.
Maybe you can just be, yeah, well,
i wouldn't that be like a conflict of interest though
who cares
conflict of interest well what are we going to get this uh...
you know doc my pay
is price water house gonna
keep track of a valving
price water house i'm gonna write this stuff out in a pnehra bread
uh...
uh... Tuesday afternoon
price probably how the authors are going to be a compiled this year
You know, but I heard they actually might hold them in a panera bread this year.
Yeah, that would be awesome.
Who's yeah, I got to figure out some of these categories.
I know people are going to lobby for I'm going to actually have a category called
Best Recapper and I think it's kind of a short list on that one,
but don't count someone else out, right?
Yeah, you know, could get a little, uh,
Someone else could start recapping the show tonight, and move in, and sweep it from Omar.
Yeah.
Maybe you could have a category called best drunk caller from Cincinnati.
Hey.
You're fighting back now, right?
A little bit.
You don't like it.
She's hungry.
She said you were common.
Yeah.
Well, did that hurt you could be honest. It did hurt a little a little bit to be cold common although
I'm kind of numb to the pain at this point. Yes my uncommonness
Oh
Chris L. Thank you so much. Oh, thank you. Huh?
FM you you're on the air
Hey, Tom. It's Tyler and my Claire Tyler in Montclair. Oh seven
Nine eight one
No, seven oh eight three. No
oh
oh seven oh four two
all right
fair enough
you're on the right track though yes
um... i have a idea for a movie turned into a video game
all right tyler you tell me what video what movie would make a great video game
well i think a really fun video game would be the movie repo man
you could driver you know you could
I have around re-pulling cars while searching for the weird alien in the truck thing.
You want to know what other one would be a good one?
Time bandits.
Maybe you could play that and go back 40 minutes when somebody else called in with
repo man.
Get off my phone.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, Tom, I went for the topic.
And what's your name?
It was Tom from Buffalo again.
Oh, you're bu- don't worry.
I'm not gonna- I only do that like- I will never-
do that to you twice
tried so hard
don't worry you you let's hear you i know you're gonna do a good job with
this
uh... yeah it's uh... the idea for a movie to be turned into a video game
uh... give me shelter the
documentary
uh... it it would be
uh... a good
uh... bombing
they got me all nervous
relax
all right
um... are you on a cordless phone or a cell phone
Is it a cell phone, yeah.
Okay.
Are you home?
I'm at my girlfriend's apartment.
This is literally what I want you to do right now.
This call's going well.
Yeah.
Walk to the bathroom or the kitchen.
And I literally want you to splash some cold water
on your face.
All right, hold on.
I'm in the bathroom.
Okay.
Is it safe?
okay
and help
a little bit alright
uh...
uh... give yourself the video game
great job with the
chad
sorry great job with the chat everyone proud moments
uh...
so go so give me shelter the video game you got the cold water on your
feet splashed it you you kind of get your
your your your your third eye working now
uh... you're on it
here we go
you know shelter the video game
yep it's half uh...
half like rock band
and the other half you play as a uh... help angel
and uh...
murdering someone
you know you know that's a murder you you just kind of people around a little
bit to you
the one thing i would want to see in that video game which is a great idea
uh... what level can i would like to display the level where you uh...
speed up marty bellen
yeah
yeah
that's a bad idea
i like uh... i like the idea of being able to be uh... the rolling stones
having a tough time during concert it would be like not been only harder
i like that too
and you'd like you're doing people people
to come everyone down right
we play the grateful dead get back into the helicopter
we're out of here
definitely
Your name again, young man?
Tom.
Tom, you want to know what, Tom?
Tom from Buffalo?
Congratulations.
Yep. You did it.
That was a great call.
Oh, wow.
You're in the club now, buddy.
I'm so happy.
You should be. You did it.
That's all you. It's all you.
All right.
Well, you have a great night, Tom.
Oh, you have a great night, too, Tom.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi, Tom.
Hi, who's this?
This is Lori.
From?
Sorry?
From?
I have me.
Which is part of what state?
Florida.
Now Laurie, are you, as a resident of Florida,
A, a weirdo, B, old, C, super rich,
or D, one of the good people?
You can be more than one.
I know you guys can see, but I'm really not.
I'm not.
You're not?
No.
How many Julian Schnabel paintings do you own?
I'm not a single one,
So what would I want one of those stupid plate things?
You want to know what?
I'd want one.
Yeah.
You know why?
These are worth a ton of money.
Well, if someone were to give it to me for free, I wouldn't put it in the garbage.
I'd probably sell it.
What if I was to offer you one of those things for $150,000, but you knew that you could
roll it over for seven figures?
I'm principal. I wouldn't buy it because I think it's I mean, I like the diving bell and the butterfly
I do that's a sign. That's a sign of the super rich
principle
Just that word alone principle
On principle, I wouldn't turn six figures into seven figures
Okay, can we stop talking about my yes, we can yes, we can
Did you vote today? Yeah, well, I voted on Sunday early voting
Um, how did it go? Well, I wouldn't okay, but it's not like my vote is going to count
anyway.
Any weird, but I'm saying I'm just saying in the way that Florida voting has such a prestigious
and esteemed track record.
I went to the Miami Herald's website and there's like at the top apparently some people were
not able to vote because the the precinct people are confused about registered
Democrat not being able to cast their vote uh not being counted so they're
putting uh they're clicking the um unregistered or unaffiliated or
whatever so a bunch of people aren't getting to vote again wonderful I mean
again that's not going to count yeah but i hear you but it's still if you show up to vote
yeah well and well i did show up mostly to vote again putting slot machines in greyhound tracks
because anything that gives greyhound tracks more money not cool i agree with you i like dogs
people run dogs around the track animals so the people who do that are animals
sick sick and getting sicker as Bob Graham would say yeah so I have a movie
that should be a video game all right let's hear it grisly man what's with all
these Werner Herzog I don't know but I think it would be fun to play the bear
you know so you play the bear in it you get a choice you can play the bear
Uh-huh, or you can play the guy
Who'd want to play the guy though, I don't know
You're never gonna win. Yeah, you're always gonna lose
Play the guy
Yeah, like if you're doing there will be blood video game you could either be
Daniel they Lewis or you can be the oil rig
We want to be the oil rig
Yeah, maybe I would
oh Laurie that is a good one though that's a good one thank you I would also want to
play the edge video game it's like you can either be the bear or you can be Anthony
Hopkins or Alec Baldwin okay running through the woods right oh thank you Laurie okay
Hi.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hello, Tom.
Hi, who's this?
Dave from Knoxville.
Dave from Knoxville, super caller.
How you doing, young man?
Doing OK.
Good.
When did you become a super caller,
if you don't mind me asking?
How did I become one?
When?
Do you remember when?
Do I have the exact date?
Or just in general.
Has it been a year?
I think it was early in September.
Early in September.
OK.
So you're around the six month, five, six month mark.
Yeah, I think I'm not sure but I believe that's correct because I tried to call you time or two in the summer kind of flamed out
You're doing all right. You're holding your own as a super caller. Well, I got a movie for you a game for you
I would love to hear it. What is it?
Monster in a box the game. Monster in a box. What movies? Oh the spalding gray spalding gray monologue
So it's a guy here's the game, okay?
You're just sitting watching a video game version of the actual movie.
Every three or four minutes, a little orb appears on the screen.
Okay.
You've got three seconds to click on it, or the movie starts over again.
And you only win if you complete the movie.
You get to the end of Monster in a Box.
if you get to the end of monster in a box then you get the uh... the bonus
deleted
so if you win you lose
right
right it's uh... it's a study in uh... perseverance
uh... this game sounds fun
wait which one is fun again
the one where you uh... want to get your eyes out
okay then it is fun
i can uh...
One or both of my children would like to call some time.
Well, they are welcome to.
OK.
You won't hurt him.
My son did once.
You remember Seth Galifian Ochus was on?
Yes.
Nice fella.
Yes, very nice.
The place he's describing my wife's mother
who lives very close to.
Really?
So my son was very excited.
He was calling in to say.
He was trying to call in to say that he had been there many times,
He's even driven by the Galifianakis home, but he said something about his dad was super
collaring, and you said no one hung up.
So he's terrified of you.
Well you shouldn't be.
You know why?
Because you set it up now.
I can't have some guy throwing around your, it's like him walking around town with your
credit card.
Well, I don't know why.
I can't accept that credit card.
But you are coming into the store saying I'm going to send my son in with the credit
card.
Can he use it?
You know what?
Yes, he can.
Well, he may try you some night.
He is shaking his boots a bit, so tell them he's welcome.
You know what I tell him?
What?
Well, one man can do another punk can do.
Oh, there you go.
Wow.
What do you like?
The great Santini over there?
Yeah.
Yeah.
That'd be a good game.
In a school bus at the backyard that'd be a good game. See how many times you can bounce the basketball off your kid's head
Right. Yeah, like a balanced game like that'd be a good though
We game got to bounce the basketball if your kids head while going up the steps
Thank you, thank you Tom good night
FM you you're on the air hey time it's Tim from Hoboken Tim from Hoboken 07030. That's an easy one. There you go
I got an idea for a game, but I'm still laughing from the great Santini suggestion, sorry.
Well, that's alright.
Mind would be the mechanic with Charles Bronson?
No, I'm blanking on the mechanic.
Yeah, he plays a hitman.
Probably from about 1973-74.
Okay.
And the concept would be, like in the movie, he's mentoring the younger assassin who's
and michael vinson
and i think you're in a game that's got your bronchon and jane michael vinson
you've got something going right there right away
is a great game
as long as you see those guys
on the screen as long as we they get the rights to their likeness
which with jane michael vinton were probably not here if you actually i think
he died to me
jane michael vinson i think he's still alive
and the rest of it something a few years ago i don't remember
uh... yeah but in the movie they they go through a series
branches mentoring
j-michael pennant
at one point they have to kill uh... somebody have to kill the father of the
teachers
i forget what his name is the kind of the mustache
the guy with the mustache you know the father of like stacy keech and
the senior keech
stacy keech senior
i don't know what that is that i don't know i remember
papa keech
there you go keech pair
uh... but at the end of the movie i think it would be the culmination of the
video game
the uh... j-michael vinten character
turned on bronford so to win the game you would have to defeat j-michael vinten
your protg after he turns on you
i love it
i love it
now in the movie
well i was spoiled if you haven't seen it
yeah please don't ruin uh... the mechanic for me
house planning on seeing it um... never
in case i'm ever flipping channels and it's on uh...
uh... tnt
at three thirty in the morning i would hate for you to ruin it
you know it's funny that not because a lot of movies of the similar hope to
but that brought them
he did not need to be brought to movie fun tv is
as though the other people you know what you know why that might be
because time marches on
that might be i'm going to say that that might be the reason why
because new movies have been made
in uh... since the mechanic and uh... kenjite
and all those bronson movies
and they can put them on
that's true you make room for steven sega on whomever
exactly
afterwards
at the end of the movie uh...
uh... j-michael that can kill charlotte bronson
but uh...
from beyond the grave bronson reaches out in it
in acts as revenge which was uh...
it's it's really dramatic but i just ruined it for you
didn't ruin it
so we're going up any to dinos
oh god no i don't know if we're ready to do this
i don't see how
i don't mean to sound condescending but i don't see how a bunch of guys who
work in a pizza place
and speaking of condescending can have such an attitude
i haven't been there and yeah i think it was that they'd they act like they're
beyond a velvet rope or so well i was so what what are they if they were
working wall street they'd be uh...
awesome people
now they'd be looking down on the little man salt of the earth
they have to go down the little men that you know from behind the counter
would no matter where they were
so got behind it you're you're mad because a guy behind a pizza counter's
got a little to
yeah
i would say so yeah
going to be listening to you though you're saying you go in there and you're
talking about
like how dare this guy act like a human being
if now it's not that it's really well what was you think it uh... you know if
they should do for you make you happy get a trained bear back there
to make those uh... slices without make you happier
The grisly man idea was a fantastic idea, by the way, for the game.
It really was.
No, it's not.
No, it's just, it's rudeness.
Rudeness, no matter what you do for a living, rudeness is inexcusable.
But you know what you should do?
What?
Then we get a nice smile.
Maybe please, and thank you.
Maybe the rudeness might magically evaporate.
Yeah, I'm more passive aggressive.
I just never went back again.
This is what I say you do.
You go back into Benny Todino's.
right
and be the nicest guy you can and then if they're rude to you
i will join you
in condemning it
but i you know i think it's going to happen
you're going to work fine that they were not so bad
mike is saying he never got any attitude
it was a long time ago i don't judge it for a long time i'm talking like ten
years ago they were rude to me i just said
i could never go i'm never going back
give it a shot
and then you have to know about four thousand other pizza alternatives for me
okay i'll i'll i'll do that for you thank you
and the pizza not that good anyway but for you
fm you you're on the air
eight on the city
all eddie
wherever you've been eddie
i'll work and stuff
this is all i want you to know eddie
be around next week
so i'm gonna say
that show awards are coming out all around rookie of the years going to be
announced
I won't miss that. That's for sure. So a lot of work life kind of like keeping you busy
Yeah, I'm afraid so but
I'm gonna loop here now Eddie. Do you have a video game of movie that would make a great video game? I think so
rock and roll high school
Okay, where you got the
Remember the two like the girl who wanted to get the songs to the Ramon. Yeah, riff Randall right riff Randall and get Rambo
Oh, yeah, it have to navigate, you know, to get her to get the songs to them and
Remember the other girl wanted to like win the affection of Vince Van Patton really badly
You want to know what? Yes, I do and you want to know what?
This video game you're pushing and
How do the Ramones factor into it? Well, you got it. Um
You got to like you got to get P to deliver to DD to keep him going. Yes
and
You also got to keep them away from the room of the hall monitors
Yes, they're the two little chubby guys. Yeah, and then somehow you got a you got a
Get your hands on some TNT to eventually blow up the school. Yeah, it's screaming Steve in the video game
Oh, he's got to be yeah. Yes with that that funny at that cheesy
Sound effect that he made when he pointed his finger. That's all got to be there
And then you got the you got that music to it too is right. Yes
Eddie
Eddie
You did it again
You did it again. Oh, I'm gonna say I'm not gonna announce any winners yet
Just be ready to call in next week
If you hear your name mentioned
When an award is given out
You'd be ready to call
And accept your award you might want to write down some thank yous
You know you see you've seen award shows people who win awards
You might want to get ready. You might want to wear a nice suit next Tuesday.
I don't want to be too cocky and presumptuous.
I don't think you should be. I'll be listening in anyway.
Thank you Eddie. Thank you Tom. You have a great night. Good night.
FM you're on the air. Hey what's up Tom? This is Martin and Edison.
Martin in Edison. How are you doing tonight? I'm doing good. I tuned in a little late.
late arrival i dare i say
for eddie for rookie of the year
uh...
wow
but i did you talk about rambo at all
you mean the movie the one that just came out yeah
now i did not did did you see it
yeah i went and thought
and uh...
i just went to just kind of laugh and and
you know i want a couple friends that that really wanted to go
uh...
there the
the craziest thing that happened that that was like the most disturbing
was that some guy snuck in
like probably thirty minutes into it
uh... is two-year-old
it was bad
and like it was serious it's really distracted me
the rest of the movie because i could not believe it
let me ask you a question martin
did you see the movie
on uh... root number one
Did you see the movie yesterday?
No.
Okay.
Yeah.
Friday.
The night it came out.
Because I went to a movie theater, and as the movie I was seeing for Sunday, let out,
I wasn't seeing first Sunday.
But I noticed the Rambo Theater letting out also, and there was a mutant also escorting
a child out of the thing.
Oh my god.
What are these people, and how violent was the movie Rambo?
Oh, it was total bloodbath.
Nonstop.
It was nonstop, yeah.
And it's only 90 minutes long, right?
Yeah, really, yeah, that's funny.
After the movie was over, I was like,
there was a machine gun firing bombs the entire time.
Like, there wasn't really a quiet point, which is probably good
because I couldn't hear the kid crying, which he was crying
most of the time.
Really?
Yeah, the kid did not want to be there.
What kind of monster brings the child to that movie?
It was really bad.
No, I really want to see this, though.
I really want to see it.
Well, you have your two-year-old, though, to take care of.
Oh, I've got to make a choice.
Could I leave them at home?
Can I get away with that?
But if I lock them in the closet for two hours,
I go see Rambo, it's not going to work.
I mean, I was freaked out when I saw Empire Strikes
back in the theaters and i was probably
i don't even know how old i was but i was probably older than a two-year-old
and uh...
just you know i guess you have a comparison i was reeked up by
empire and this kid is in
the fourth rambo
uh... it's bad
that is bad
now what would make a good video game
uh... how about a video game for
uh... i'd feel like
people from like the age fifty and older would be on golden pond
video game and what what would happen in the on golden pond video game martin
uh... basically you'd be in
a little motorboat and you just have to maneuver around uh... rock
so it's kind of like
slow-moving video game
yet the boat doesn't go too fast
you know and it's just back and forth in the rock kind of come at you
like you use it maybe as a video game
maybe uh... you know the way that they use the the we for like physical therapy
for some of these old timers
maybe that's what it gets used as
it's a state sharp you know like
you know keep the motor skills going exactly you know what
you're playing you know that you just did you find a niche market
yeah exactly that's a candy move
you might want to go into your local game stop and run that by somebody because i
think you just found a winner
all right and i'm also going to say martin
you're not the odds-on favorite for rookie of the year
but that
but you never know
because this call was successful
well-tuned next week
you'd be ready you might want to put on a nice jacket also
have a speech ready
i would say that's a pretty good idea
you have a good night
fm you you're on the air
well tom yes
john from wicker
john from waco
any luck helping me move those singles
you know they've had been a lot of
activity
i don't know no one's really that interested the wacko from waco
it doesn't seem to be so you know there's no new wacko down there is there because
that would maybe help
now uh... no i could
would you be willing to become a new wacko
what i have to do
i don't know i wouldn't want you to be a wacko like the uh... like uh... the
other wacko
what was his name crows insky
uh... i think it was uh...
uh... correct
yet
was his first name again
his first name what was what i have for some reason and allen has is
coming into my mind
was an alan caresh
it was david david caresh
okay and
yes
so
if we if you would be part maybe if you started walking around town your pajamas
all the time or something
uh... or ride in like a weird uh... kind of like uh...
j-lenno car all around it
if i could afford one
i mean i don't know if it could uh...
just a dune bogey or something just ride that around exactly maybe like a
day-glowed dune bogey if you're driving around in your pajamas
all day long right
but with some sort of crazy hat
and maybe that's not maybe if you started like
like posting online it's like is anybody seen that wacko in the uh...
in the uh... dayglow dune buggy driving around town in his pajamas
like we'll get the wacko from waco
rolling again
right
and something to the newspapers about the
the wacko writing on waco exactly like right at letter complaining about the
wacko
but just keep using the word wacko
wacko from waco yes
i would uh...
i was going to say about rambo like
people thought armageddon
allowed movie
that was one of the loudest movies i've ever
rambo
beyond the fact that it was constant explosion they were really loud
did you enjoy it
it was a it was uh...
good to laugh at like i like all the uh...
violence and trust the best alone would love to hear that
and you know that your movie was great
or thank you know i'm not done yet
he had to do it
straight to meet you
all yes or rambo
all that's fantastic how do you like it i loved it
or that's a what i know i'd love to as we were making fun of it
what
it's funny uh... he's like a born again christian
and it's ten times more violent than any of the other rambos
you know i think uh... he should do hopefully he revisits uh...
the cobra franchise and closes that out
he just don't throw all his movies now closing them out
right just finishing them up
make sure everybody put a cap on everything
you do it with you can do uh... next uh...
rhinestone
that's a good idea to a sequel to that rhinestone to
close that out
because everybody really wondered what happened to rambo
And he's the only one who wondered
He's the only one asking that question. I wonder what happened to Rambo. What happened to Rambo and no one cares
No, really what happened to him?
You know what I think happened? I think he went back to the jungle at 65 and he was fighting again
No, I don't think that's what happened
No, it is what happened and I'm gonna film it
It was much bigger this time around actually like he works out
he was bigger than he was like in the first one yeah that's exercise
but he said he went to the gym three times a week
i think that's what did that
oh i may be that the human growth hormone you got arrested
for uh... in australia
not sure was that i bet you that wasn't his
i think he hits the gym problem you know
it's a good hour in
three times a week
did he really get arrested for
for that i believe he did
that's crazy
I know why would you almost say that that makes him a wacko?
Yes, he is actually a wacko
But if they can wake up wonder if they can shoot one of those things stopper my mom will shoot too
They can only shoot it in white a waco then I'm back in business
Right just hopefully nobody listens to the lyrics for all the verses that are all about the Davidians the previous one. Yeah
Well, man, I know when they leave us from lyrics, you know
Yes. Exactly. So let's hear your movie that you think would be a great video game.
I think that a great video game would be Death Proof.
And it would be a year played with RPGs like not to be over public that's really epic.
So it's kind of a game where it's like I dare you to stay awake while he talks in a bar for 55 minutes.
55 minutes exactly that it's not just that it's like an 80 hour it's non-stop
dialogue and you have to weave through these conversations correctly and you
know yeah it's just an epic 80 hour dialogue and it it leads up to it's like
dance dance revolution style lap dance but then it skips right over that and
you don't get to play it and then you talk a little more and you got to they
to die
anyway for part two
for the other four
i don't like it
i love it
oh thank you
and what if it was half of another video game package like the grind house
right here
play planet terror
where you're josh brolin
figuring that you just did the last crummy movie of your career
now you're a before it can be considered a good actor again
guys like doing that movie probably thinking of like a truck payment he had
to make
just knowing
is calling things coming out
is calling thing in american gangster if these two do what i think they'll do
is the last time i'm doing this stuff
yes
uh... you know your bad one
thank you for calling
fm you you're on the air
head home hello is it who is this
erica
erica super cool
you know it would be a good movie i'm just like a good video game would be
uh... did you receive the movie the hospital
the patty chayesky movie
you'd be george c scott
going through this hospital just seeing all the injustices
like yelling
this is a mad house
that a week
i would hope i think i might be for like uh...
like uh... like some disused game system like
like uh...
saturday
dream cast
yet dream cast
america
my game is a week game
i can't wait to hear it
mommy daris
and
basically your kristina crawford and you're just trying to escape john
Crawford and you've got lots of little minigames, like she's
chasing after you with wire hangers or she's you know you're trying to stop her
from like drinking a whole bottle of wine
a little dark, but it's funny
i think it's a good game
you know why
we get that it's a it's a niche market game just like the on golden pond one
right
it would appeal to uh... the ladies who don't always gravitate to uh...
they're not going to want to play uh... death proof
kind of games for everybody
yeah exactly i don't want to play manhunt i want to play mommy gary see
video game creators this is what you're not focusing on
also want to be a video game for uh... that movie p s i love you
would that be a good one
the hillary swank romantic comedy
is the goal to uh...
throw up
what if there's one called escape from meet the Spartans
where you're locked in a theater and that's playing
right and you have to find a way to get out of the theater
that would have to be like a
fantasy game i guess like strategy game
like final fantasy
out of the theater
erica you did it again
you've earned your super caller status
i'm glad i tried
you do more than try you succeed
fm you you're on the air
it's on this is on what the angel
showbiz what's up showbiz
and i'm not going on doing all right your industry has come crashing to a halt
i know i know that there's uh... there's nothing for me to uh... sprinkle my
magic on
where do you work now
uh... i am uh... i'm working on
cigar aficionado i'm quite i'm collecting a paycheck from the government
at this moment
have you seen the new issue of cigar aficionado by the way
uh... no i think my copies come in the mail yet it is on the cover the blues
brothers are on the cover
oh yeah yeah i thought that and it and it was uh... it was uh... jim belushi and
that made me angry dan acroid and jim belushi on the cover
talk about cigars
so interesting
but yet but uh...
wonder if they do it in character
what is uh... jim blue she's blues brothers name
uh...
it's something stupid creepy blues
jake jr
it will take
and what i thought john goodman
that's my favorite blues brother personally
and i think it's like the roof is something like that he's in bb y2k
right
and then there was a little boy that they
people seem to have forgotten yes they and just so you know they actually did
refer to it as BBY2K
let me go to Blues Brothers 2000 and see what's going on with that
Blues Brothers students let me look at the cast on Blues Brothers 2000 came
out in 1998
what did they think there's going to be that popular they keep running
they were looking forward
he played uh... john goodman played mighty mac if you remember
that that was the boy right
now that was john goodman's character
and uh...
who else was that i can't remember the little boys name
and uh... uh... joe morten i i think it was like the fifth blues broke the fifth
six
cab chamberlain
was his care i wanna play a blues brothers two thousand video game
Politopah
detector
data
no one in the theater
port dadar
remember in the blues brother would be like cricket was like cricket's when they did
that
buff on attacking
but it's like a showcase
people just didn't know what to think of what they were seeing yet
that show that they paid to all see the big concert
that they all actually paid to see
they weren't sure whether they liked it or not
yeah we paid to go see the blues brothers in concert
and they did a thing and then uh... the one blues brothers started some back
flipping and stopped it on his knees
in front of us
we are not responding though because we're not sure what we think of this yet
but in blues brothers two thousand
they reveal no one's in the audience
uh... no i think they should they should do uh... they should make them
blues brothers one game
and it'll be really good and then blues brothers to uh... like twenty eight
years later
uh... but that's not what you called about shown
no it's not uh... i have a uh... video game idea for you
let's hear it
uh... a game based on the thomas crown affair
which one
either either pierce broads nor steve mcqueen you make that selection when you
play
uh... there might be two players so you can do like
uh... you know
to player mcqueen verses uh... broadsman
uh...
but we can you travel around to art museums okay
well priceless works of treasure
and you know you kind of like
go from city to city and then in the end
you end up in miami
and you have to break into lory from miami's uh... mansion
and uh... steal her damey and hearse shark the ultimate art robbery
yeah right
yet she has one of the damey and hearse shark and formaldehyde
it's not dead so then you have to fight the shark
breaking
break in
Brankin' right yeah, you know, and I think that's the break maybe the alarm that would probably be like a
Like a pulp song would play when like somebody breaks into her house into the mansion
Common people will play yeah, you're common people play over the alarm system. Oh
Shawn thank you for calling no problem. We'll talk to you later
hmm w f m u east orange w x h d mount hope worldwide on the world wide web at
w f m u dot or g is a breakout topic phones have been lit non-stop on this
one but you got to pull the plug on it before we burn out on it these last
recalls that's it fm u you're on the air hi tom hi who's this this is uh
Stephen in Chicago. Stephen in Chicago. How are you tonight? I'm doing well. How are you? I'm doing okay?
All right. I have I have something for the topic. Let's hear it. It is a it's another Alan Arcush movie
Okay, get crazy the video game
What was get crazy again get crazy was his tribute to the film or east?
starring Malcolm McDowell, Daniel Stern, Ed Bagley Jr
leaving and John Densmore from the doors.
Really?
Yeah.
Are you not familiar with this?
Get crazy.
I'm drawing a blank on Get Crazy, although I can't believe I wouldn't know a movie that
Star Studded.
It's pretty terrible.
It's amusing.
Oh, Lou Reed is in it as well.
Okay.
Okay.
But it could be multi-tiered, like you could have a guitar hero portion where you have
to be leaving or Malcolm McDowell or John Denzmore or he could have a
Grand Theft Auto version portion of the game where you have to get Lou Reed to
the club. I would only want to play this game if I can beat up the Bill Graham
character. Oh Alan Garfield? Yes. Yeah Maxwell. Yeah you could be Ed Bagley Jr.
who's a nemesis
and actually fight
uh... the
the bill Graham character
i like it
you like it there you go man
thank you you're welcome back
fm you you're on the air
hey tom how are you doing okay who's this is evan and providence
evan how are you good
uh... one for the topic let's hear it
okay
it's uh... orca the video game
okay
okay you can play as one of three characters you need to be orca the whale
not for revenge and smashing the village and the boats and things like that
you can be peter harris
and
kind of converse you can either be trying to kill the whale or just
wedding and worrying about the whale
or you can be charlotte rambling and you just press the x button the whole time
you just
like pine after uh... peter harris
you got this whole thing figured out
almost i would definitely choose the whale i think that would be the most
exciting but yes
you know if you have a choice as it'll help sell the game
where have a movie got made
i don't know i would just watch it came to mind because we just watch it
recently and it
it's rough
yeah but you know i got made
well good yeah i do i don't know why i got made
actually it has good
themes to it where it's like
animal revenge movie there's not very many movies were like an animal is
mistreated and then it gets a chance to come back
and the humans are the villains
that's true you know what i'm uh...
that was written by who was that robert benchly wrote that
uh...
you got me i don't know
that i was good
uh...
thank you
thank
and you're on the air
hi who's this
this is daniel boston
daniel and boston how are you tonight
i'd actually self
doing okay
good here
you've a big super ball party plan
i'm actually going to be in new york and i actually don't care i hope you
walk around in the uh... patriots jersey
if you do you better take it off after they win
because you are going to get hurt
i i i can imagine any situation in which i would buy
uh... patriots branded piece of clothing
i think you're safe
no you think you're safe
i think i think i think about me
watch watch watch me uh... watch me go out when they win watch me
and we're going to jump at things to get off work on tuesday
why would you get off work on tuesday
because it's going to be the parade they've already announced the parade
it's going to be held on tuesday they announced the route
and why would you get all you what are they going through your office
uh... or do you work in the middle of the street
exactly that you'd actually be surprised it kind of gets uh...
a little ridiculous downtown when they've had these the championship rates you
know what though
now i really hope
the patriots lose
if you had not that i would want you to work off next Tuesday
but just the idea that that this city is actually already has the route mapped
out and already people are planning on not working next Tuesday
take it away
take it away from you think that they hadn't already done this seven times
or seven the last five years
take it away
they get exactly
and you have a movie
let's hear it
jim kappa
jim cada via the kirk thomas gymnastics karate movie from the eighties
who was in the kirk thomas
yet via the olympic gymnast
not the guy that the basketball player i know not not not the guy from the next
okay
uh...
so it was uh...
so what it was a is a combination of of what a martial arts and
gymnastics
yet a complete of it was that he was a special agent who did uh... a gymnast
and he had to travel to some fictional central Asian country
uh... and compete in this decathlon thing
so that the u.s. government could place a missile facility there or something
but uh... the thing about the movie was that
there was just gymnastics equipment in every possible scene
uh...
so there's this there's this one scene where he's like in a leper colony or
something
and he's fighting like fifty guys
and he gets backed into an alley and there's a pommel horse there
so it just it's just reminisce of how you do you think i can't really let it
i came to disaster
has been a little too clever
jim kata that's not a good game
sorry buddy
fm you you're on the air
hey tom is a common often
tom in austin how are you
very good how are you doing okay
filled with the topic uh... for you i will
i got uh...
the game we can bundle with the smoking abandoned
what is it
the cannonball run game
imagine that it's kind of a multiplayer
online yes that would be an online game that be so great
you know i don't know
uh...
well
around
now
already got jaciel and cnf there's no character named or i played jay j
uh... sorry
jay j mccluor yes
no character named burr rentals in a thing although there would be a roger
more character
that he actually went by his name in a lot of the movie
roger mole
wasn't he uh...
the more goldfarb jinger
but he was kept telling everybody that he was
roger more
but i think it
it's a game i love it
is a home run
home run
fm you you're on the air
Oh howdy, who's this?
How you doing?
Doing okay?
This is Jonathan from Cedar Grove.
What can I do for you Jonathan?
Uh, you know, I hear you guys talking about games and all that stuff and then I got to
think in, you know, competition.
I don't understand why there's so much.
Everything's about competition.
Hmm.
Good to see you're in the spirit of things.
I don't know, I just started meditating and that's what they preach there.
always like everything's about competition okay and how do they I got no
time for this goodbye yeah you know irks me about that guy he went on the way he
went after the buzzer he actually called in after the buzzer to say that yes you
gets me about this thing. So it's all about competition.
You know, it's a meditating thing. And it's all about the
thing they're saying it's all about competition. So
guys, showing up drunk, you stop off with the TGI Fridays,
where it goes to the meditation place. All right, let's
serve meditating.
D.B. the guy who falls asleep. Everybody else is trying to meditate. Here's some guy snoring.
Thumbs down on that guy. That call was a flop. That guy was the biggest flop of the night.
In a night of success, and this was a night of success, that guy is the only blemish
on an otherwise flawless evening.
And I say, thank you, best show callers.
You stepped up to the plate, and you delivered on that topic.
Oh, that guy got me so mad.
about that guy now. You know it gets me talking about video games and stuff. It's a competition.
Yeah, it's generally what happens in video games. It's all about competition.
It comes down, but that kind of penalty box should ban that guy.
Wish I had some info on that guy, that frees him out, never get through again.
Cedar Grove, anybody ever calls from Cedar Grove again?
Anyone in Cedar Grove is banned because of that guy.
An entire town takes the fall now because of one man's folly.
One man's folly has condemned an entire town.
I will not lift that ban unless the mayor of Cedar Grove himself calls and begs me to.
Then I will consider it.
Dom, I'm furious about that.
Okay, I got under my skin.
What happens if you take Paul McCartney,
Ron Wood,
Kenny Jones
Ronnie Lane
Ian McCroggin
And Rod the mod and put them all together. What do you get?
You get this there's another number net on the nays man
Oh, baby, I'm amazed at the way You love me all the time
Baby, I'm afraid of the way I love you
Baby, I'm amazed at the way you flew me out of time
Why you hold me on the line
Baby, I'm amazed at the way I really need you
Every I'm a matter, baby, I'm a lonely man who said nothing a lot of something
And he doesn't really understand
Every I'm a matter, baby, I'm the only one who could ever help me
If you want to try to understand
Baby, I'm a man and baby, I'm a lonely man who's in the middle of the sun
Daddy doesn't really hide the sleep
Baby, I'm a violent baby, I'm a only one who could have won
Baby, won't you try to understand
Baby, I'm amazed at the way you're with me all the time
Baby, I'm afraid of the way I leave you
Baby, I'm amazed at the way you have to sing a song
You write me when I'm wrong
Baby, I'm amazed at the way I really need you
You
Baby, I'm a lonely person in the middle of something
Daddy doesn't wear me on this way
Baby, I'm a mad man, baby, I'm a lonely one of you
Baby, I want you, honey, I want you
To try to understand
I just want you to try to understand
Oh, oh, oh.
You're right, guys, thank you.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Yeah.
Best shows back.
That's right.
one song musical break. That's stuff to talk about. Keep it moving. Best show
don't rest on its laurels. There's war. There's war. Here it is. Tom versus
everybody. That might be the slogan for the show for the year. Tom V.
everybody. If you like that on a sticker, Tom V. everybody. We just heard maybe
Maybe I'm amazed.
The face is doing a cover of Paul McCartney's, maybe I'm amazed.
Already a great song.
I took it.
These guys took it through the roof.
201, 209, 9368.
Give me some new, I need a slogan for 2008 for the show.
I like Tom V. Everybody.
Best show or die?
Still like Tom V. Everybody.
What about, uh, get ready to meet my little friend?
I like that one too, so let me just put up in the chat, which is not how you should do
it by the way, call up!
201-209-9368
because people run this chat like they think that's the show
that's not the show the show does not exist in the chat
the chat is a fine compliment to the show but you got something
you pick up your phone 201-209-9368
I like Tom V. Everybody
F.M.U. you're on the air.
Hey Tom.
Yes.
It's Officer Tom.
Hey, how are you?
Not too bad.
Better than I deserve.
Better than you deserve.
Thank you.
Good day Ramsey.
Thank you.
Good day Ramsey.
Thank you.
No Dave Ramsey.
Dave Ramsey.
Dave Ramsey.
Yeah, that's a financial show. Yes. Is that what he says? That's what he says. So you got a little bit of noise in the background. It's all right. You're working. Yeah, I am. I am. But I have a potential candidate for a slogan for the for the new year. Let's hear it.
The best show you want the truth you can't handle the truth. I like that. I like that.
Thank you. You know what? I don't like it. I love it. I love it. All right, man. This
is my little two cents. Thank you. I'm out here. Sure. You're out there fighting a
good fight. Always. And carry in a torch of the best show. Thank you. Anytime. As well
As a throw down weapon
Have a good night
FM you you're on the air. Hi Tom. How are you tonight? I'm doing okay. Who's this? This is and I'm calling from Providence and from Providence
How are our things in Providence? Oh, they're they're delightful. Thanks. It's a scary city
Right very small you know a little scary because I'm still here a lot of edge in the air up there. Yeah, exactly angry people
Very. So do you have a slogan for me? I do. I do. From the amazing movie
Hackers, mess with the best, die like the rest. Hold on a minute. Mess with the
best, die like the rest. Exactly. I like that. Can someone write these down?
Yeah, that's like Hackers slogan, but yeah, you can easily use it. I hope somebody can
write these down for me mess with the best die like the rest that sounds like
it would come from it sounds like an evil pizza parlor would have that right
exactly mess with like it really until like if Henry Rollins ran a pizza place
yeah he would have that on the box yeah big time in big letters black flag pizza
mess with the best I like the rest what do you want okay a medium pie with a
sausage okay nice I love it I'd eat there you know who deliver the pizza
Sal who Sal their final base player black flag perfect thank you all right
thank mmm FM you you're on the air yeah hello this is Chris calling from Brooklyn
Chris in Brooklyn what part of Brooklyn Windsor tariff I don't know that's not a
real part we're really what party in uh... park flow there you go
but i don't know i got a wrong on the first part
you know there's a new neighborhood in brooklyn they're actually over this
called weirdo heights
not having heard about that one
uh... winter care i think it's an old one i don't think it's a new uh...
real estate they should rename it weirdo heights
okay i'll uh... i'll put that up at the next neighborhood meeting board
kickball gardens
Right?
Huh?
Freeze tag.
Yeah.
Oh.
That's the new thing.
Freeze tag.
Didn't you now?
Get ready.
Try to get your sneak.
Get your go to the store by asking for the fastest pair of sneakers they sell.
All right.
Right?
Yeah.
Freeze tag.
Told you.
Ducked up goose.
Ducked up goose league.
You ready?
Yeah.
Play in the middle of McCarron Park playing duck duck goose
Right then go over to Turkey's nest
Father the old old timers
Nest is the most aptly named bar that I've been in I think I wouldn't say that that no it shouldn't be good
Turkey's nest shouldn't be the name of that place
They that's not a most accurate name. No, that's not the most accurate name. No, what would you call it the drags the drags?
Yeah, that would be a more accurate name for that place
Yeah, but it'd be harder to get people to come in the door that way. No, we're just
I'm not I'm not one of my mom. Oh, what am I Donnie Deutsch now? I'm marketing the place
Sure off my phone. I don't care what your suggestion is slogan
Yeah, put me under the microscope. I'll put you under the microscope. Maybe that's a slogan
You do Mike knows that guy
Yeah
Wait, he he's uh, he just ate some astroturf the big fan of the show big fan of the show with a mouthful of astroturf
Yes, we play the best show on astroturf
I like how people consider that to be like, oh, yeah, you hung up on me was that was so cool
Really? I was being a complete jerk and I'm getting rewarded for that
Tom v. Everybody
goes back to that please somebody write these all down people in the chat have
some nice ones going up be nice if they pick the phone up told me them rather
than me have to read them shut your mouth because it's Tom's turn to talk
we did it I like we did it again that's what I had thought about
we did it again in the to win it now
sorry I don't need nobody
well what am I the jerk now
201 209 9368 I need some some slogan ideas
I like Tom V. Everybody so far.
I'm going to read part of this fan fiction written by John from Maplewood.
It's a story called Where Turkey's Dare.
I'll read the first half tonight,
and I'll leave you a cliffhanger for next week.
It had snowed that day, and the hate pit was frigid.
Now evening had descended, and Jeff Garland was busy looking for twigs to keep the pit
fire lit.
Bob Saggot looked on, offering no assistance.
Hey, Jeff, what do you call a nun in a humidor?
Shut up, Bob!
Jeff was in no mood for Bob or his debauched revelry.
If it wasn't a filthy joke, then Bob was pitching his follow-up to farce of the penguins.
The new movie had something to do with a horse that could perform surgery and it was called
stable condition.
The thought was enough to make Jeff wince.
Bob simply dismissed Jeff as humorless and retreated down one of the pit's darker catacombs,
the one that emptied out into the television viewing area.
television Tom Sharpling was a cruel overlord putting family guy on infinite
loop and spot-welting the controls to the television casing but in a way Bob
found the repetitive noise from the television soothing it allowed him to
drift off to cancel everybody else out for brief periods of time he could
Don't forget Jerry Seinfeld's constant demands for everyone to build him a car out of rocks,
ash, and twigs.
He could forget Mickey Dolan's requests for people to shake his pinky finger.
Of course, that little move had backfired horribly on Mickey a few days earlier.
Mickey had proposed the pinky shake to a ravenous Jeff Garland and promptly lost that
digit.
Bob was in his own little world when a noise grabbed his attention.
He looked around and noticed that the sound had grabbed the attention of the others as
well.
The sound was coming from above, and the pit inhabitants were all looking up.
It was not an abnormal sound.
People hear it every day.
What was abnormal was its proximity.
It was close, damn close.
It was a helicopter.
After another ten seconds, a high wind blew and a blaring light shined down.
The helicopter was clearly hovering, but why?
What new madness did Tom have in store for them, Bob thought?
How much more could they take?
The next sound was an amplified click followed by crippling feedback.
A man's voice boomed, but it was not Tom's.
Listen up.
A ladder is about to be lowered into your pit.
Bob's saggot is to climb the ladder.
No one else should attempt to climb the ladder.
If anyone else attempts to follow Mr. Saget, tear gas will be deployed."
A latter immediately unfurled into the pit right next to Bob.
The only feeling running through him was fear.
He thought that leaving the pit for any reason, even death, would bring with it its unspeakable
exaltation.
But no.
He'd become strangely comfortable in his new surroundings.
Stock home syndrome, perhaps.
He looked at the other hate-pin inhabitants one last time.
They looked back full of all the bile and venom that had gotten them there in the first
place.
Move it Bob!
Time is of the essence!
Bob broke his gaze, looked up and began to climb.
Before he was even half way up, and just after he had broken past the lip of the pit, the
helicopter lurched forward.
It was moving frighteningly fast within seconds.
Moments earlier, Tom Sharpling had been inside his trailer park, trailer park, sucking on
a bottle of Boone's farm country quencher, watching the blooper reel from Strotzik.
Dogmo had noticed the sound outside even before the pit alarm had been activated.
sprang from the couch, blew out the votive candles around the life-sized Kevin Smith poster,
and grabbed his crossbow.
With one hand gripping the weapon, he used his other hand to vault over his kitchen table.
He burst through his screen door head first.
He was too late.
The helicopter was already out of firing range.
Tom was angry, but he was also fascinated.
Who had the nerve and the resources to pull off a nighttime aerial pit raid?
Was the FBI involved?
The Yakuza?
Dogmo growled.
Tom spat on the ground and discussed and wiped his mouth with the hairy...what?
The hairy side of his forearm.
Unlike that.
He'd find the punk or punks who had taken what was his.
You may fool Tom once, but then, inevitably, you turfed out.
A local monkey's fan had tried to pull Dolan's out of the pit last year with a spool of discarded
shock cord.
That monkey's fan had ended up running away with a limp, holding his shirt to his swollen
lip, trying not to swallow his own teeth.
That's all I'm going to read for tonight.
Next week I will read the exciting conclusion of where Turkey is there.
Best show fan fiction written by John from Maplewood.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi, it's Andy from Manhattan.
Andy, how are you?
I'm pretty good.
Do you ever take calls from Manhattan?
Other than mine?
Yes.
OK, well, I just haven't heard any, that's all.
But I had a slogan.
Yeah.
Power trip, much, eh?
No, not much.
No?
What neighborhood you live in?
The West Village.
You should have seen what Cloverfield did to your neighborhood.
You should have seen.
Go ahead.
Well, the slogan is too big to fail.
too big to fail yes or that show too big to fail i don't know about that that
implies like i'm uh... like i'm harry knolls or something
what am i uh... john goodman
what's what might be mac
what's wrong with being harry knoll
stay in manhattan
fm you you're on the air
i was calling with the program early
and what is your name
on the andrew south orange
andrew south orange let's hear it
Alright, it's uh, the best show in 08. You just got James again.
Well, let's get it again, dude, let's get, dude, let's get, dude, let's get it again.
Hey, James. Yeah, I'm listening.
Next week, I'm giving out the awards.
I did it again.
You might want to put on a nice, uh, suit.
For what? I'll get the award for the next best show host.
I did it again. You got James.
That's so sad.
You know what I'm saying? That's the highlight of his week.
He's going to tell everybody about that.
I see this guy in his Facebook page, his sad sack.
He's got so little to live for.
Apparently he lives in a college row house,
and he's 32 years old and lives in a college row house.
I think it's like the basement of a frat house he lives in.
You know what?
Knock yourself out, buddy.
That's the life you chose.
Knock yourself out.
So I went to the movies the other day, now I did not see first Sunday, I could not get
tickets to it.
I waited and waited, I even had a guy who had good connections make a call, he could
not get me into first Sunday.
I went to see the movie called There Will Be Blood.
You gotta see, people talking in the chat, James is in the chat now, trying to be a big
shot over at friendsoftom.com.
You gotta see this guy's Facebook page.
It should just be called an anatomy of a failure.
He has a total flop.
He like made up a girlfriend and made up friends on it.
Hey, small change, you have the guests?
Hey, Mike, can you ask small change if he has guests?
I'll buzz him in if he does.
I am buzzing them in.
Very exciting.
We'll find out who those guest star will announce that later.
So anyway, I guess in this movie, there will be blood.
First of all, they show a preview in the trailers.
They show a trailer, first of all, for that movie Funny Games.
I'll tell you right now, that movie seems so pleased with itself.
Like it has these, it has like these like buzz words cut in like sexy, dangerous.
And one of them was like brilliant, brilliant, I mean be the judge of that.
Tell me it's brilliant.
Funny games.
I will never see that movie.
Isn't it fun watching a family get tortured?
Isn't that a funny game?
That's sick.
Sicko made that movie. Yeah. Who made it? The guy made Strozic. From the guys who brought
you Strozic. From the guys who brought you Strozic and knocked up. Like if one of the
guys who worked on like if a guy from Strozic teamed up with a guy like with Judd Apatow.
From the guys who brought you knocked up and strode-sick.
I'm coming to this town to kill myself.
It was like a crazy comedy.
I'm going to take out the million dollar insurance policy and then kill myself.
now now now don't bring me down so they show another trailer for this rolling
stones documentary that is directed by Martin Scorsese what a thrill ride that
looks like rolling stones are all they're all 95 years old they played the
beacon theater. They're trying to make it look like it's like it has all this
artificial drama in it where it's like if Mick stands too close to the thing he's
gonna get burned like okay it's fair enough I'm sure someone will tell him not
to stand too close to the thing like we're seeing these safety explanations
for this. Like, it's not like, oh man, it's not like, look, we know he didn't get
burned. Otherwise we would have heard about that already. But at the time Mick
Jagger was filming the movie and stood too close to the thing and got burned.
But that never was a news story. So I'm assuming he was prepped on where to
stand and we're not to stand but they try to like rig it like it's got all
like like they show speakerphone it's Mick Jagger talking it's like I don't know
if I want one of those cameras that moves a lot because it blocks the
audience's point of view and then like Martin Scorsese's like well you know we
need one of those cameras yeah you have a lot of shots with that camera I would
see that movie more to just see Martin Scorsese make that movie
then to watch these guys like
plodd through those songs
wow i really need to hear uh...
those guys do uh...
like them's uh... sleep walk through sympathy for the devil again
and that creep uh... jac white is in it
that uh... that uh... that worm from the white stripes
and it's like
saw him in the thing then they showed christina agular doing a song with
the mikjagger
which i hope they would shoot their doing state of shock
which is the only song i want to see him do
the song he did with the uh... jackson's
was a good song
I would have bet everything.
When are they gonna cut to the old blues guy?
And of course, there's some old blues guy on stage.
Who was that, Mike?
Can you look that up?
Just like, you knew they were,
you knew they just like were gonna
trot some guy out who's probably actually younger
than them at this point.
And the mood it's like they're gonna do songs. They've met some of these songs. They've never done live before
Why there's a selling point
Yeah, I gotta go I go as a thing I gotta see the what are they gonna do in another land
from
From um, uh, satanic magisies request, fly Bill Wyman and have him sing that one
So that's neither here nor there
That trailer
So I watched this movie there will be blood
AKA the Tom Sharpling story I
Never related more to a movie of my whole life
I felt like I was watching my own life unfurl set for the part that took place a hundred years ago
All that stuff and all the oil. I have nothing to do with oil in my life
What do I got I got a competition inside me that's what it is
Got a competition in me. I'm why I'm watching this thing
When he did that speech where he's like, I want no one else to succeed, it's how I feel.
But every other one of these goofball, these podcasts, want to take these guys who do other
podcast of ram their face in the oil and that ground I can slap them around a bunch
right then mash their face into the oil soaked dirt teach them a lesson I related
for everything I relate to all of it I will say maybe my words as someone just
set in the chat. Maybe my words are the oil. And a particular topic is like us trying to
find a new setting up a new rig. But this movie, I didn't like it. My lab debt is the
The best movie, this is at the highest level.
This movie.
People say I can plane.
This is the best thing I've seen in ages.
And this is a good year for movies too.
Good year, it was in the good year for movies, Mike.
Not pretty good, sorry.
Yeah, pretty good.
you got this, there will be blood, you got no country for old men, you got zodiac, those
three are, those are going to be, those are going to stand the test of time, those three.
Diving bone the butterflies great, that's a good year, we're pretty good as Mike says.
what's that yeah they do make a lot of movies and most are junk but you know
what that's how it's been since the beginning of time you just the junkie
movies are gone no one kept the no one the film has crumbled but you got put
this Paul Thomas Anderson who's always been one of my favorites this guy took it
up to the next level now. He's at the highest level. He's writing this stuff and directing
it. This guy just broke. He broke from the pack now. How do you think that makes a guy
like Quentin Tarantino feel? This guy was Quentin Tarantino was supposed to be where
he is. He's busy doing his stupid
tribute, a junky tribute to junky
movies. This guy's living, look at the
gutter that he's working in. He's
watching this other guy make the, this
guy's just put one for the ages. Try
watching Pulp Fiction anytime soon by
the way. It's like eating a, it's like
eating some stale snacks.
Right?
No.
Small change disagrees.
No, no, no, no.
It's off the time.
It's off the time.
Yeah.
You go see it, it's like a
it's like a guy walking around in the bell bib the vote pants.
Right?
Quinton Tarantino, that's a child now. He's a child, Quinton Tarantino. Paul Thomas Anderson, it's a grown-up.
This guy's putting his thumbprint on everything.
Quinton Tarantino is in a sandbox now.
The Quentin Tarantino did that.
There will be blood.
Who would he have starring in that?
We put a horse shack as a star of it.
with Tony Danza
so I say kudos to you
Paul Thomas Anderson
you did it
again
five movies
they're all great
And I know Mike was complaining about the end, which I will not ruin for people, not
going to ruin the end.
I got no problem with the end of the movie, I thought it was awesome.
and
if you're on the air
all right on that this is why for men hadn't
roy for men hadn't
yes how are you right
yeah i'm good i'm good on the other guy who calls for men hadn't every once in
a while so
Um, actually, uh, you're talking about Paul Thomas Anderson and Quinn Tarantino.
Yeah.
Interesting tidbit.
Daniel Day Lewis actually did fight to get into Pulp Fiction in the role of, uh, that
Benson Vega, but Quinn Tarantino chose John for, for Volta for that role.
So, uh, just want to call on and make that, uh, connection there.
Well, that's an, I didn't know that it was an interesting tidbit.
Yeah.
You know what though?
What's that? I'm glad he's not and I'm glad Daniel Day Lewis isn't in it. Oh me too
yeah absolutely. Who's who? You know Quent Tarantino what would you put
Juan Epstein as a star of who's making there will be blood? Yeah or Mr. Woodman
maybe. Yeah Mr. Woodman would have been the star of it.
Listen I got a competition in me. Although that guy Mr. Woodman was a
a pretty good actor
i gotta admit
he pray probably put purple carlick in it
whatever he remembers from being a kid
and no more june oh hate on the show
done with it
made over a hundred million
god bless you
everybody get rich
Everybody get rich and all of you who like it. I
Said it before I'll say it again over the next three years
When you see every fourth and fifth and sixth-grade Juno
quote-unquote comedy coming out
Remember don't blame me. I fought the good fight. I
fought the good fight
Tom versus everybody
rings truer now than ever
tom v everybody that's gonna be the slogan for two thousand eight
you like that one mike
i think that one's got legs
yeah so john ratson burger you probably have john ratson burger uh... do is
cliff clavin voice
uh... there will be blood
talking about milkshakes
there will be tom what about that there will be tom
you like that mike
there will be time i don't have it's going to run its course of
that's going to be it's going to be too early
so i go to this uh... restaurant the other day meeting a uh... at this
restaurant
there's a guy at the table across from me these are the things you over here
this guy's sitting it was a four people to table two couples
and this guy is talking and you know you overhear something and it's that you
just wish you knew what the
conversation was about
but you hear that one sliver that makes you just go oh my goodness
what was what's going on over there
and as soon as i heard this
i took out uh... uh... a pen
and wrote it down
this guy said
and i quote
i'd love to go see time daily of course
but i also want to watch the super bowl
but i could not figure out
he said this i could not figure out what time it's going to be on
i look for an hour online and i could not figure out what time the super bowl
is going to be on
unbelievable
yeah you know what though
you as somebody might want to excuse the guy he was not young that was not young
Sky this guy does not get off the hook with that statement if you're able to go on the internet
You're able to find a site that tells you what time the Super Bowl starts and
Also, I just want to make has he never seen any Super Bowl before
This is his first time giving himself over to the Super Bowl experience
What time is this thing on 9 a.m?
What's a guy you know, let's this guy lived over in
the Soviet Union, and wasn't sure what time it was on.
Super Bowl's on at 4 in the morning over there.
I'm not sure what time it's on in America.
I'd never experienced a Super Bowl before.
Then he starts moaning all about the election,
about uh...
not sure who he was going to vote for but he was complaining about barack
obama
who i'm told is one of the candidates
and he was saying
that he uh...
he made this point where he's like a little bar a barack obama the one thing
that he doesn't have is this experience
and that uh...
george w bush whatever you think of him
his father was president and he was able to
pull
the people that his father had made connections with
to give him the wisdom
and the the the guidance from the experience that they had
and
barack obama does not have those
those same connections
well who
goes in the white house can pick anyone
experience
not what you just got a higher uh...
this uh... people off the street
sky was definitely jumping through some hoops to uh...
to bring down a barack obama
and the people the table arguing with them and he went
he literally went
like one of those to just like
i don't want to talk about this anymore because i'm starting to get
proof wrong
you know people argue when they're digging a hole and it gets deeper and
deeper and they finally get that point where they just like, I don't want to have to completely
say I'm wrong here.
So let's just, only two minutes left in tonight's best show on WFMU.
How about that?
Three hours.
Where do they, who knows where the time goes, right, Mike?
Who knows where.
That's like a Fairport convention said.
Who knows where the time goes
Very exciting next week we will have the best show awards
Best caller worst caller
Rookie of the year lifetime achievement award
Most common
Biggest weirdo
Biggest sad sack. I gotta write that down. Biggest sad sack. I can tell you who
might want to put a biggest sad sack and also most delusional. Most
delusional should be a category. Unfunniest caller. There you go. It's like someone
might be in for a Titanic level sweep. Biggest joy killer. Thank you, Mike. I'll tell you,
James might want to make sure he's wearing a nice outfit. This guy's going to bring home
We were bringing Satchel to carry all those awards. Are we good?
Okay. Do you have a special guest tonight?
Do you want to denounce it?
Okay, well everybody stay tuned for a special
Small change is gonna make an announcement during his show nickel and dime radio coming up next
He's got a special guest in studio. You'll find out more about that in a matter of moments
I always have my hand here three hours. My finger sits right there
I wouldn't know where to put my thumb otherwise
Okay, WFMU East Orange, WXHD Mount Hope Worldwide on the World Wide Web at WFMU.org.
This has been the best show on WFMU.
Doing it.
We did it.
Another one in the books.
You did it again, Tom.
How do you do it?
How do you do it?
I am like that guy in that there will be blood.
I don't want anyone else to win.
Mike tells me he goes to do another radio show.
I'll lose it.
He's competition.
Like if Mike was going to do his own podcast or something.
Competition.
He's out.
WFMU, East Orange.
WXH E-Man, I hope I said this already.
So I'll say it again.
WFMU, East Orange.
WXH E-Man, I'm more, blah, blah, blah.
WFMU.org. This has been the best show on WFMU. We will be back next Tuesday. Stay tuned for
nickel and dime radio. With small change.