is it time? is this the show? can I start? I'm not sure if you start now. I don't know
is this a show? I'm not sure if this is begun or not. I'm not sure. Is this on?
Yeah. It looks like it is. I don't know what to do with that. Yeah. Not sure what's going on here.
I don't know. Is this the show?
Hello?
Is this the program? I don't know.
Do I start?
I guess I could start.
Is this it?
It's not. Okay. I thought this is it.
It's not the show.
What is it? It's like I'm pointing out before.
Oh, it is the show. I'm sorry.
Hey everybody. This is the best show on WFMU.
I'm your host for tonight, Gene.
Getting ready.
A lot of stuff planned.
Oh, let's go ahead and press this.
I guess this one?
Is this the one?
No, not...
Ahhhhhh!
S radio show, ever.
Hey, who's this?
Well, I am by the trail of governor of Alabama.
Hi, it's, uh, Gerald Perlmutter.
Tom Sharpling, governor of party.
Hey, Tom, it's purple sir.
Hey, Tom, it's Mark Michaels.
This is Richard Clark.
What's your name?
Barry.
Barry.
And, well, what's inside the two?
Firecracker, why?
Maurice Kurtz.
Horrifying.
Hey, Tom, it's Bruce.
Tony!
Who's this?
Genji Vitis.
Yes, they have ring polarity at the wall.
I go to wood.
I hate you.
It's Peter.
Hey, it's Steinberg.
Mm-hmm.
Do all creepy, and I'm hanging upon you.
Boing.
Roger Deppin.
My name is Ollie Fairnock.
I'll say it.
You'll hear it.
You'll do it.
I'll get it.
You'll learn it.
I'll live with it, and you'll die without it.
Smash your trash.
There it comes.
Good day.
What's up, Thomas?
It's Tristan.
Hey, it's Michelle.
Yes, Tom.
This is Jim Riffle.
How you doing?
When I get to do the toilet talk now.
It's the Bardville of the New Century.
My name is Tom Riley.
I'm calling from New Zealand.
Hey, man, it's bright.
Ten pauls, that's ten pauls, it's a ten pauls show.
Hey, this is Tedlya.
Whaaaaaaat?
This is Pete from the Future.
Hi, Tom, it's DJ Terry Chase.
Hey, from Knoxville.
Supercooler.
It's off to Tom.
My name is Mike Zajak.
Get off my phone, I don't care.
Hey, this is Ippi Panz, man.
I'm going to go to bed now, bye, friend.
Hey, Tom, it's Gordon.
Hey, Gordon.
How are you?
I was in a band in the early 1990s.
My name's Jerry Page.
I'm finding this Jeffrey Ludell. It's a fat disease while the ragged night isn't it?
The disenfranchised have a home now. I'm the hero of the disenfranchised.
I'm holding some water in the back shell
I'm telling you that I'm in the back shell
I'm telling you that I'm in the back shell
I'm telling you that I'm wearing a glass of paper
I'm sitting on my own
I'm holding you that I'm wearing a glass of paper
I'm holding you that I'm in the back shell
I'm telling you that I'm wearing a glass of paper
I'm holding you that I'm wearing a glass of paper
There's been a lot more, but there's no too much
And there's no other side to this dark in the morning, that's a side fact
Now you can calm down, to be crazed out and to be loved
But I walk to the stone, to the names we have made in their own nature
Now I'm here, I want the train, we'll start to crack you
I'm back home, I'm coming home in the age of five to eight
I'll be your love
So I'm calling it a horn
To angels, to an innocent general
To a star
And the glaze on an intricate rock
And black children
I'll be a girl
Some of those black clothes
With red fries in her hair
And we won't create our love
To the day when it's true
And we won't be there
We'll make sure for now
And we'll make sure for tomorrow
And the possibility of a toy in a stream of a sorrow
I'm playing it out with a table of farts who will come in back home
I'm trying it out for the angels far too late
You may not be your own own
I'm calling it out for the angels to reminisce
I'm telling you about despair
In the great yard and into gear
Here I am black and running and I'll be there
Look up for a street, look up in your eyes
Wake up to your future and you'll break
Night, sky
You're in a hard, detainable, far too rockin', you're back in
I'm comin' on an angel, far too rainin', I'll be callin' on
I'm comin' on an angel, still I miss, general despair
And the flames on it ain't much again, I'm in black air with it, I'll be there
I'm comin' on an angel, and I'm comin' back in the blue
Disrecurrying danger when I'm in your formally..."
And if you don't wanna meet me when I'm full strong enough
In the grains of integer-tier CR Cesaro thee I'll be there
Okay.
Okay.
You had all the time, you wanted it, you had all the time, you needed it
You had all gone to make a girl laugh
Don't push your face back when I'm alive
Is it all? Is it all?
Why about one? Why about all?
Can I stay? Should I stay?
I can't wait to get one back to know
Well, hey, all you try, do you have to do?
You're gonna make me cry, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Don't make me cry, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
I've got a heart to say
Is it all?
No, it's all?
Never one
Never one
Got the truth of heaven
Talkin' about the truth
Yes, I can't wait
I can't wait
I don't know what to do with me
I've been a part of the family
You, you, oh
I've been a part of the family
Well, I know what you're trying to do
This'll be a new baby
You are all
The dark
You ain't the place I
To tell the things that you don't know
You see it all, you see it all
I love you when I'm out of heart
I love you when I'm out of heart
I love you when I stay
I love you when I stay
I love you when I get away
I love you when I get away
You're not in your mind, you're not in your mind
Give me back in my eyes, you're not in your eyes
You're not in your disguise, you're not in your mind
You're not in your mind, you're not in your mind
But I love you
So now I know it's alright
It's in here with all of you down
You're all me watching, and there's no stopping you
I'm in love with you
I'm in love with you
You
I'm free to do a new one, give me your old ten
So love me, hold it, love me, hold it, I'm free
Any old time, to get what I want
I'm free to sing my song
Though it gets out of time
I'm free to sing my song
Though it gets out of time
So love me
Oh man
Love me
Oh man
I'm free
In the old time, things are gettin' fine
Love me, love me
Oh, let the down pray, any old time, to keep what I want
I pray, to choose who I pray, any old time
I pray, to praise who I choose, any old time
If I'm you, you're on the air.
Hey Tom.
Hey Tom.
Yeah.
Hey, hey, can I ask you a question?
Yeah.
Where are you from?
I'm from New York City.
New York City, what the alternate universe of New York City?
No, no, I'm around.
Sit down, you.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
And wait on Sixth Avenue.
hey isn't it isn't that where that uh...
that voice school that went out of business is located
what are you talking about
this one
there was that
the music that you play on the radio there
there was a
but i don't know about you
there was a voice school that went out of business because it was uh...
it was the one time magazine wrote a article saying it was the worst voice
uh... impression school
I just want to know why you don't play any land zapping out and show. That's all.
Hey, how old are you, really?
What? How old are you?
How old am I?
Yeah.
I'm 63.
Tom.
How old?
I'm 63.
You're 63.
Yes, sir.
Oh, this is just horrifying.
This phone call.
This is just the worst phone call of everybody.
Congratulations for doing you, whoever you are, for doing the worst phone call in the history of radio.
Yeah, I don't proud of myself. Can't say you're so much.
You shouldn't be proud, though.
Yeah, I'm so happy.
You should be ashamed.
Go look in the mirror.
What?
Go look in the mirror right now. Is there a mirror in your apartment?
Yes.
Right here.
What street do you live on again?
I live on 6th Avenue.
And what?
And what?
Twenty-two three.
Six Avenue and twenty-third street, really.
Yeah, sir.
Hey, any record stores in that area?
Yes, sir.
What?
What?
Name one of them.
Nitto!
Inversion record stores and down by Times Square.
Well, around six Avenue and twenty-third street, is there like any cool record store in that area?
No, it's not a cool record store down there.
Hey, is there any, uh...
What?
Where's your...
Where's the closest movie theater?
I don't know!
Why is that? Is it just a phone?
Oh, damn you!
We're in a region for the top show
There isn't any debate
Don't wait for the future for the future
The first show, double your weapon
The first show, double your weapon
The first show
All righty, and the Turlet, chosen L, already.
All right, let's get this over with.
Oh hey, how you doing? Who's this? It's like...
I guess.
Wow. Sounds lively.
I'm almost lively.
You are? How are you tonight?
I'm just keeping my friend, I know the deal.
Company here.
Your friend?
Yes, I do have friends Tom
What is your friend saying I Nez? I Nez Adele, okay?
And what what is I Nez Adele is that a
That like a like a like a blue elephant
What it's a human being. Oh, so you're your imaginary friends human being that's that's uh, that's clever. I
I would have thought you would have created something a little more imaginative, but that's fine.
Makes sense.
If I do have friends, I mean of the real variety.
Okay, and how are you doing tonight?
Are you excited?
Are you excited about the summer coming up?
Yes.
What plans do you owe for the summer?
Oh, other than the usual stop I plan on going away.
Where does a spike vacation?
Oh, I only go to big cities.
Okay.
I don't do small towns like Chicago, LA, or I've never been to LA, but Chicago.
So Chicago or LA, but not LA?
No, I've never been to LA.
Why don't you do LA this year?
I should.
I really should.
Or San Francisco, never been there either.
And how do you do that? Do you figure out where the freight trains are going?
Oh no, I would fly. I wouldn't take the train.
Well, how do you do that? Like Waldo Jeffers, you check yourself in a package?
No, you go to the airport with an awful person.
And you get on a plane. I mean you have to go to that security business brother than that you get on a plane. I'd like to
Now this package
So
So you might fly you have not decided on where you will be vacationing what lucky city will be the recipients of spike
Probably if not LA or San Francisco probably Chicago or probably DC
Okay. For possibly Yonkers.
Why do you go to Yonkers? I wouldn't spend any significant amount of time there.
I usually go to Yonkers to shop.
What month will you be vacationing?
August.
Oh.
Very exciting. And then do you drive?
I used to. I gave up my car.
I'm going to say, strike Los Angeles from your list then.
And why is that?
Because you need a car to get around there.
What are you going to huff it?
Take the bus.
You can always walk the pendulum, I'm calling.
You can't walk in Los Angeles.
Depends on where you go, you'll stay in the three block radius.
Wow.
That's an unwalkable city.
Unwalkable.
Well, Chicago isn't. I've been to Chicago.
And there's mass trends at all over the place.
Right. I also walk to where I was going.
Yeah. Good luck with Los Angeles doing that.
Oh, no. I probably won't. Well, probably go to Chicago if not these things.
And what's the appeal about Chicago?
Oh, well, I've been in Oprah.
Oprah, you're going to go to a taping?
Well, if she's doing taping, take the time that I'm going.
What have you got to go to that one where they give away all the stuff?
Oh, if I'm lucky, maybe I'll get to go to the show where she gives away cars.
That'd be fantastic.
Right, she gave away stuff you could furnish your dungeon with, like a Raymore and Flanagan gift card?
I wouldn't use that for the dungeon.
I'm sure the people at Raymore and Flanagan are breathing a huge sigh of relief knowing
that you will not be furnishing your dungeon with their furniture.
Oh, wasn't it a squeaky chair?
Oh, yeah, I have to get a new chair.
Time, huh?
Mm-hmm.
Time to get that 14-4 modem.
New chair.
The upgrade to 28-8.
Yes, I think it's time to update the chair.
Yes. Do the internet next year, right?
No, it will be sooner than that.
You're going to upgrade your internet?
Excuse me?
You're going to upgrade your internet sooner than that?
No, my internet's fine. I have no problem.
My internet's just a chair that I'm updating.
You got dial up?
No.
High speed?
Yeah, cable, cable modem.
Who's signal you're leeching off of?
We're not leeching off of acting pay for it. It's time Warner.
Well, fair enough.
Now, are you excited about the political landscape?
Oh, yes, it'd be nice not to have a Republican in the White House.
Yeah, it will be nice not to. Wait, what? Hold on.
Not have a Republican?
That's right.
who do you vote for
if it was uh... if hillary's on the ticket
with obama
well i would vote but i would vote democrat who ever the democrat
uh... candidate as but you're voting for you uh... someone that you have
labeled a manhater then
well if it comes to that then yes
it may be between her
and that
that old man
uh... i guess i'll go with the manhater
what are you going to do when she starts rounding up all men
well they're going to happen but not a lot of us around their necks
planet of the women
that's what i heard was going to happen
heard that was uh... her her first initiative
that's why he's president
i think it's pastriddle men and that what her plan
according to you
what's going to a lot of people not to do that i can't do this
I gotta get this show on track.
We just heard from the best show on WFMU.
Why did I take a call so early?
Why?
Rhythm's all thrown off now.
All thrown off.
Show's already an L.
Let's head over the iron monkey, Mike.
Let's get out of here.
Get me Pangaea.
Go over the iron monkey.
Have, uh, have one of their, uh, summer in the city teenies.
I saw that on the sign outside the iron monkey.
Special drink tonight, summer in the city teeny.
It's a gnat.
Three hours of Mirth Music in mayhem here, best show.
My name's Tom.
I'm the host tonight.
We just heard from the Rolling Stones, I'm free, good stuff, before that cheap time from
their self-titled album, it says rockin' as it gets, what you expect from the in the
red label, falling down, I don't know if that was in the movie or not, I hope so.
Maybe if they do like a 15th anniversary edition, but what would they call that?
call it the falling down the collectible you forgot your briefcase addition because
I always have to put like a line from each from each movie in the whatever the new collectible
edition of the of the DVD is it be like falling down on DVD the 15th anniversary wonder how
How many cans this killed edition?
Before that from libbeep be spoke volume 3.
We heard the bittersweet with is it off, is it on?
starting us off TLRX, deadly on the pharmacists, tell Balgari Balgari is dead, I blur it, so
it's not stupid when I say it wrong, off the hearts of Oak album, saw them last night,
we will talk more about that in a matter of moments, let's go the phones, 201, 209, 9368,
people calling as if open phone Tuesday is as a
uh... existence concept
it's not
you killed it
you took it away
new regime
there it is
before we can begin these calls
i need this
fm you you're on the air
a-thom this is matt from
matt from statin island
i'm a first-time caller
welcome to the show matt
i would just want to talk about uh...
a weird quirk on the NBA finals
a weird quirk on the NBA finals let's hear that
stop the clock
and the final stock
well this is really getting to me and i've been watching every game very
closely yes
after anything that a boston Celtic did
like no matter who the player was it could be
you know pj brown kevin or not anyone
they would cut immediately
like it right after the camera showed it
cut right to kevin or not to show his reaction
like anything from dribbling the ball
getting a rebound anything
and it's just like so annoying because they think like he's this
if he doesn't give approval it doesn't count at all
and every time you know like
jeff and gundee or uh...
mark jackson will back it up with a nice little statement there
you'll get to me about the nba finals i was watching
and uh... you saw the uh... the thing start and it was uh...
it's the uh... boston seltics
versus the los angeles lakers
and it's on uh... tonight i believe
could be the final game
hopefully not
and i'm watching it and i'm saying that so if you know i can't stand the
Celtics
because of the uh...
i guess it's because of the the boston sports fan
the way they they don't need another victory
another thing to to make them worse they've already mutants
it will mutate them further.
And the worst thing is they didn't even know
how weird they are.
You ever talk to one of these people?
They have no idea.
They have no idea how twisted and perverted they are.
They're just going home for their teams.
So I start going, I maybe I'll start rooting
for the Lakers with this thing just by default.
Then all of a sudden I take a look at the Lakers.
I'm like, I can't root for the Lakers.
I hate both teams.
Can't stand either of them, Phil Jackson, I'm supposed to root for that jerk, sitting there.
The guy coaches the Lakers, his big, he's renowned for his coaching skills.
All he does is sit there, never gets up once.
Well they should charge him for that seat.
Those are courtside seats, he's tying up.
This guy just sits there, maybe he does that whistle every once in a while.
Like one of those jerk whistles to not even like whistling with your mouth like whistling with your your pinkies in your mouth
That come that kind of like a tough guy whistle
Hey, when you listen do you listen with the the sound on or sound off to the games?
You know like when you watch on TV. I gotta tell you I can't take that announcing crew either. Yeah
Yeah, that's a wrong dangundi and Jackson fight nonstop over like the smallest things
Everybody's trying to be like the inside the NBA crew. They're all trying to do it
They're all trying to be funny like those guys
Everybody wants to be those guys, but they're not that's the gold standard. Yeah
Ernie Kenny
Charles
Thank you
Fm you you're on the air
LOUD.
Sorry.
Who's this?
This is Laurie.
From Miami.
Yeah.
Home of Roger Stone.
Let's try it.
Who is Roger Stone?
Who is he?
Who is he?
Okay.
So, are we catching up on, uh, my New Yorkers?
This is from the June 2nd issue.
It's the issue after the one wherein Paulus Tompkins is quoted.
Wait, he was quoted in the New Yorker?
Yeah.
yeah i was an article on uh... the largo night
all that's right yes yes
okay so i think about the clock
let me mention paul of tomkins
that that that
so i was
reading this article
on uh... sky roger stone
uh...
he is
insane
well who is he
well he's uh... lobbyist kind of guy he was a
Republican advisor and now he he's like a lobbyist or something like that
But it wasn't really focused like they were just too many crazy things to like get distracted by
Like for example, there are two portraits of him kind of like in the style Richard Avadon as a New York
Her photos are and in the first one. Okay, he's shirtless and the second one. He's shirtless
but it's his back and there's this huge tattoo on his back just below his
neck of Richard Nixon's face and he says regarding that women love it
No, and there's even weirder stuff in there
Like I'm
Because he's into weird stuff. So I'm you this is a family show. So yeah, I'm gonna avoid the bad stuff
But like for example, they said
It was that of him and his wife that they threw raucous parties for almost no reason
Like Calvin college's birthday
This other guy who knows him was talking about how he was obsessed with album plus
their suits and great ties, but now he's moved on.
Now he's into watch fobs and hats.
That's a quote.
Now he's into watch fobs and the hats.
Watch fobs.
Yeah.
Oh, here's one of his rules.
He has a lot of rules.
chart plus tan face equals confidence hold on white shirt plus tan face equals
confident confidence confidence okay yes interesting I don't know the rest are
not really family friendly but I let us not speak of it yeah I it's just about
that Nixon tattoo and that he would actually say women love it now have you
infiltrated seven-second delay I called once yes I couldn't call us
like they weren't taking calls they were they had that party yeah well like I
said in the when they were setting up I said you know I I flew in for a best show
meet up yes no that party yeah what a sad excuse for a party yeah well apparently
this got your roof where I hit scotch a ruse yeah this is madman I don't know it
can make some people he junk like that what are they I don't know oh no I'm a
Oh, sounds out of date.
Yeah.
Oh, Laurie, what are we going to do with you?
I don't know.
You over tonight.
I got to get the show back on track.
There's a deep L right now.
Deep.
I'm telling you.
Is this call going to turn it around?
Mike said, OK.
You said yes.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hello, Tom.
Yes, this is Julie from Cincinnati. Here we go. You're right, Mike
Because that was my stomach growling. Oh, my stomach is growling too
Your show is so funny my stomach just said why are you calling I?
Don't my brain says I don't know
Oh, your dog, what's your dog's name again?
Oh, you know what I wanted to talk about yet?
If she still wants to visit your show and she wants to visit Dogmo, but not at your house.
But she wants to be on your show.
That's prepared to welcome you into my home.
But now that your dog doesn't want to do that, I will take that off the table.
Oh, good.
Good.
Thank you.
Oh, yeah.
I know.
What a relief.
would be creepy. Yeah, it would be creepy for who? You. Yes. Right? Yeah. Well, a little
bit. Yeah. Well, like, because I would be in the soccer role and that would not be creepy
for me, but for you, it would be very creepy. So what's on your mind, Julie? Come on. You
know what? What's going on? Nothing. Uh, I've just been doing outside stuff and I
hit my head and that's it.
That's my little dog, did you hear him?
Yes I did. What did you hit your head on?
The sidewalk. Who are you doing handstands?
No, I fell off the hill and fell off a wall and then I
you fell off a hill and a wall?
Yeah, well the wall is my front yard and
All is at the bottom of my front yard and my dog had escaped and she was mutilating a snake, I mean, not a snake, a snake, and I just flipped her down and hit my head and was weird for a few weeks.
Well, I hope you're okay.
Yeah, thank goodness. My brain wasn't bleeding.
Good. Well, I'm glad you're better. All kidding aside.
Yeah, now I can call every week again.
Yes.
Thank goodness.
Yes, what's going on back there? I'm happy. Yes
Where are you calling from?
From my backyard, but my three-year-old neighbor like my neighbors have toddlers and they escape
Uh-huh, and they're trying to get into my house actually
I've never said this before because I think it's an overused
cliche
But someone should turn your life into a sitcom
Um, I'm not sure about that. It would be kind of boring, but the rest of it would be interesting, like the part of my life that everybody else is like.
Now there's another toddler.
I think it sounds like it would be a combination of, uh, of, uh, Blue Velvet.
And, uh, actually it would just be Blue Velvet.
What?
It would just be like Blue Velvet. I was going to say it's a combination of Blue Velvet and the sitcom.
it come I think it's just blue velvet a half hours worth um half hours of blue velvet per week
would be funny maybe if it was on like NBC oh okay all right goodbye what am I doing here
there's a deep bell the show's irreparable irreparable and you know whose fault it is mine
I went to the phones early I have no idea why you know why I missed last week my rhythm's off
Thank you to Monica for filling in last week.
Yes, Omar just I am to say it would be blue velvet meets the lock orange
So it's not here last week why where was I last week I took the week off
You know what the guy earned it? I earned it. How dare you?
So anyway
Took the week off
It went to to Brooklyn right to see this bro or a Brooklyn rock concert
It was the death cab for cutie. We're playing at the where McCarran Para pool
Right so I go to this thing
To see them
Death Cap of the Cutie featuring friend of the program, Ben Gibberd.
So I go to this thing, I park like four blocks from McCarron pool, which means I have to walk through the park now.
And is anybody who listens to this show knows me and that park do not get along.
Why? Because a couple years ago, I went to that park and I'm walking through with my big sunglasses on, right?
And these people are laughing at me. People started making fun of me, pointing at me.
And who's making fun of me? Brooklyn trash, pointing at me, sneering, like I'm the weirdo.
I'm the weirder with my old lady sunglasses on.
Just trying to block the sun out from all angles.
And now I'm the villain.
I'm the bad guy.
These monsters.
These Brooklyn monsters.
Playing kickball.
So I said to myself this time, you know what?
I don't care.
I'm reclaiming McCarran Park.
Admittedly, on a Tuesday evening, it's a shell of what it is on a Saturday or a Sunday when
I did go through the park.
So I put my sunglasses on, I start walking through, and then I'm feeling it.
I don't care.
Nobody's going to stop me.
This is my park.
This is my park.
I'm walking through.
People looking at me, I'm looking right through them with these songs.
They can't tell whether I'm looking at them.
Walk the three blocks.
Go into the venue, which McCarran Pool, if you've never attended it.
Have you ever been to a show at McCarran Pool, Mike?
Well, imagine this.
Imagine a giant concrete pool, an emptied pool, thank you, and a stage set up at one
end of it.
And imagine this during that heat wave where the concrete was absorbing all the heat, usually
there was supposed to be water on top of that.
now you're standing out there it's like you're getting a hot foot and if you
remember the weather do you remember the weather last Tuesday it was horrible it
calend of that that smothering heatwave
so I'm watching them play death cap for cutie and they're doing it they're
playing all the hits, playing them left, playing them right, then all of a sudden there's some
tech problems, because it's so hot and humid that Ben's guitar is shorting out, he's shorting
his guitars out. So, but there's still work, he's worth a rise and above it, he's singing
with that the guitar is great it was just great and then I decided to take a walk
like oh let me watch and let me walk from the back of the venue and see what
that looks like so I walk all the way to the back I'm just patrolling want to
send I look in the sky what do I say see some it's a couple plastic bags swirling
around in the sky. Allah, American beauty. I'm like, Oh, wow, look at those bags
whipping all over the place. That's weird. And now, my sunglasses are hanging off
my shirt. I should have put them on. Why? Because five seconds later, I got
hitting the face and mouth and eyes by a gust of wind blowing dirt right in my
face in my eyes mouth. I'm like blah, blah, blah. Now they're out there playing and
watching him playing that song Sound of Settling. Then I look over at the merch
the merch stand and it's it's basically like one of those those kind of overhead
tents with outsides you know like an awning type thing and I see that go up a
foot in the air. This goes boot and it's like uh oh here it comes and then I look
at the stage and I see the the light rigs at the top of the stage go like
they twist at a 45 degree angle it's like oh they that's scary so then they see
it on stage so they stop playing and songs over and they say thank you good
night and they run off the stage before they get crushed by falling things from
75 feet in the air and
Then some guy runs on it's like hey
Then that's it the weather stop in the show early. Sorry. Muh-muh-muh
And if people in the audience literally over the five-second span and went like this
Hey, what's going on here boo run?
Because then it started then the weather started whipping in there then you saw the lightning in the sky
Like off in the distance. It wasn't raining yet though. It wasn't raining.
It wasn't raining yet.
So I'm trying to make my way to the stage to leave through the back because that's where all my friends are.
Not bragging.
It's kind of true.
But now remember, I have a mouthful and an eyeful of dirt.
And I'm at the opposite end of where I need to go, and people now are running toward me,
stampeding to get out of this thing before the monsoon shows up.
So I hold on to the railing, trying to regain my eyesight.
I'm just holding on I'm getting I'm getting knocked left and knocked right
Then finally I
See an opening my eye get to get the dust out of my eyes the dirt I
Start making my way to the front
See my friends
Then I get lost in the in the commotion
He lost in the shuffle, as I'm trying to get a shelter on back, I get backstage, and there's
a giant tent backstage, and that goes up in the air, two feet.
And then it's like, get away from that tent!
And then everybody runs, and like a panic.
And then somebody, the bass player, Nick says, get on the bus with us, get on the bus.
And then I get separated. I'm trying to get on the bus. I get separated and then I think I
for the bus
Yes, thank you. I just got an I am
From a kick the Bobo saying not just dirt McCarron Park dirt. That's right. Thank you
Should I should go get a tetanus shot
Can you get tetanus from dirt?
Yeah, I'm probably addicted to cocaine now.
I probably have a drug problem from getting that dirt in my mouth.
So anyway, it's a free for all.
People are running left, they're running right.
I see there's like five buses and stuff.
I'm not going to start knocking on doors like I'm selling candy.
Now the weather is starting to roll in.
And I make a plan in my head here.
I say to myself, you know what I'm going to do?
I'm going to run to my car.
And I will get in my car, and I will hole up there, and I will call people on the phone
on my cellular phone.
again I'm not showing off. They're not that hard to get. I make the plan. I'm gonna run to my car,
beat the weather. So this is what happens. I run. I start running down the street of Brooklyn.
Now the weather's coming. Now it's raining. Now it's raining hard. It's raining harder. Then,
I realized I ran a block and a half the wrong way away from my car and now it's a
monsoon full on I'm just drenched drenched soaking wet I'm just now worried like
okay now I'm gonna get hit by a tree that gets hit by lightning in McCarran
Park. He's going to be my death. My death will be in McCarran Park. How ironic is that?
And now, I'm realizing, you know what? I thought I had you. I thought I had you, Brooklyn.
I thought I had you, McCarran Park. I thought I won. You beat me, McCarran Park. You beat
because I'm going through I'm soaking wet now staggering looking for my trying
to realize my car is now four blocks that way I will not make it I see an
awning like a like a bar I go under it it's a couple people smoking
Enids. I go through the awning of
Enids. Now literally if anybody
remembers the lyrics to the world is in the
toilet
I'm now the zombie. Where are those lyrics?
I gotta find the lyrics to the world is in the
toilet.
Here it is. The East River
boiled and belched up a cadaver. The corpse walked the Enids for a drink in
some polever. That's me. I'm living this song that was written last week and I'm
under that awning and I'm like you know what? You got me Brooklyn. How dare I step
to you. Think I could win. I lost. I lost. You win Brooklyn. Congratulations. You
did it soaking wet I didn't even go in because I looked like an idiot everybody
else in there was wet I'm not going in I didn't want to I didn't want to be that
guy soaking wet like more more wet than everybody oh you're even more wet yeah
yeah that's right I am so what do I do I waited out onto the awning and then
And when it's just merely raining, make my way to my car, and I get in my car, and then
I leave defeated, then I get a text from Ben Gibber, then I hang out.
I waited out the traffic, but it was nuts, nuts.
So then, this past weekend, I had to drive a Gillian Barbary to an event down in Pennsylvania.
And what part of Pennsylvania?
Ah, it's right.
York.
God's country.
country. I think it's a land God forgot. It's where they invented boredom. Holy
moly. Come on, York. Drove down. Now I'm solo down there for a couple hours. I
really, you ever have one of those days where you realize it's coming up on
five o'clock at night and you haven't eaten anything yet that's because you've
been so busy and you get that weird like kind of you you almost start going
crazy because you haven't eaten so I'm starting to lose my mind starting to lose
my marbles because I hadn't eaten WF MU East Orange WXHD Mount Hope World
the World Wide Web at WFMU.org.
This is Best Show on WFMU.
My name's Tom Sharpling,
your host for tonight's installment.
So then I'm,
I'm so hungry.
Like where you can't even settle on a place to eat
or like, you go somewhere and if there's like a line,
you're like, I'm getting out of here.
This is terrible.
When it's okay, just like calm down.
Wait three minutes.
You'll get your order in.
Like I was getting irrational like that.
Going to a place and then just leaving because there was like four people lined up at the
counter.
Losing my mind.
Then I end up in this place I've never eaten at in my life.
This place called Five Brothers.
Do you know if that is my hamburgers?
I don't need hamburgers, but I figure they'll have something for me.
I see, I get in there, I see, oh, a veggie burger.
Oh, I'll have that, I'm going to get that, $1.99 veggie burger, like wow, that's cheap
for a veggie burger.
to get up on the thing I say yeah I say yeah and there's one of those places
where they're like the dane cook of fast food places where they have all these
signs up all over the place where it's like where they're just completely
they're completely just being so just embarrassingly subservient to the
customer you are the customer we are and it is not your privilege to be served by
us it is our privilege to serve you just one of those things where it's like all
right we get it but it's all over the place like this this this complete it's
like humiliating because you know what none of the five brothers are here if the
five brothers were here it's like yeah it's our pleasure to serve you and we're
making you know 850 grand each a year or however much the brothers are
clearing the five brothers from five brothers hamburgers the slob behind the
counter look I'm not saying they should do a bad job but don't put them in some
position where now the customer has some uh they're they're operating from on high
you read your sign and you show me respect for my hamburger it's your privilege to serve me
no you don't find a middle ground here
son i go up i ordered this uh veggie i said uh veggie burger and uh the french fries please
And this is kind of place that I'm sure if this place was around those would have been freedom fries
four years ago
If this five brothers was around this that had the feel of
It had a very freedom fries kind of feel to it
Five guys is that what it is five guys, okay five guys
Sorry, you're right five guys hamburgers
So I ordered this veggie burger, it's like what would you like on the veggie burger?
Oh, I guess the lettuce in the tomato says she's like, well, no, it's not a veggie burger.
Well, what is it?
It's a veggie sandwich.
It's like, well, what, what veggies?
It's like, well, pretty much it's a toppings sandwich.
So all of a sudden this thing goes from being cheap to really expensive, $1.99 for a sandwich
made up of toppings, and they even have tomatoes, no tomatoes because of the plague that's going
on now.
So I'm sitting in this place eating a sandwich consisting of lettuce, mustard, and that was
it.
Oh no, no, they didn't have, they had like weird, like, fried onions.
That was not, that was extra.
I'm like, I was so delirious at that point, I just ordered off the toppings menu.
I was like, well, let me see if you wake up and you're like, wait a minute, I'm sitting
here in a booth. Not a booth in a corner seat. They got on me by five guys. They're going
to get on me now. They don't have booths at five guys hamburgers. What is this for? Are
you getting out? What are my James Fry all of a sudden? Fraudulent memoirs. So I got
one detailer. What are you going to kick me off the air? Put me under the microscope.
What am I? What am I that guy? What's that guy's name again? Glass? Whatever. Shattered
glass. It's a good movie. Stephen glass. People putting me under the microscope with
of my, my, my remembrances.
Look, I'm sitting in this thing.
I'm eating a thing on a bun.
It's shredded iceberg lettuce and mustard.
Hey, dare ya, I might as well pick it off somebody else's tray.
Oh, I hope people can get on me
because they didn't have trays at this place.
So they don't have trays at five guys.
They don't have trays there.
This is a fraudulent story.
This guy's a ripoff artist.
He's making this stuff up.
If anybody knows, they give you a bag with your food
and then you lay out the wrap.
Which also, it's also very environmental too.
It's great.
Maybe just give a tummy on a tray
and you wash the tray off.
No, we give you every order in a bag.
it's your bag. Everything is all yours. That's because you're the customer and you're the
greatest. Please, if there's anything wrong, feel free to come behind the counter and punch
anyone who works at a Five Guys hamburger place because you are the customer. You are
the king. And if you like any of our cars, just tell us. We will give you our cars. They're
yours for the taking because you are the one buying a four-dollar hamburger. So
then I'm I'm sitting there meeting a thing of fries and a bun with shredded
iceberg lettuce and mustard on it. That's a low point. I'm gonna say that's a low
point. True low point. Then later that night, like I'm going to treat myself. I'm going
to not go to one of these fast food places. I'm going to find a real restaurant in this
town. I'm telling you, I drove around for 45 minutes looking for something. Nothing.
I could not. I drove into downtown. I drove through the historic area of York. Nothing.
I ended up at this diner. This is the worst diner on earth. I'm telling you, this was
so bad.
Just the worst.
I'm driving home, driving to work today.
I get stuck at an intersection.
I'm coming up the intersection.
It's like, it's not a traffic light intersection,
it stops on everybody making a right.
Stop sign, everybody making a right.
I see, I'm like 12 cars from the stop sign.
What do I see?
Kind of chicken suit.
just like oh please please let us all catch fire so I can blast through this
intersection because I do and I don't even want to know with this guy in the
chicken suit it wants like what taxes are over lazy because there was all these
there's always business is that really a positive thing for business one that
there's a tax company like a like a local thing where it's like that people
walking around dressed like the Statue of Liberty or Uncle Sam.
Yeah, I saw you degrading that human being on the street.
I figured I would put my taxes in your hands because figuring anybody who would debase another
person like that would really be able to find me some great tax loopholes.
If you're willing to do that, you're willing to do anything.
So I see this guy in the chicken suit.
Please, please let it go fast.
And naturally, nope.
And I start to realize this guy is for some barbecue restaurant.
He's trying to hand flyers so stupid through the passenger
windows, because he's on the right side of the cars
at like a busy intersection.
So now he's expecting people to roll down their passenger window to take his flyer.
Hey, look, I don't need chicken to begin with, but if I did, I see this guy in a chicken
suit out there, and first of all, it was not even a full chicken suit, it was like a three
quarter length chicken suit at best, like it went down to like his thigh.
And I saw his jeans underneath it, yeah, three quarter length chicken suit.
You see, his jeans and his puffy white sneakers, his Jerry Seinfeld sneakers.
It's like, you want me to eat at a place that can't even afford a full chicken suit?
And is that appealing, the idea of just the basic concept of, hey, a chicken was telling
me to eat chicken this poor guy poor guy standing on the corner on the lip of a
major highway to the other thing it was route 22 the most insane highway in
America during one of the more insane stretches on that insane highway yeah
go up there and pass out flyers through the passenger windows.
Took a picture of him with my cell phone, as if the chicken guy didn't have it bad enough.
Now he's got people taking pictures of him.
So anyway.
When I was in York, the highlight of the trip, this might even be the highlight of my year.
Was pulling through an intersection, well, moderately busy intersection, and the traffic
because they had a dead halt.
Why?
Because everybody stuck waiting
for this family of geese to cross the street.
And I'm telling you, the family,
this was 30 geese, little downy geese
crossing the streets, the big ones,
taking their time, going across.
Everybody stuck waiting and watching.
It was awesome.
so great
took five minutes
then an hour later i had to go back past the same intersection
these geese were going across the road in a different spot
same geese
tied it up for another five minutes
the absolute best
everybody stuck
twenty cars stuck waiting
for these geese
to cross it they could fly these guys can fly
but they choose to walk across the street and everybody
with their fancy motor cars is stuck at their mercy
i don't know
i've seen that though i've seen uh... i've seen in new jersey people stopping
for the for the birds across the street
and i said to myself when i saw that i said
geese crossing street
I'm putting that down as the best thing.
That is the best thing of everything.
That is the absolute best thing.
Geese crossing the street.
And conversely at the bottom.
The bottom, the ab, I'm talking about everything
that there is on earth.
I'm putting that as number one.
bottom absolute worst thing on earth
the commenters on brooklyn vegan dot com
they're the true
drags of earth
the absolute
lowest of the low these are these uh...
these people mowing about everything like
like uh...
because brooklyn vegan is the site where they list uh... where they list shows
like hey uh...
Emmy Lou Harris is going to be playing.
So then in the comments section, it's like Emmy Lou Harris,
look at that dumb wig she's wearing.
Yeah.
You win.
You are better than Emmy Lou Harris, anonymous commenter.
Everything is negative on that site.
And the funny thing is, those losers who post on that,
they're the absolute most negative drags.
if you put a button in front of them and said
press this button
and you can share a trade places
with uh... the the guy from uh... hot chip
or uh...
tapes and tapes
any of the band you're making fun of
these guys would they'd be uh...
it'd be a dog pile these guys trying to press the button
to see who could trade places with the any of the people conversely
anybody in any of those bands
would never press the button
hey one trade places with uh...
this guy uh... uh... this guy who posts on uh...
brookun vegan
now you know
none of that no one in any band will
all come
biggest losers on earth
they are at the absolute bottom
so tonight show
it's called the order of everything
the topic
We're going to fill everything in between Geese Crossing
and Street and Brooklyn Vegan Commenters.
And we will put it in order.
Best to worst of everything of everything.
201, 209, 9368.
The order of everything tonight.
Traffic on the BQE? Is that yours? Why, when were you stuck in traffic on the BQE? How long did it take?
Traffic on BQE, I'm putting that, it's below Geese Crossing Street and above Brooklyn Vegan commenters.
two
nine three six eight tonight we figure out the order of everything
let's hope this works
I don't have a whole lot else planned
I was mapping out the show tonight I thought the uh... the uh... the uh... the death
The death cab story would take an hour and ten minutes, but the story of the five guys
story would take another forty minutes.
I thought I had denied filled out, already burning through everything, still got an
hour and forty minutes to go.
The order of everything, 201, 209, 9, 3, 6, 8,
I'm doing all right yourself. I'm doing okay. That's good. I think I actually have something
for it. Let's hear it. Now is it right if I offer two because they're really closely
related. Let's see. All right. So the best one of the best things I can think of was
when i went camping with my son
and we're just sitting around the campfire together
just roasting marshmallows
sitting around campfire
with some okay that's below crossing geese
east crossing street and above traffic on bqe
now here's the one that's closely related okay the people camping next to
us who were watching tv
okay i'm going to actually put that
below
traffic on bqe
people
watching t.v.
now while camping now it's a little bit worse than that because they're watching
that's the thing they were watching a movie about camping
it was movie the great outdoors it was like daddy day camperson i don't know
but it it was definitely sounds like bears and people running away like kind
of in a funny way that's insane
you want to know what
I had that below, that goes up now.
I'm moving that up.
That is going above sitting around campfire with sun.
I'm sorry.
People watching TV while camping would be way at the bottom.
But people watching camping movie while camping
is right below Geese Crossing Street.
I almost might move it ahead of it.
I guess you've got to give them some credit, I guess.
so right now the list consists of greek geese crossing street
people watching camping movie while camping
sitting around campfire with son
traffic on the bqe
and at the very bottom nothing will be that
brooklyn vegan commenters i didn't expect that order but i'm willing to
accept it
thank you john
have a good night
top-notch callers as top-notch
fm you you're on the air
at home
hi who's this
This is Powercaller Erika from Baltimore.
Powercaller Erika from Baltimore.
How are you tonight?
Oh, I'm all right.
Come again.
I'm OK.
Actually, the way I feel is related to my thing for the list.
What is that?
It would be towards the bottom.
What is it?
Dabilitating a sinus headache that makes your eyes
feel like they're going to pop out.
Okay, debilitating sinus headache.
That goes below traffic on BQE.
Yes.
You did it.
Terrible.
It's terrible.
I'm glad you moved the camping thing up
to the top of the list.
Yes.
That's great.
So right now the list, geese crossing street,
people watching camping, movie while camping,
sitting around campfire with son,
traffic on BQE.
debilitating sinus headache and brookan vegan commentors
excellent
uh...
erica
you did it again
that's a good power caller
that right
fm you you're on the air
hello
hi who's this
this is the i'm calling from chicago
lives from chicago this is the uh... woman who works for uh...
for uh... uh... the the public radio
I'm I'm a little wrong on the totem pole. How's that go?
It's not bad. Did yelled at by the car talk guys
Luckily, no, they're in Boston. That's right. You would deal with that other kook
Oh, no
Why am I not on NPR now popular the show is I I do I don't know
Why cuz I'm not a wimp
Wait, I can't go there. I can't do that. I can't throw many people under the bus.
We will change subjects.
Okay.
But seriously, get me on public radio.
Throw the show around a little bit there.
I'll talk it up.
Yeah, exactly.
Okay.
What is your suggestion for the list, which is the order of everything?
Okay. I'm going to fill out the middle of the list.
And I think that we should put in black jeans are higher than blue jeans and we should put
that right in the middle.
So say that again, black jeans over blue jeans.
Right.
And that's just going to fill out the middle.
That's neutral stuff kind of.
So you want black jeans and then below that blue jeans.
Sure.
Sure.
Black jeans are a little better.
Okay.
There we go.
Can I add one more?
We'll see won't we all right near the top of the list. Yes. I'd like to add waffles
You want waffles up toward the top of the list. Yes
Let's see
Where would waffles go on this list now? I'm when we say waffles. We're talking about the perfect wall
We're not just talking about we're not talking about waffles like like you
put some egos in your toaster no no no we're talking about the the ideal waffle
like this is the waffle from heaven yes fluffy sunday brunch Belgian waffle you
want to know what yes going above sitting around the campfire with this son I
actually I'm ready to move that way down the list that might go because look I
I don't know his kid, this kid might be annoying, then it would go below debilitating sinus
headache.
The list right now, Geese Crossing Street, People Watching Camping, Movie While Camping,
Waffles, Sitting Around Campfire with Sun, Black Jeans, Blue Jeans, Traffic on the BQE,
debilitating sinus headache brooklyn vegan commenters
that's great
thanks liz
thank you get me in over there
get me in over the p r
okay tell that guy tell that egghead
uh... i hope i've got seriously
okay i'm not that smart i could be like the dumb one up there
you know i mean like i'm i'm smartish in real life in real life i'm kind of
smart but up there with those brainiacs i'm kind of stupid
Well you could be the funny one. No one's really funny. I should stop talking.
Oh no, who's the one throwing people under the bus?
I'm sorry. I gotta go.
You're gonna get called in the office tomorrow. You're gonna get yelled at.
No.
Oh, we won't do this.
Okay.
Thanks Liz.
Bye.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi Tom, this is John from Boulder.
John from where?
Boulder.
Boulder, Colorado.
Yeah, I'm actually in Washington DC right now.
Okay, Boulder, Colorado, home of say it.
Mark and Mindy.
Mark and Mindy, that's right.
Now, what do you want to put on here on this list, John?
People who clump up in hallways,
like you want to walk by the hallway,
people are having like a little conversation group.
You mean, are they walking also?
No, they're like stopped in the hallway
having like a little conference
And it's have no awareness that there's people that want to get by you want. I'm gonna do I'm gonna modify your thing because that's bad
But you know, it's worse than when people are walking down the sidewalk a group. Yeah, all walking side by side
What do you think this is reservoir dogs? Yeah, it's true. It's like they're walking like four or five breaths
Yeah, you know, we're not walking through a parking lot guys walking down a sidewalk you guys walk inside by side
You're taking up the entire sidewalk
I'm gonna put on the list. I'm gonna put that
Where's that go is that go above or below traffic on the BQE
It goes above it. It's still not as bad. It's still not as bad as being stuffing sucking travel
I'm putting on the list. What is this reservoir dogs?
Okay, all right, that's all I got though. Thank you. That's all you needed. All right
FM you're on the air. Hi. Hi, who's this? This is Officer Tom. From?
What do you have on the list? What do you have? Sorry, I'm calling in again, but I have a few contributions.
Um, I have, let's see, um,
Elmer DeHoorie.
What? No. Uh, watching a Werner Herzog movie.
Hmm, I'm going to put that a Werner Herzog movie.
Where should that? Should that go above or below?
What is this? Reservoir Dogs?
We should go above traffic on the BQE.
Yes, but below what is this reservoir though?
Watching.
I have a related one, watching a Werner Herzog get interviewed on late night television
shows.
And I'm assuming you're putting that high on the list.
Yes.
Does that go above black jeans?
Oh yeah.
There's a go above sitting around the camp.
There's a go above sitting around the camp.
Well, yeah, you you you had your moments, but the liz done be here
So does that go below waffles and above sitting around campfire
Herzog on TV
Just below
The campfire TV
Okay, so it goes below sitting around the campfire with your son
No, the TV one
Watching what no, it does not go that high
okay fine you want to put it above waffles we're talking about the perfect
waffle here now we're just like that we're talking about the waffle where
you're like you know what i should eat waffles all the time and then you're
like you know what and then you try it a second time and then you're like
you're like waffles are disgusting like you can waffles are not meant to be
eaten with any regularity right wouldn't you agree
Yeah, I agree. How does your chef make waffles?
I don't have a staff. Although I do go for brunch.
What did I do? You caught them going through your stuff?
You had to let them go? I've never had a personal staff.
Who lets them go? You or your man-servant?
I don't have one of those. I don't have any Filipino men.
The person running your staff like your Anthony Hopkins?
Like I'm uh, I don't know, um, I have another contribution, what is it?
Hugging a cub, a lion cub. Oh my god. That goes above people watching camping movie while camping.
Yeah. Have you ever hugged a lion cub? I wish I had. I've been obsessed with this live camera stream
from a Norwegian wildlife park zoo sort of thing and there's this camera on this lion
<E.D.> and her four cubs and occasionally I guess every day I thought once the staff comes
in, leads the lion out and I guess weighs the cubs and stuff and they hold the cubs and
I'm really jealous all right hugging a line couple thank you Laurie unfortunately
it's night right now and the webcam's dark let me turn out the lights it's
four in the morning over there yeah it is okay well good luck with the list oh
well you don't need luck at this point right it's it's a winner there's a winner
there's a winner I knew it I knew this was a winner I knew this one was a
winner as soon as it popped in my head. I said there's a stone cold winner. This
one's carrying any show from an L to a W. F. M. U. you're on the air. Hello. Hello.
Yes. Hi. Hi. This is Pete from Long Island. Yes. What's that about one? It's a bit of the BQE
actually I was coming home the other night and they're doing construction it's really
heavy and there's a cop car and in the back of it as it's it's piling up and he's doing
the siren like the woop woop one you know like I'll just hit the button <E.D.> on what
grounds is he doing it
because he just wants to get ahead of everybody yeah
and then what happened to him
well he couldn't go anywhere
so i don't know so you want to put down well how would you phrase this arrogant
cop trying to pass
through traffic on bqe
i think so i don't i mean i i don't have anything against
cops you know
it but this guy i knew it
he just he had nowhere to go
he didn't have anywhere to go and
and nobody could move you got it on a call
here's the order
is the order where we're at right now
he's crossing street
hugging the lion cub
people watching camping movie while camping
waffles
i'm going to put the waffles are now going to be
the perfect waffle
i want anybody that people are going to run out to uh... the uh... the stop and
shop tonight to get some uh...
some crummy frozen waffles thinking that they'd like all i got a taste for waffles
now
okay sitting around campfire with son
burner hurtzog tv interview black jeans blue jeans what is this reservoir
dogs
watching burner hurtzog will be traffic on bqe the news edition is aragon cop
trying to cut through bqe traffic
then debilitating sinus headache then brooklyn vegan commenters
thank you
you did it young man you did it
fm you you're on the air
a time i don't do it alright who's this is martin and edison martin and
edison quality caller
uh... thanks what do you have for me
um...
adopting an older animal
at a uh...
like a animal shelter all the way to top below the geese crossing street
did you do that
uh... that six months ago i adopted a cat who was five
and uh... either of course they're all kittens in there too but
there's something about the cat and we got them and he's really great
Number two on the list, Martin.
He's crossing the street right under it,
adopting an older animal from a shelter.
All right.
Well done.
Well done.
And good job with that.
Thanks, Martin.
That's awesome.
Thank you.
Bye.
Of course.
Mike is saying the animals are at the top
and the people are at the bottom.
That's how it actually is in life.
You think people are at the top?
Kick the Bobo just sent in another animal one.
dog sitting in the driver's seat of empty cars that is that that's going way up
there you know where you go past the car and there's a dog sitting in the
driver's seat is if they're going to drive the car
I'm putting that above you know I'm doing I'm moving this hugging a lion cub
down I don't get that as much that's going below campfire with son I'm moving
that down hugging a lion cub but now I'm putting how did he phrase it kick
the Bobo dog sitting and driver it's gonna go go down as seeing a dog in
drivers seat of empty car number three phones are lit up FM you you're on the
Hey Tom. Hey, who's this? It's Raj from Bristo, Virginia.
Raj from Bristo, Virginia. How are things in Bristo tonight?
Uh, it's Bristo. I'm sorry.
Although I am relating to you with five guys and geese crossing the traffic.
Oh, Lord. Stuck in Bristo again.
Yeah. How'd you end up in Bristos? How were you grow up?
Where are my parents retired to?
I'm kind of in a regrouping stage.
Sure.
Where do you want to end up?
Where do you want to end up, Raj?
I want to come back to New York.
You know what?
Recharge your batteries.
I will regain your focus.
You come back up here.
I hope to.
Look at this as a positive thing.
You're down there.
Save a little money.
Get your priority straight again.
It's humbling.
Life is humbling.
Yeah, totally I think it's easy for me. I got people gunning at me all day long
I know I'm sitting in the hot seat here. I was one for them. Yeah, they don't you know none of you know what it's like
Hard yeah, I hear you so hard
What do you have for me Raj? You know, okay, here we go. I hope I can get the topic, right?
You don't want to put a
Living in Bristol on here. Do you know no no, but this is what in the best for me
It won't go on the list, but would you put that above or below debilitating sinus headache?
They go hand in hand sometimes
Fair enough, but we will not put that on our list. Gotcha. What do you got for me?
Garfield minus Garfield dot net
I'm putting that low on here. I'm sick of this Garfield thing. That's going below traffic on the BQE
Gotcha. I'm but I'm I modifying any Garfield any Garfield
subversion. Any Garfield subversions is below traffic on the BQE above
arrogant cop trying to cut through BQE traffic. I got you totally. There's also a
related thing called Marmaduke explained. Have you heard of that? No, I
refuse to... We get it. The comics stink. They stink. Everybody knows it. They
stink. Got these Wies and Hymers cluing us in the fact that Garfield's not
Funny
Sorry
It's all right, man. That's how you do it down at Bristo. That's the best I can do
Appreciate it though within all seriousness
You get your head straight buddy. I will definitely
Fm you you're on the air a ton. Hey
Hey, it's a forest in Manhattan forest in Manhattan. How are you?
I'm doing great. How are you tonight? I'm doing all right. Were you at that rock show on last Tuesday? I
I wish I was but I did not attend I had to work that night all right fair enough
what do you have for the list yeah I think I have a fairly common one people
can relate to and that is finding money in your genes when you're gathering
your laundry you know what that's gonna do you just came up with one that is
breaking the animal lock on the top three finding money nice in your jeans yeah I
can put pants okay pants sound good finding unexpected money yeah finding
it finding unexpected money your pants goes below adopting an older animal from
a shelter and above seeing a dog in the driver's seat of an empty car sounds
about, right? This list is taking shape. This is the answer. If we keep going, we'll
list everything. Thanks for us. Thanks Tom. FMU, you're on the air. Hey Tom, how's it
going? Going all right. How are you? I'm all right, man. It's Charlie and I got one
on the list that kind of thought of on that sidewalk thing, the reservoir dogs. Yeah.
Is people who stand on the escalator, first of all, people who stand on the escalator
kind of bother me because you should really just walk up them it's kind of
just shoving you up the stairs faster yeah so you want to consider it a
stairway a staircase that you you keep moving on and that it that is is
giving you a little oomph yeah it's getting you a little oomph it's kind
of pushing up the stairs but like when people stand like too wide on the
escalator i mean i don't want to get out of my way because like i i kind of
don't want to be on the escalator they're not giving you that left lane you
you've got to have a there's got to be a driver's lane on the
like a fast lane you know
local
you got what's your name again young man
charlie and
charlie and where you're calling from
charlie from not the let's look at this list now
where do we put
where do we put blocking the fast lane on the escalator let's see black jeans
blue jeans
which is what's that
yes it should go near the weather is it is that better or it's below the
reservoir
people's part i'm concerned is it worse
then watching a burner hertzock movie
uh... no it's not
possibly i'm saying no it's not it goes uh... blocking
uh... fast lane
on escalator
yet right now
the middle of the list goes
burner hertzock tv interview
black jeans blue jeans what is this reservoir dogs
blocking the fast lane on the escalator
watching burner hurts like movie
traffic on bqe
any garfield subversions
eric and cop trying to cut all cut through bqe traffic
yeah that sounds about right
thanks
buddy opal man
will you too
fm you you're on the air
i thought that the mirror florida some air florida's quality caller how are
you doing
i'm doing very well thank you to have you back on the air
the last week thank you i appreciate that
well i have something that i i ranked pretty highly and i guess since we are
dealing with a very broad spectrum hopefully it can fit in there somewhere
let's see
where would you put it
what is it
all right well it is the satisfaction you get from a
exciting
um... and rivet and conclusion to a sports fixture
and
just to set it up
i'm following the euro two thousand eight socket ornament at the moment and
the other day on sunday turkey played the check republic
and the last fifteen minutes of that match work
just like everything you hope for a good sport game where the team that's
losing
suddenly rally somebody gets pushed over
at six foot seven i get pushed to the ground
their goal their red card there's
i was there i was a neutral in terms of the match
but it was very very very at your feet so we will call this sports at their
best
yeah that's probably a better way to put it
sports at their best
so does that go above
people watching a camping movie while camping yes
i would say so because it might have been it might have been raining they may
be a good reason to be staying inside of the tent does it go above seeing a
dog in the driver's seat of an empty car
no although it might depend on the kind of dog but i think that i think the cute
the cuteness factor probably outweighs it
okay sports at their best
it is number one two three four five on the list
and i'm happy with that
geese crossing street
adopting an older animal from a shelter finding unexpected money in your pants
seeing a dog in the driver's seat of an empty car sports at their best
people watching camping movie while camping
fantastic
thank you samir
i think i'm so good
fm you you're on the air
hello com
i have something worse than anything
and who's this
july from since nadi i'm probably gonna put that
let's see julie from since nadi where should she go
is it with julie from since nadi go above or below debilitating sinus edick
above
but okay who is it going
well this is julie from since nadi
and i thought you were suggesting her for the list
no silly
hello
Yes, you're here. What do you think? I'm going to hang up on you that fast.
Oh, the very worst watching you had to kill a baby chick.
Ew.
Yeah, no, I tried to catch it from her and she was popping it in the wall.
I can't even, if you put that on, if I put that on list,
I'll get sad every time I look at this list.
Yeah, that's how bad it is.
I cannot even think it's stuck in my brain like it's burned there.
that's it at your birthday at your birth get off my phone
fm you you're on the air
uh... hate on the seven and province are you haven't proven it's how are you
i'm doing great thank you
speaking of evan
tonight's an exciting night for evans that's right
six hours of power
the sixth the original six hours of not the original actually this is one of
the uh...
this is a six hours of power mock uh... mark uh... mark uh... mark five
an old favorite though
yes
I'm pretty psyched for it, I can't wait.
It's gonna be very exciting.
Evan Funk Davies, back in the 11 to 2 slot.
Yes, indeed.
We will miss small change.
One of the all-time greatest DJs on this station.
Yeah.
But now we have Evan Funk Davies, who tonight,
it's very exciting.
He's got some rare Allen Ginsburg stuff he's gonna play.
Got three hours of it.
Of him doing a...
Khadish.
Anytime I'm going to say something, I say it like that.
So anyway, what do you have for a seven?
I have one that is kind of a conundrum in a way because in the moment it's one of the
greatest things, but in the end you're basically just doing what any civilized person should
do.
And I'm going to say it like this, overcoming adversity to make it to the restroom or bathroom
in time.
This is not a toilet list.
I know.
How you do it?
Get off my phone.
man. This guy thinks, what are we doing? Is this mind to Mencia? Is this filth?
No. Look at this list. Adopting an older animal from a shelter. I'm supposed to put
his bathroom things on here. It's the worst of humanity. I don't like that.
I'm bumping out now. I'm gonna delete this list. I gotta save this list. What am I
doing. Let me save it. I'm going to call this the order of everything.
Toilet mouth. Yeah, put bathrooms on it. George Carlin. Not George Carlin. Call
up George Carlin when he's doing his thing. Give him that. His toilet mouth. Sick. FMU,
you're on the air. Tom. Hey, who's this? I, this is Patton, Philadelphia. Patton Oswalt?
No, no, no, not Patton Oswalt. Who is this? Patton, Philadelphia. Oh, Patton in Philadelphia.
that sorry
you have to put something new on the list
the disappointment of realizing that it's not pat nazwalt and it's pat in
philadelphia
i'm so go above or below uh... debilitating sinus headache
i'm just kidding you pat
what do you guys know um...
what i got is uh...
something that i can't stand which is in a
public space like a
then it's not going to be you're not going to do a toilet stuff like that
last no no no
not going to do something about toilet paper
no no no
so in like a a i think this is south park
see not know how the show rolls
is a family show it's a family show
you imagine it you imagine that this show
could very well be on disney radio
that's how i like to think of it
that would be what i'm ready even i'm making this offer
and p r
or disney radio disney
first one who wants me
i'm yours
i'll go to radio disney play songs from high school musical
get into view with uh... with the zach and cody
make them uh... make them have a beaded style knife fight
the sweet life kids
you've no idea what i'm talking about it
uh... not really that and i know that that let's move forward okay what do you
have so you're saying when you go to an art gallery
uh... well uh... like uh... more so a library or movie theater or coffee shop
and someone decides to
take off their shoes
you know i was in the barns and nobles the other day and i can't get you
not there was some guy with his shoes off
so you're not a you're not in your house you you you mutant
i got a book i think i'm just gonna relax now you know what
by the book and go home and relax
exactly come on there's other people here all the way to but you know where
that's going
that's got that's you just went below debilitating sinus headache
Oh, excellent, wow.
Person taking shoes off in public place.
The beach.
Yeah, yeah.
I wish I could hang up on you, Mike.
I can't hang up on you.
You're live.
I would have hung up on you with that one.
What about the beach?
Yeah, no.
People should wear galoshes to the beach.
Oh, I would have hung up on you.
If only, thank you for that call, Pat.
Thanks, though.
FMU, you're on the air.
Is this me?
Yes, it is you.
How are you?
I'm doing good.
This is Matt from Gwanis.
Matt from Gwan?
Gwanis.
Gwanis.
Yeah.
How are you doing, Matt?
I'm doing well.
What do you got for me?
I got two that should be very close to each other.
the first one is
all the boring parts of the exorcist
on the second one is all the gross parts
all the boring part to be like the half hour where they just talk about the
stuff
yeah i think that i want to talk about the house
they have like you know
semi-successful
uh...
dinner party
and
play with the wegie board in the basement
It's going below watching Werner Herzog movie and above traffic on BQE.
Okay.
Can I throw in a third one?
All the boring parts of the exercise and then all the gross parts.
Yeah.
I mean, it's, I mean, I personally, it's hard for me to consider it a, it's, it's a horror
movie in that it's, it's just gross looking like there's nothing scary.
So much is just like, this is gross.
All right.
You know what?
We're discussing stuff and we'll put that in the they're close to each other, but I'll let you decide some you know
All right. I'm putting them back to back
Good. Thank you. Now. What do you have a third one? Yeah, when you pick something randomly off the menu at a restaurant
And it's a total success
It exceeds your expectations wildly
Like you make that last minute decision like you're waiting until the waitress comes up
Is that above or below hugging a lion cub
Well, like the waffle one, let's just assume that you really just picked something random
and it was amazing.
In which case, of course, it has to go above the line code.
Okay.
Like randomly ordering something amazing in a restaurant.
Yeah.
All right.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I'm scared of the exorcist.
The movie.
Here's the list where we are at right now.
Are you ready for this?
Number one, Geese Crossing Street.
Number two, adopting an older animal from a shelter.
Finding unexpected money in your pants,
seeing a dog in the driver's seat of an empty car,
sports at their best, watching people camping,
people watching camping movie while camping.
The perfect waffle, sitting around campfire with sun, randomly ordering something amazing
in restaurant, hugging a lion cub, Werner Herzog TV interview, black jeans, blue jeans,
what is this reservoir dogs, blocking the fast lane on the escalator, watching a Werner
Herzog movie, all the boring parts of the exorcist, I'm moving the Werner Herzog movie
below this exorcist thing.
All the boring parts of the exorcist, all the gross parts of the exorcist, watching
Werner Herzog will be traffic on the BQE, any Garfield subversions, arrogant cop trying
to cut through BQE traffic, debilitating sinus headache, person taking shoes off in public,
Brooklyn vegan commenters.
FMU, you're on the air.
Good evening.
Tom, how are you?
Who is this?
Uh, what is this?
It's a price.
Oh, this is Jeff in Milwaukee.
How are you?
I'm doing all right.
How about you?
I'm doing pretty good.
Good.
I have a couple of things for the list.
Let's hear them.
One of them would be when life somehow synchronizes what you're reading and what you're listening
to.
Like if you've ever had an instance where you're reading something and you come across
a word that as soon as you read it, somebody says it or it's on the TV or on the radio
at the exact same instant.
I think that should be somewhere higher in the middle, not too high, but it's always
fascinating to me when it happens.
I'm putting it below hugging a lion cub and above Werner Herzog TV interview.
Random deja vu
Random, I'm calling this random reading
slash
listen
No, we're calling this random audio visual
synchronization deja vu
Synchronization
Excellent, and I have one that I hope you're gonna put at the bottom of the list and it's truck nuts
I don't even want to talk.
You know what?
You know what?
Thanks to you.
I'm taking this audio visual off that.
Because you had to bring that off.
Okay.
No, please.
No.
It's off and you're off.
Get off my phone.
I don't want to talk about that.
You know what?
I'm ready to take another thing off the list.
I'll tell you, because of that guy,
because what he suggests was so bad.
I'm taking all the gross parts of the exorcist off the list.
Someone else has to pay for the wrongness
of him suggesting that.
Although, weirdly enough, they're going on the list,
but I will never mention them again.
They're going below,
they're going above debilitating sinus headache.
I will not read them anymore.
Now I will not repeat that.
I will never mention it.
It's like the phantom item on the list.
I just wrote it in there.
I'm calling it phantom item.
Yeah, that which cannot be said, that which cannot be said.
If I'm you, you're on the air.
Hi, Tom.
Hi, who's this?
This is Herbie from Philadelphia.
How are you Herbie?
I'm doing good calling from Allentown PA tonight.
All right, and you're calling them from Allentown.
Ha, ha, ha.
Oh, sorry, that wasn't, though.
Ha, ha, ha, get off my phone.
sarcastic
guy named her bees giving me uh...
uh... he's given me the attitude
uh...
you know what's going on the list given me the attitude
given tom the attitude
is going
that's going
And I'm ready, you know what I'm moving up on the list?
Arrogant Cop, I'm saying Arrogant Cop
trying to cut traffic on the BQE
goes above traffic on the BQE.
That's more frustrating.
The traffic is just a reality,
but someone trying to cut that is worse than,
someone pulling rank is worse
than the actual horror of the traffic.
And then putting it on the thing here,
giving tom the attitude goes
below any garfield subversions and above that which cannot be said
giving tom
giving tom the attitude
fm you you're on the air
and her be your band for a year
hello
hi yes
hi yes
this is an awesome brooklyn
hey Anna how are you
I'm good.
What part of Brooklyn are you calling from?
Green Point.
Okay.
How are things in Green Point tonight?
They're fine.
I feel like I'd like to say about your list.
What do you have?
Well, first off, I can beat the no-shoes thing and that would be clipping fingernails
on the subway.
It's so disgusting, right?
Yep.
You got it.
You just did it.
Disgusting.
Clipping.
I always want to say something.
did it you have come up with the one the only thing worse than that is Brooklyn
vegan commenters alright congratulations Anna thank you thank you thank you and
do you want something nice yes how about that all right something nice would be
lilacs all right or okay I'm a colombo my favorite colombo is your favorite
yep or should we put it on and you need to know what you can be on and then all
of a sudden colombo you're not a little bored by colombo sometimes those longer
ones the 90 minute ones you know where like where they're clearly vamping to
pad out an extra half hour I guess so you know we'll put on here we'll do both
we'll put 90 minute colombo's 60 minute colombo's okay 90 minute colombo goes
above her. No. Sixty minute Colombo goes below petting a hugging a lion cub.
Okay. Below that. Oh yeah. And then 90 minute Colombo goes. 90 minute Colombo is literally
right now. It's the median. It's the dividing line between good and bad. Okay. I'll take
that and you should add onto a lion cub it should be comma panda comma koala
comma chimp panda lion cub slash panda slash koala
last chimp yeah slash James thank you Anna okay you're welcome hi Tom FM you
You're on the air hi Tom hi. Yes
This is west from aqua, Georgia west from aqua, Georgia. Yeah, how are things in aqua earth tonight?
They're pretty good. You know how usual how's our things uh?
When the when things get a little things hot down there now
It kind of comes and goes the weather in Georgia is kind of strange because one day it'll be 92 the next day
It'll be like 70. I'm not really sure how that worked.
None of the really hot days did the Klan guys have like short sleeve robes or like vented hoods?
Yeah, I wish they had the vented hoods. That would be that'd be a new technological innervation for the Klan.
So what do you have for me?
Well, I've got two things for the topic.
Oh, I can't wait.
All right, there we go.
Okay, the first one is delivery men who spoke in their car.
like like give me an example. Well like this I ordered Chinese food from this
one place that's behind him near my house and every time I get my food the
delivery man like you can tell he's been smoking in his car because the food
smells like smoke. You want to know what? You just made it
on this below that which cannot be said and above debilitating sinus headache.
delivery men who smoke
in car
and pollute my order
Yes
Exactly
Alright
What else do you have?
Well, I was in Universal Studios like I guess last month
and we went to see the kids in the hall live
and so I was on my way back
and it was miserable out it was so hot
and
How hot was it?
I have no idea probably in the 90s
Okay. I'm just guessing. But basically, on the way back, we saw one of those
fountains, you know, where, like, water just kind of randomly sprays up from
different spots. Yes. And, you know, ordinarily, you know, you can't get wet,
but I was about to go home and everything. And I was like, you know what,
there's nowhere I've got to be that I cannot be wet. So you went into the
random the water shooting fountain thing yes I got completely soaked and it was
great you want to know what what not gonna be that high on the list sorry how
you're literally I'm sorry you want to know what what that might have been
special to you you're going below blocking blocking the fast lane on the
escalator pulling off in universal studios studios fountain there you go
thank you
FM you you're on the air what we are doing tonight we are coming up with the
order of everything all right all there is to know we are ranking well what do
Yeah, what do you have for me? What's your name young man? I'm Joe from Seattle Joe from Seattle. How are things in Seattle tonight?
Pretty good. Funny. Nice
Are things in New Jersey?
Can't complain. All right. I got one for the list Tom. Let's hear it
Text messaging. I think it's probably above the 90 minute Colombo not too high above it. What you just came up with
You just can't you you know what's going it's going it's going between black jeans and blue jeans
dividing the change line yes you did text messaging that's all I got thanks
have a good week oh you have a good week too fm you you're on the air hi Tom
this is Kyle from Monroe Kyle from Monroe New Jersey no Monroe New York
Monroe New York yes named after James Monroe I thought it was Monroe from
I'm too close for comfort, now.
No.
Monroe.
So what do you have for me?
How about stubbing your toe?
Stubbing your toe.
Yeah, that hurt.
Stubbing your toe.
I'm going to say stubbing your toe
goes below traffic on the BQE.
All right, come on, FED.
Thank you.
But above any Garfield subversions.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi, Tom.
This is Larry from Kansas City.
Hey, how are you doing tonight, Larry?
I can't complain.
How are you?
Doing OK.
Oh, I'm good.
I've got a couple for the list.
Let's hear it.
Hopefully one high and one low, but I'll start low.
All right.
and that is
people who come into your work
when they know they make you uncomfortable
but like for example
i used to work at a record store and that there was a guy that
came in
our regular basis wearing
the shortest
and always looking
for tiny ten records
Oh my god, oh no, we're gonna get more specific on this
I'm throwing out your initial suggestion, and I'm putting that guy on the list. Oh, I like it and he is going
You're never gonna believe this
It's a tie
tie
With that which cannot be said
That which cannot be said slash
die in shorts, die in shorts looking for tiny Tim records. Wow, excellent. Now my
second one, let me say I'm making it short shorts. Short shorts. Were they
technically short shorts? They were more than probably eight inches above the
knee. Those are short shorts. They were short. So what do you have? What's the
So what's the good one?
My good one is, it's kind of a few parts, it's either the first time you ever heard
born to run the entire record all the way through or listening to any of Springsteen's
first five records on your way to your first day of a new job.
just kind of
it gets you excited and other rivers kind of
depressing
but yeah we're getting pumped up
yeah yeah play cool i'm telling
i'm not putting this on the list
all his bad advice
place on the springsteen record get all pumped up before the first day work
first-day work you go in cool i'm going to go and you're going to roll
sweaty
hey
as
this is all the road
it's maybe not getting that pumped up from getting
We're getting rid of the raspic guys.
We're going to go to the first day of New York.
We're going to go to the third day of New York.
We're going to go to the third day of New York.
What do you like?
This is you in the car.
Like driving this thing.
You're like down in jail.
And you're like, it's 858 and you're coming in a sheet of sweat, you're making a first
impression, you got your armpits soaked in your shirt already.
Maybe not that pumped up, but get off my phone.
Bad workplace advice.
WFM U East Orange WXHD Mount Hope Worldwide on the World Wide Web at WFM U dot O R G
You know I should put on this list what to buy this out. They say you know who Lil Wayne is Mike
Salome came out last Tuesday Lil Wayne this is a hip-hop guy
It's been this long-awaited album.
The Carter III was the sequel.
sequel to the Carter 1 and 2 and it sold over a million copies this past week.
Look I got the little Wayne, I got the Carter 1, the Carter 2, I got the mixed tapes.
This out in the Carter 3.
I think they called it that because there's only three good songs on it.
Thumbs down is a little wane, this album is a disaster.
One million people got ripped off this past week, this is his last name.
Thumblers, I'm trying to find this record, I go to the Best Buy, they're out of it.
they go to my local record store a day later they're out of it
i'd go back to best by the day after that they're out of it
i said come back tomorrow
local record stores are going to have it in
so i go to the best i get the last copy
unbelievable
i cracked this thing open
is a laziest piece of junk uh... i've heard in ages
it sounds like he was rapping on things like he recorded in his car
something was rapping into a cell phone
the beats are terrible
and by the way i went to best buying bought this thing
i've got this album in my hands the carter three
and then i walked past a rack i see a dvd's for six ninety nine new dvd's
mister brooks six ninety nine
I walked up to the counter, I bought the Carter III and Mr. Brooks.
That was like a bad taste explosion.
There are those moments when you have to, like, I almost thought about spacing it out.
Like maybe, then I'm like, what do I care?
I'm sure some of the things that these people see at Best Buy, what am I looking to be friends
with the person ringing people up at Best Buy?
But still, a part of me cared, which upset me, that a part of me was worried what the
Best Buy clerk was going to think of this person with the worst taste on earth.
Like I'm good, oh no, Mr. Brooks is terrible.
I saw it in the theater, I didn't like it, but I'm buying it, I know, it sounds stupid.
Let me just explain, let's just bag it up.
It was so bad that I'm gonna buy it
so I can see it again.
You know what that's like,
and I don't even wanna list
because there's commentary on here,
I'll probably see it a third time.
What, no?
Yeah, let me just ring.
I'll just pay the Carter III.
This guy, these songs on this thing are just like,
So I got to find the track listing on this thing.
No skits.
No skits.
And look, this guy's so good.
When he's doing his thing, little Wayne, he's crazy.
He's the best.
When he's on fire.
He's gone nuts. He's got to get rained in
He'll never do it. He's never gonna do it the way he is never gonna cut it
So he's gonna be like the the the Pete Maravitch of hip-hop never gonna win a title
Never gonna win it. He's gonna be the guy individually talented. It's scored 40 points in the loss. That's what this guy is
the
that song on it that song lollipop is maybe one of the worst things I've ever heard of telling you
that was as bad as it gets
The worst. This guy's mixtapes are so much better than this thing.
Stick to the mixtapes.
FMU, you're on the air.
Tom, am I on the air?
Yes, you are.
This is Richard from Cincinnati.
How are you, Richard?
I'm doing good.
Hey, I got two for the topic.
Let's hear them.
Okay. Well, I had, uh...
Alright, I changed up because you were talking about little Wayne, right?
Yes.
Yes, I have this really I don't know. It's like it sticks in my craw. It's graphics on hip-hop albums
Where would that go on the list?
Well, give me an example and we'll figure out where it goes master P. Yeah, have you ever seen those graphics?
Yeah, that's it's ten years ago though. Nobody does that anymore. Hey, you don't think so. No next. Oh, what's next?
Next I got all lines flashing here buddy. What do you got? Let's hear the next one. What do you got? All right?
I got let's see a call from spike. Where's that go on the list?
Yeah, I thought I'd throw you with that one, but I would got me with that one that actually could be below clipping fingernails on subway
or or it might be above it might be above
you want to know what that is the true median that right now really that's a
divided line fault line or something like that equator yeah you have
established the true equator of this a call from spike because that can go all
the way to the top all the way to the bottom so I need to be I need to check
out the graphics in the after like I want to see the graphics on this new this
new little way now you're talking about
if only there was a way you could see a picture of it
uh...
i could get back on the internet
i'll talk to you later tom thanks Richard
fm you you're on the air
hi tom
hi who's this
this is a scott in bermingham
scott in bermingham alabama
and what do you know how are things in bermingham tonight
it's really humid
uh-huh
and uh...
i saw a thing on the southern uh...
uh... weather service that they said that uh... weather in bermingham is
hotter than the devil's drawers
it is
there's actually marking on the thermometer and it has been at that for
like a week now
it's really awful
wonder if i could sell that joke to like bill angvall
i i think i think you could
i don't think he's got there yet
i don't think you have that one
and ball
uh... i have i have one and a half
thing for this evening let's hear it
One is the smell of a freshly lit cigarette,
like in a place where there's no smoking,
like a rock club where there's no smoking,
the jerk lights up a cigarette.
And somehow it's worse than being in a place for everyone's.
Yeah, you wanna know what?
That's way down here.
That is,
that's just above the debilitating sinus headache.
Pfft.
Yay.
Smell of a lit cigarette
where it is not welcomed, nor expected.
Right, it just, oh, anyhow.
And I got one that's sort of an elaboration
on one that's already on the list, which would be,
it is neither welcomed nor expected.
Go ahead.
The geese crossing the road.
Yes.
This is something I saw in the morning
was like a mama duck and eight or nine little baby ducks
crossing the road at a crosswalk
in front of a police station
that's a that's a special moment you saw but i i still got to say that it's it
it falls under the geese crossing the street category
i just wanted to throw it in there i cannot have subsets
okay that's a pretty
the pretty narrow uh...
thing ready geese crossing street
you're looking to break off for a subset of that
for the geese crossing street in front of police station
at a crosswalk
at a crosswalk
like on the little strike that is pretty that is pretty cute though
it was ridiculously cute
i'd be great thing i've ever seen
and for police
thank you scott
you look
have a great night on you too
fm you you're on the air
hi
i thought
who's this
laura from
ridgewood new jersey
How are you tonight?
Good, how are you Tom?
You're in school?
No, I'm not in school.
You're beyond school age?
Yeah, I have a real job now.
OK.
You happy with it?
It's gone, all right.
What do you do?
I work in an art gallery.
Really?
Really, I was going to invite you,
but I couldn't get you on the phone.
You should invite Laurie.
Laurie?
Yeah.
That could become confusing.
I just had my business card printed so she'll buy the place up really she'll snap up everything
Yes, and they're over. We need it. What would you put on the list Lori and on the Lori? You are Laura
Yeah, Laura Laura. What would you put on the list? All right two things and I think they're low
But you can decide all right, okay number one
You know the misconnections option on Craigslist I
I do not.
Okay, well, what this is, is when people on the subway...
No, that's like Craigslist is like some porn site?
No.
It's kind of like a...
Are you joking?
No, I'm not.
What is Craigslist?
It's kind of like an everything site.
Like they have postings for jobs and
personals and
departments.
Okay.
Alright.
Alright.
So this option is like, if you're on the subway
and like your wink get it from girl,
You can then post a description of what you look like and hope that you read it.
That's disgusting.
Yeah.
That's way down on the list.
So what do they read like?
What would it be like?
Hey, I saw you.
Yeah.
I saw you.
I saw you on the subway.
I'm a guy.
I was wearing a jean jacket and you were a brunette reading a book.
Yes.
Is that what it is?
It's pretty much exactly like that.
We have a moment.
What is it called, misconnections?
Yeah, misconnections.
Misconnections goes right between delivery men
who smoke in car and pollute my food order.
And smell of a lit cigarette where it is neither welcome nor expected.
Creeps on misconnections.
on Craigslist. All right, what else do you have Laura?
Okay, well this is something we had discussed before briefly.
Okay. I saw a section in the city of the movie.
Yes. And I'm kind of really angry about it.
Be do do do do do.
Do do do do.
Do do too.
It's a little bit loosing.
Bloom, bloom, bloom.
So you saw the movie then?
No, I just know the song.
Oh.
Okay.
Well, I...
I did not see it yet.
You know why you didn't like the movie?
You sound like such a Miranda.
I sound like a Miranda.
Yes.
It just blew me out of the...
I was just devastated by it.
I love the show and the movie was just like Blue Cowsky.
Really?
Yeah, it was just cruel to women everywhere.
Putting it on the list.
Thank you.
Where would you say it goes?
Um...
Above or below, what is this reservoir, dogs?
Oh, God, reservoir dogs.
No, no, above.
That's the guy's walking down the street clogging the street.
Oh, that one?
Yeah, below.
I
Above or below watching a Werner Herzog movie
Below below above or below stubbing your toe
Below the pain last week. Yeah above or below giving Tom the attitude
Definitely giving why is
hmm okay see I'm not Tom so I remember you now I like you as a caller you're
you have you have that that that the edge to you edge yes I'm putting it above
I'm putting it below stopping your toe and above any Garfield subversions the
sex and the city movie according to Laura.
Mike's been raving about it.
No, please don't even.
He told me I have to see it.
Yeah, probably for you it'll be hysterical.
This is what he did. I thought this was wrong.
You tell me what you think of this.
Okay.
He went there with a cell phone.
Doesn't even have a cell phone.
I don't know where he got it from.
And then he was in the lobby of this thing on the opening weekend when it's like woman central, right?
And he's like
This is what he said he did. He was by the snack thing
He said
Hey, honey
I'm at the theater
Ready to see ready to see our favorite movie sex in the city
And then he was like what?
You're breaking up with me
Why are you cheating on me?
and now he started then he said he started to cry like pretend cry off in
the corner he said well I guess I'll go see the movie myself and then he went
in the theater then he ducked out and he saw Iron Man and then he went back in
so he could walk out with all the women and his went out like he was upset like
oh that was and then he made like he was leaving a message for his girlfriend
Well, I saw the movie I was still I wish you'd I am sorry you cheated
I freaked I forgive you for that
But he was pretending to be like some kind of like a lifetime movie sap
and he said
He ended up getting all these phone numbers. Yeah from it. Yeah, it's good. Exactly one movie. So bad
Yeah, you know what he did. You know what he said? You know what he did? He sold those phone numbers
I'm Greg's list how much I don't know what is it Greg's list Craig
he goes on Greg's list I think that's the porn one Craigslist is the normal one
he goes on Greg's list this I'm guy named Greg who operates it from his jail
cell.
So how did he, so this Greg Flush have PayPal?
I don't know.
I don't go to sites like that.
My computer is a blocker on it.
I couldn't even get on, I tried to get on CNN.com and I guess there were some objectionable
words that would block me.
Why would you have on your computer though?
Have a blocker?
Yeah.
ugly things
you don't see ugly things
you can explain why i haven't seen the movie
wrap around
thank you ora
did it
you did it again
i guess i'm going to be so angry
i guess i'm done for the evening
you're like spike
you're like the news but you're like the you're like the jersey spike
what did she say when she called in
she said can i talk to tom
like you like my like mike wasn't even there
well i'll talk to the mic next time because i mean
say hi to mike he's nice guy
yeah he didn't do any of that stuff i said
now i made all that up
so i'll give him my number of you split the profits with me
i made that stuff up
that's up with that was just me uh... weaving a tale of fancy
i was i believe that
uh...
thanks laura
thank you
no he did not do that
i paint mike to be this monster
there's two mike's there's the real mike
and there's the character of mike
there's only one mike
there's only one mike
seriously
there's only one
but now there's the mike the real mike
and it's a goof
and he's one of the nicest guys he's ever met
and then there's the crazy character of mike
he's making me say this
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi, Tom.
Hi, who's this?
This is Brian.
From Columbus, Ohio.
Ohio, that's right.
How are you tonight?
Very well, how's it going?
Going OK.
Are you getting ready to lose the 2008 election for America?
Yeah, probably.
People of Ohio?
Yeah, that's probably going to happen.
yeah what do you have something for the list I do what it's probably pretty low
on the list just because it's kind of pathetic okay but this was I guess this
was about a year ago with this competition that Dave Chappelle and
Dane Cook had to see who could do the longest stand-up putting that very low
on the list. I'm putting that below. I'm putting that below the tie between that which cannot
be said and the guy in short shorts looking for tiny Tim records. Yeah, that's a good
Dave Chappelle. Dane Cook. Stand up. Stand up. Marathon. Battle. Yes. Thank you Brian.
You're welcome. You have a good night. You too. FMU, you're on the air. Hey Tom. Hey who's this?
P.D. P.D. From. Oh never mind. I know you. You sent me your new CD. I can't wait to hear it.
Oh, yeah. I have a phone for the list, Tom.
Let's hear it.
Well, you know what I like?
I put on your show, right?
And I put on P90X on the TV, and I put your show on the radio.
And I work out, and I mute P90X, and I work out to your show.
What is P90X?
It's this thing to get big, and you put on your TV.
and have different
work out for the leg
for the test for the back
for the tricep
they have all the stuff
into the wrongs
and uh...
you're not going to run into rolle you're going to come down here beepy up
now i just want to get big over the summertime
you want to get big
and it's funny because like while you want to start while you're saying all
the stuff
it's like he's saying it because he talked about what i was telling you what
to do
So it looks like you're him, and it's really funny.
You're not working out, are you?
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Now working out, I'm not talking about packing a bong.
I'm talking about actual physical exercise.
No, I'm sweating right now.
I just finished the legs and back.
You sure that's not bong water?
No.
Legs and back.
Well, what's wrong with that?
Do you do legs and back?
It's pretty hard.
and where what are you using to work out
and and my own body weight on
on body weight
well that's the best workout you can do you sound like you've you sound changed
i'm saying
you are chasing your past year uh... growing up
your grown-up sounds like your past your youthful indiscretions
that's pretty good though right
sure that does sound pretty good
so what do you want to put on the list
i just want to put
p ninety x in time
i mean it's i think it's good so to go high on the list
he didn't use it a catchphrase in it
bring it
what am i putting on this
he puts his x he makes the x out of the arms he says bring it
ninety x
you know where this goes on the list it's good literally be lower than no
second
Second, not going second, P90X and Tom.
And though it's pretty good.
Now this is going, this is going.
Well, yeah, and also Tom.
Yeah, wild high.
Mike is saying while being high.
No, I think later in the summer,
like all the FOPs, they tell a party
and they do this while lifting your show.
It could be like a big meetup.
Sure.
We could rent out of space, get a big TV.
Looking hot box everybody.
What's that?
start pumping weed in through the uh... events
lock the room get everybody high
i don't know that
unlike this
pina i know you know what though you're a caller
and i will say pina in all seriousness
you and i we go all the way back i know we do
that's why we get these guys they come through
they come and go that they do exactly
and where where the guy said stay
will you
of god it is just me and you
and i got
i gotta get out of here but i don't know if it's just me and you
that's it
but you know what
how about who we've seen come and go
names of people purple purple
purple shirt opposite them
while he's still a lawyer he comes back
but uh... that james guys like that
the legal back a little more the leader
sattington
he's still around
okay
well
the leader remember that guy
the leader he had himself worked up as if he was the ultimate enemy of the
program
he was okay
kid kansas
hit kansas exactly
stevey blue
i like him
you like him
yeah they come and they go there's only a few evergreens
whatever happened to gordon chris
those are good guys
yeah
while they stop listening
they're gone
but they come and they go to the store and he was around from the beginning
yes Jason was around from the beginning pretty good still it's just me and you
buddy
okay
me and you Batman and Robin
yeah right
yeah Tom
PDX and Tom I gotta put it on you you're you've been around too long for me not
to put this on
I'm going to go I'm putting it below cooling off in the universal studios
fountain
and above
all the boring parts of the exorcist
that's not too bad right
that's okay
that's not very good but
he is p d p d
p d p wait what is the team
p not p ninety x p
ninety x
it's like a ninety days uh... the work out and
and it's x for extreme
love it thank you
uh... expo
you and me buddy
fm you you're on the air
they tom how are you tonight i'm doing okay who's this
uh... this is matt and vancouver
how are things in vancouver tonight
uh... they're not too bad it's fairly pleasant outdoors
yeah it's great that i have something a couple items for the
that's god's country up there
oh yeah
vancouver
it's uh...
i can be gas country i guess it's it's not raining today and that's that's
nice to smoke alarm
my ear
if i'm you you're on the air
it's on this is nate from st paul
nate from st paul how are you doing tonight
and are you doing
do it okay
i got that something for the list and this is kind of uh... ambiguous it could
go either way you know high-end low-end
but there's this bar in minneapolis well the triple rock social club yes
and i'm going on Saturday to see paul f thompkins
Obviously, that's going to be high on the list.
Yes.
Right off the bat, Paul F. Tonkin's live.
Let's figure out where that goes.
I'm saying Paul F. Tonkin's live.
I'm going to make it Paul F. Tonkin slash Patton Oswalt live.
Ooh.
I'm putting it in.
Yeah.
I'm putting it in.
It's a tie with sports at their best.
That works, but what I was calling about is actually this particular bar has a, they have like a,
but you're not putting that, I was not going to say that, I'm taking off the list.
Go ahead. So this bar, the triple rock social club.
They have this menu and they have something called the Cooks Revenge.
This is sort of like a variation of that one guy you called earlier and said,
well you go to a restaurant and you don't know what you want until the last minute.
Kind of like that. It's the cooks revenge is something. You know you order it
Indicate whether you want vegan vegetarian or meat options, and that's it
Everything else is completely out of your control. You're at the mercy of the chef. You're given. No refunds. No substitutions
And how what does this cost 99 cents?
It's I think it's like seven or eight dollars
But the food is you know across the board there is is reliably good
And you know you could give it burrito you could get the hummus you could get an order of mac and cheese
Steak and eggs all kinds of stuff, but you don't know what you're going to get and
You can't substitute anything
So it's kind of like you know, it's kind of like playing roulette with food
And where do you want to put that on the list? I would say it's your call
That sounds terrible to me. Cooks for Fange. What did I do to the cook?
Well my fault he's a cook. Maybe it's like an underhanded way of provoking you to be
nice to your server. I am nice. You guys trying to get cook starting to
amatted me? Why? You know what this goes? Right below the sex in the city movie
according to Laura and right above any Garfield subversions the cooks the cooks
revenge at triple rock rock social club yes in Saint Paul it's in Minneapolis
in Minneapolis I mean I'll vouch for the overall quality of their food but it's
like you know knowing what you order and getting something arbitrarily
decided for you a different thing yes
that i will say
first of all what it went as far apart on his playing this weekend
the saturday
the saturday anybody you're not in many apples if you don't go see that show
not
you got nothing else going on up there
go to it
and then uh... for people in new york
you look forward uh... pat nazwalt is coming to town
let's see if i can find those tour dates
let's see
he is going to be performing at
the
where is it carolines i think
yes that carolines is going to be carolines at the end of uh... june
and people are not if they don't go to that
tell you that's not
if you miss that
your dumb
well thank you for your call young man and have a good time at the show
i will
fm you you're on the air
they come out here
fm you you're on the air
it's on
they are you
i could argue
doing okay
uh... what's your name i'm i'm mark i'm from Winnipeg all the way up in
canada love it canada always coming through for the show
yeah i love the show on first-time call actually so i don't know i'm thinking
about the move
you think about the move yes
now is a good time it's uh... there's no snow and uh... the weather's actually
perfect
so
good time
so what do you have for the list
uh...
uh... for the topic uh...
my girlfriend took me to a show a while ago and uh... band i didn't want to
see
but you go to the show and there's a couple opening band
and discovered that one of the opening band is just
amazing
better than the
band leader there
and
they just become your favorite band because you know
they're great
but you've never heard of them and i think that
pretty cool when you find a new band of the show or
and who who is a who who's the example you've got
i went to the modest mouth
who they're okay i'm not really fond of them
but this band called man-man
came out on stage and never heard of them before but they were just
So full of energy and crazy like there's 10 of them and guys beating on stuff with bats and it's just crazy and I loved it.
I had that same thing happen. I went to see sticks when they were doing the corner on the cornerstone tour.
Right?
Look, I'm a huge sticks fan. Enormous sticks fan.
Yeah.
These guys came out. They blew sticks off the stage.
And I'm telling you this is this is sticks doing renegade
This is them doing everything come sell away. They run sticks were at peak form
Spanned out by a guy just blew away and out ballet. They blew these guys away. I
Ended up buying everything I could from spanned out ballet
couldn't believe then I
I go see Spandau Bellet in concert and I guess turn around this fair play. Spandau
Bellet were pretty good that night. Spand blew them off the stage. Unbelievable. I
have no idea where they came from. That band, Dostowman. Awesome. Things like
that like those are cool moments when you just discover someone just as
This is awesome as the band you want to see.
Yes, let's see.
Wait, hold on.
Please don't tell me.
Somebody is sending me a thing.
Is this a...
Somebody sent me a copy.
This is actually, they sent me a picture.
Kick the Bobo did it again.
Sending a picture of the list, the book.
He's saying that this should be my book.
You know what that would look like.
The list should be your book.
That this should be my book, just this list.
So we're going to put on the list here.
seeing an opening band, having an opening band blow you away.
Yeah, I think it's just great.
I'm putting that above sitting around the campfire
with the sun.
Seriously, I'm ready to move that down.
I don't know this guy's kid.
I'm moving that down.
First of all, before I even put that on the list,
I'm moving that down to this guy's
It's going to be mad, John from Maplewood.
I'm moving it below, stubbing your toe.
Oh, I do have one bad one for the list.
Or a lower one for the list.
We'll put the band thing on here first.
It's going, let's see, getting blown away
by an opening band.
Right below the perfect waffle and right above randomly ordering
something amazing in a restaurant.
what's the what's the what's the potentially bad thing you've got
you're walking somewhere like downtown or something and somebody comes by and
the car is just booming ridiculously loud bass so you can't even hear their
music
i think that's just terrible
overly loud bass that's what i call it
what do you know man
it off my phone
fm you're on my air and you're on my air
yes it is my air fm you you're on the air and my air how are you
hey Tom thank you for leaving to the air it's a frank from we hawkins frank
from we i guess i say welcome to my air
fm you welcome to my air
how are you tonight frank
you want me to try it again with the intro with these my air and thank you for
using the air now let's uh... i want to be forced
all right i'll try for next time i got a few things written down i may have missed
the topic song uh... let me try and get it to be my first item
all right
all right uh...
discovering that you're uh...
favorite place to get a sandwich that
got one of those electronic machines that just when you put in your order it
doesn't make it like they uh...
they used to any more
was the jettons
i've no idea what i want to work with check they got that push button machine
now yeah
you know before that the people behind it took your order they made like a
really good sub another they were placed in with that
not the robot but like that ordering thing people just don't make it the same
anymore
rethink that thing is making your sandwich
they're not making it but they're not but then i don't know i don't know i don't
know i don't know
snazza this is not a brazil
i refuse to put that on the list what's next all right
you talked about it a couple weeks ago professional gamers and making
salaries playing games professional gamers goes
below
below traffic on the bqe
below the sex in the city movement going way down
professional gamers goes below
below debilitating sinus headache
it's all it's still falling it's going below taking your shoes off
in public professional gamers the only thing standing between professional
gamers and the basement which is the broken vegan commenter is clipping your
fingernails on the subway well done thank you don't get too mad at those
machines making your sandwiches I found new places to go to this is i-robot it's
the cold future top
the futures now
fm you you're on the air
hey tom's listening to you love it how are you doing
i'm doing well how are you
well that's good
uh... i get something for the list
um... cg i
in uh... replacing story-telling
cg i
So we just we went the other night to see what were you calling it I J A T K C S.
Yeah.
Oh my goodness.
In the out of Jones movie.
Wow.
That was bad.
Well, even even after your show, I didn't think it was possible to be.
It was aggressively disappointing.
Yeah.
It was.
Oh yeah.
going to see go for it and the monkeys and then the
and uh...
the flying saucer and uh... just everything it did there wasn't a single
thing that look like it was shot anywhere
in a place
see in a natural place where somebody could be absolutely you are you have
uh... you are below
taking shoot person taking shoes off in public and above professional gamers
Wow, wow, you know bad that movie was this is at the beginning of the summer
I never would have predicted that if somebody would have said
bet on this and
I will and and you will get odds of a hundred to one a
Thousand-to-one I still would not have put a dollar down on this if somebody said
bet on the the state the following statement the special effects in
And don't mess with the zohann will be better than the special effects in the Indiana Jones movie
Yeah, you wouldn't take that bet. I would never take that bet you it would have been a fool to take that bet and and you would have won that bet I
Would have won when the zohann is running through
Through New York. He's climbing buildings and stuff. It looked better than the Indiana Jones move
Who would have thought that Dennis Dugan would have out directed Steven Spielberg?
Well, you know, how the mighty have fallen.
Yes, they have fallen.
Just dreadful.
And to that point, the CGI in replacing storytelling, I have a number of friends who
work at some big effects houses and some of them were working on Speed Racer a while
ago.
Yes.
And they had a drop dead date, you know, the date at which they have to have these shots
done, you know, to get them in for the movie, and they were going to miss it, and they were
actually told, doesn't matter, we'll do without them. So, basically, they were saying, they're
just shots, they don't have any, you know, meaning they don't have any, you know, place
in telling a story, they're just shots. We can, we'll put them in the movie, we won't
put him in the movie it doesn't matter did you see speed racer
uh... i i i i can't you did not i said i could i couldn't do it
get this let's enter t
i saw speed racer in i'm x
and you're never gonna believe this this might be the definition of insanity
i went back
i saw twice in i'm x
i'm telling you
i'll stand by the speed racer movie i'll stand by it
this thing was insane
i think i'll say about the speed racer thing
if if you came up to me and said hey i saw speed racer as a worst movie i've
seen in five years you know i would say that
i absolutely understand that
but if you said to me as a speed racer and it was weirdly affecting
and i uh... i would say i got to understand that
well i i you know i can understand i think where you're coming from in terms of
of bracketing it as an experience, as opposed to a movie.
Oh, I saw a toy.
No, this is a movie.
This thing's a movie.
Is it a movie?
Is it a movie or is it just a thrill ride?
No.
Because it looks to me like it's kind of the epitome of so
many things that they're how it is.
It's a thrill ride of the summer.
It's like, it's supposed to be a thrill ride.
It's supposed to be a movie.
I saw it twice.
That thing's a movie.
it's an insane movie
told by two weirdos
telling a family movie but you know what
it was weird it was weirdo's telling story about a weird family
was a weird family telling story about a weird family
i i i i
here what you're saying and i will strangely touched by it
if i get a chance i will actually put myself
you know what
now you'd be put yourself through the delight of it
well maybe that would be that would be great no no no it's too late for you
I don't want you seeing it now.
Okay.
I'm not.
I'm I'm I'm but you will miss it in IMAX the IMAX experience that has come and gone for
people.
Hmm.
Maybe it's a universal city walks though.
You should do if it's in IMAX you should see it.
I should try to do that.
Well I did want to add another to the list which is where we went to see I.J. A.T.
Yes.
What are where is that?
Yes.
At the drive in.
Drive in.
at the drive-in movie theater here's the weird thing
i'm gonna put
i'm gonna put
seeing a movie at the drive-in is going to go
below randomly ordering something amazing at a restaurant
seeing a movie
at the drive-in
that goes there but weirdly enough
listening to the band
at the drive-in
is going below debilitating sinus edick
you know that band at the drive-in
oh yes yes
their way below there
it's weird so one thing
sing a movie at the drive-ins way up
listening to the band called at the drive-in way down
yeah i don't listen to you
you're welcome have a good week
you too
fm you you're on the air
uh... height on
doin' okay how are you
and that this is and calling from you jersey
what you got for me sam
okay so topic for your list yes that show on the fm you
i can't do the list will input will fold in on itself
i wish i could because it would go uh... right below adopting a uh... an
old or animal from a shelter
okay can't though
alright i tried this shows not about bragging
well you know
so i think it's all about
thank you sam
okay
let me say before i get uh... too far along
last night in maxwells
special secret show
routinely on the pharmacists
holy moly
i'm telling you that was one of the best things that was probably the best i've
ever seen them
and they're usually they're always awesome
but they were on fire last night
they were just killing it
big steve
and and
he was going off like nobody's business
this guy was bad be a beating his drums like they ought to money
unbelievable
new songs these new songs
typically in the pharmacist
on their hands if they were if those songs
take shape the way they should
home run
straight up home run
on fire
And then the encore, one, two punch.
Rock and roll dreams will come through
right into the world as in the Turlet,
which is the song that we wrote all on the radio collectively two weeks ago,
which has taken the internet by storm also.
If you type in the word Turlet at Google,
that comes up pretty early in it.
The word Turlet is now owned by Ted Leo and the pharmacist.
I wonder if they'll name their album The World is in the Turlet and Ten
Toe Tappers.
The world is in the Turlet plus ten catchy Toe Tappers. That's my pitch for the
album title.
Then the funny thing about that is
the world won't be the only thing in the Turlet.
Their career will be in the Turlet.
if i'm you you're on the air
and
gone
a whole lot
yeah i got i got something for the last
like your attitude
if i'm you're on the air
a time to do it all right how are you
i've got something for the list
i got something for the list
the last guy
or just uh... moved on from
don't do many favors
i got every line has been lit up
since this topic was put forth
yeah i got some for the list
well what do you have for me young man
well i i you know i want to call in with uh... video gamer clams but i think
right from we all can still like thunder so i got something else
what do you have
i got finding a
rum set in new york city
you can play as loud as you want
finding a what
a drum set
finding a drum set
finding a place where you can play a drum set is loud or finding the actual
drum set
find find the place
like a rehearsal space because you know you can't really go nuts in new york
you're living in apartment you got people living above and below you you can
own a drum set so is this based on a drum set you found
i didn't wall you mean like getting access to a drum set
uh it was it was an invitation to what that hey you should come over to this
This is two nuts. This is two nuts. This guy and his drum set story. I have to move on.
There's three minutes left in the program. FMU, you're on the air.
Hey Tom, it's Eddie. Eddie. Missing in action.
It's been tough getting through, man. You've had some little Trump in the topics.
Rookie of the year for 2007. What do you got for me, Eddie?
Show them what made you rookie of the year. Show them.
all right um start with uh one thing here uh white people with dreadlocks white people
with dreadlocks yeah it's uh it's going low for me yeah it's going near the that goes uh
that's going right above Dave Chappelle Dane cook uh stand up marathon battle
yeah a little full patronizing i think yeah um on the reverse end is watching um
the post Super Bowl Bill Belichick press conference
it's going way up way up on the list available on the NFL calm
Bill Belichick post Super Bowl press conference that's going above the
perfect waffle
Bill Bella check he just would rather be anywhere I'd
probably rather be having post Super Bowl press conference
Oh, he's just like he's so twisted and miserable. It's great. You got to know anything else, Eddie
Pardon you did it. Oh, you showed them how it was done. So it makes you the master
Thanks, buddy
Got two calls. I got three calls to get through here in two minutes. Watch this FM you you're on the air
Hi Tom. Hi, who's this? This is Mike in DC. What do you got for me Mike? I've got one thing for the list
What is it? It's when an old
Formerly great artist who's now gone into the Turlet comes back and knocks one out of the park like who oh
Geez the idea is there
They're not there right now, but I can't put on list as a
Flop you flop Mike Fm. You're on the air. Hey Tom. Hi. Who's this?
This is Christopher from Kansas City. What do you got Christopher real fast?
uh people who pay for things over a dollar strictly in change
I'm putting that on the list that's uh that goes uh going above sitting around the campfire with your son
that works
thanks son
thank you
bye
let's just change
final call fm you you're on the air
Hey, Tom. Hey, who's this?
It's Man Vancouver again.
What do you got, Matt?
A real simple one.
This one is just getting chased by a dog and having people watch.
I don't understand that one.
It's this weird, crazy talk.
Vancouver.
Here's the list real fast.
Top to bottom.
Geese Crossing Street.
Adopting an older animal from a shelter.
Finding unexpected money in your pants.
Seeing a dog in the driver's seat of an empty car.
Sports at their best.
People watching a camping movie while camping.
post-superball press conference the perfect waffle
getting blown away by an opening band
randomly ordering something amazing in a restaurant
seeing a movie at the drive-in
hugging a line cup slash pandas slash koala slash chimp
sixty-minute episodes of colombo
burn hurts octave interviews
black jeans text messaging blue jeans ninety-minute colombo episodes a call
from spike what is this reservoir dogs
blocking the fast lane on the escalator
cooling off in the universal studios fountain
p ninety x and tom
all the boring parts of the exorcist
watching burner hurts our movies
aragon cop trying to cut through the bqe traffic
traffic on the bqe stubbing your toe
paying for things above a dollar with just change
sitting around the campfire with your son
the sex in the city movie according to laura
the cooks revenge of the triple rock social club in many appleis
any garfield subversions
giving tom the attitude a tie which is that which cannot be said
and the guy in short shorts looking for tiny tim records
white people with dreadlocks
the dave shapelle dane cook stand-up marathon battle
delivery men who smoke in the car and pollute my food order
creeps on misconnections on craigslist
smell of a lit cigarette where it is neither welcome nor expected
debilitating sinus headaches
listening to the band at the drive-in
person taking off shoes in public
c gi and movies
professional gamers clipping fingernails on subway
brooklyn vegan commenters
and the new thing at the top of the list
the return of the six hours of power
evan funk davies
holding it down from eleven to two are you in one of these cd seven
did he put a cd in
did i not notice
Number 15, let me see, is that him?
No, that's not him.
Oh, that was him.
Whoops.
WFMU East Orange, WXHD Mount Hope.
Worldwide on the World Wide Web at WFMU.org.
Everybody, stay tuned.
Evan Funk Davies is coming.
He's gonna bring you three hours
of the craziest stuff you ever heard.
Tonight, as he has been promoting all week,
It's his retrospective tribute to Alan Ginsburg.
He has a very rare lecture that Alan Ginsburg did at NYU in 1978
that he will be playing in its entirety.
So all you Ginsburg fans get ready because Evan Funk Davies is back
and he's got three hours of the master poet.
He's got a rare alternate version of Howell
that he's going to be playing tonight.
Best show back next week.