🎵
Ah yes...
Ah yes...
Ah, yes, this is W.F. M. U. East Orange, W. X. H. D. Mount Hope, worldwide on the
World Wide Web at W.F. M. U., dot O. R. G., and this is the best show on W.F. M. U.
Coming up, right, now.
That's Radio Show, ever.
Hey, who's this?
Well, I am by the trail of Governor Valentine.
It's, uh, Gerald Perlmutter.
Tom Sharpling, Governor of Party.
It's on the circle, sir.
Hey, Thomas, Mark, Michael.
This is Richard Card, Richard Card.
What's your name?
Baron.
Baron.
And, well, what's inside the tube?
Firecrice.
Maurice Kurtz.
Horrifying.
Hey, Thomas, Bruce.
Johnny!
Who's this?
Cindy Vitus.
Ginger Vitus.
Yes, they have Rick Feloni at the wall.
I guess who would.
I hate you.
It's Peter.
Hey, it's Steinberg.
Mm-hmm.
Do all creepy and I'm hanging upon you.
Boing.
Roger Douglas.
My name is Ollie Fairnock.
I'll say it.
You'll hear it.
You'll do it.
I'll get it. You'll learn it. I'll live with it and you'll die without it.
Smash your trash.
There's a call to me, Paul.
Good day.
What's up, Tom? It's Justin.
Hey, it's Michelle.
Yeah, Tom. This is Jim Ripple. How you doing?
When I get to do the toilet talk now, the vaudeville of the new century.
My name is Tom Riley. I'm calling from New Zealand.
Hey, man, it's Brian.
Ted, don't stand with that. It's a ten-pole. It's a ten-pole show.
Hey, this is Ted Lea.
Whaaat?
This is Pete from the Future.
Hi, Tom. It's DJ Terry Chase.
from Knoxville. Super caller. My name is Mike Sajak. Get off my phone I don't
care. I'm going to go with your bed now. It's on the court. How are you? I was in a
band in the early 1990s. My name is Jerry Page. My name is Jeffrey Ludell. It's a fat
deceased wilder ragged neck. The disenfranchised have a home now. I'm the
the hero of the business franchise.
Because it's the
The best show
The best show
Yeah !
The best show ?
The time when you left me ?
You're the best show ?
The time when you left me ?
You're the best show ?
The time when you left me ?
You're the best show ?
The time when you left me ?
You're the best show ?
The time when you left me ?
You're the best show ?
The time when you left me ?
You're the best show
The time when you left me ?
You're the best show ?
We were coming up from time for another dimension
I was flying upon a tear-size intention
I put to wear portraits and from a mask who turned me
Just on my way to misty the dawn of my energy
You know your words call
Sonic a love that you play
Oh, how did you say
Oh, someone's got your own thoughts and a blame
Oh, no, it's never enough
Oh, no, it's never enough
Don't you get comfortable
Let's have a flash, don't drop the cuz it's too shiny, let's leave the bed, be it big, let's drop a stretch, I'll say
And the same thing will believe your voice will never break you
But there's any full chain of legend, enough, every night's from the day
I'm all so small
Not the natural pain
Well, go to save
All of this and share your feelings
The pain is never enough
Never enough
The pain is never enough
Never enough
Never enough
So
Let it see what the stun comes in, and your billy club will always get the right up way,
but when your flowers get met with the pepper spray,
well I'd say you got the right to go a little crazy,
We say, run for top of power,
rise up lens and space,
and journalist questions answered with a cannot place,
and commercial interests keep the truth off your T-3
where they laughed,
opened me good when one makes you think
you're gonna stand free,
eyes on,
low,
low,
is in a dry,
high,
high,
loose,
loose,
low,
high,
high,
So
Yes, I'd like to mash every tooth in your head
Oh, sweetness, sweetness, I was only joking
When I said if I write to you, should be bludgeoned in your bed
And now I know I'm gonna block those
Now I know I'm gonna block those
And the plane's rose to a Roman nose
And the walkman's starting to melt
And I just know I'd take my place and do the things
And now I know how Joe loves you
Now I know how Joe loves you
As the flame grows to run and knows
And I'm hearing eight stars in tonight
In my blood of the dark, in my blood of the dark, in my strife again
And I've got the right to take my place in the moon
I've got the moon to take my place in the dark, in my blood of the dark
In my strife again, I've got the right to take my place in the moon
Take the bass line out.
Uh-huh.
Here we go.
Down.
Let it bump.
Uh-huh.
It's a hard night like this.
It's a hard night like this.
From standing on the corners,
popping, to driving some of the hardest cars
New york has ever seen For drivin' some of the hottest verses rappers ever heard
From the dope spot with the smoke blocks Singin' the murder scene
You know me well For nightmares of a lonely cell
My only hell but since when y'all niggas know me to fail
No, real my niggas with the rubber grips For shots
And if you with me, mama rubbo your throat And what not?
I'm from the school of the hard knocks We must not let outsiders violate our blocks
And my plot has thickened the world and split it 50-50
Uh-huh, let's take the dough and stay real tricky
Uh-huh, let's sip the crisp and get fizzy fizzy
Flow infinitely like the memory of my niggy
Baby, you know it's hell when I come through
The life and times of charm carting it, volume two
It's the hardback line for us
It's the hardback line for us
Set it free, let's break it
Set it free, set it free, set it free
It's the hardback line
I flow for gold, throw it out
All money, block down in a 10 by 4
You're trolling our house
We live in hard knocks
We don't take over, we bar blocks
Burn it down and you can have it back daddy
I'd rather that, I flow for chicks wishing
I ain't have to strip the pay to wishing
I see your vision, mama
I put my money on the long shots
All my ballers, that's born to clock
No mama be on top, whether I perform or not
I went for lukewarm, not hot
Sleeping on futons and cops
The king size, green machines, the green fives
The same fives, let the thing between my eyes and the thighs like eels
Then I put it down tight grill
I'm tight grill with the phony rappers, y'all might feel we homies
I'm like still, y'all don't know me
I'm tight grill, when my situation ain't improving
I'm tryna murder everything, movin'
It's the hard, not the light, for us
Set it free, next, we get sick
Set it free, next, we get sick
It's the hard, not the light, for us
Set it free, next, we get sick
Set it free, next, we get sick
I don't know how to sleep, I gotta hear
Got a lot of beef, so logically, I pray on my foes
Punch the steel inside of me
And as far as progress, you be hard-pressed
Be fun and other rap, or hide as me
I gave you prophecy on my first joint
And y'all all lame doubt
Didn't really appreciate it
Till the second one came out
So I stretched the game out
Ask your name out
Put jigger on top
And drop out with non-stop for ya
I'm glad to see you bring it some of the table.
Well, well, you never, well, I don't know. I think we got off on the wrong foot.
Look, son, this is the big leagues.
Yeah, you're barely T-ball level.
You go up to the, when I play the T-ball, the ball's standing on the stand for you.
You just gotta swing away.
You can't even do your, you're hitting yourself in the head with the bat.
You're T-ball, Junior.
Get off my phone, you little troll.
The best show, double your weapon
The best show, double your weapon
Double your weapon, double your weapon
Double your weapon, double your weapon
Oh
Best show, hoo hoo. Back again on another Tuesday night, Best show here, 3 hours of
M ayam, not an equal measure, not an equal measure. For example, how is it sound Mike?
you sound all right FM you hey hey hey how's that WFM you best show here with
you till 11 p.m. my name's Tom Sharpling I'm the host doing what we do here each
and every Tuesday night trying to have a good time tonight should be a fun show
last week was a complete flame out a total train wreck one of one of the
most disappointing shows I've ever been a part of. Not the worst show I've been
a part of. Truly one of the most disappointing though. I went in picturing
one thing and that thing turned out to be something completely different when I
left. Now you might get a grand old time doing the show last week. I don't know why,
but he did. So anyway, we've got... let's say what music we heard first of all.
We just heard Jay-Z with my theme song. That's my theme song we just heard. Hard
knock life. That's right. It's a hard knock life for me. The Master, Jay-Z. Before
that, the Smiths, by request. Big mouth strikes again. And starting us off at the
top brand new music from Ted Leo and the pharmacist from brand new record they
have had a new EP that they put out called rapid response which is a benefit
EP came out very very quickly very uh instant karma ish they decided to do it
they recorded it they put it out just like instant karma boom drop it one week
Bing Bong. That song was called Paranoia and people want to get that record to go
over to the Touch and Go website. I think you can get it over there. I think you
might be able to get it at iTunes by now. I know it was up for for a limited time
only at the Touch and Go website. I think it might have swung over to the iTunes
site by now, but it is a charity record and it is worth getting.
Yes it is on iTunes, so go get it.
The phone number 201-209-9368, so last week was a complete disaster, total flameout.
This week is going to be different, because this week, this week, oh wait a minute, I
know what this week is. This is the debate tonight. No one's going to listen.
Why am I even here?
No one's going to hear this show.
You know what?
My Twitter.
I'm going to roll over just because literally there's no one listening tonight because everyone
in America except for me and Mike are watching the debate. Am I going to quit
because of that? Is that going to just say one thing going to encourage me? This
is your answer.
No! No Pangea. I thought about it for a second. Not going to quit. Not going to quit. I'm not
playing Pangea. I'm not hiding behind Miles Davis tonight. Just because there's no one
out there. I see two lines flashing, and I know who both of these lines are. Am I
right, Mike? No! Number two is a shocker, but number one is who it always is.
Let's get this over with FM you're on the air
Hello sharp lane
Hello sharp lane
Where'd that come from?
I'm in good mode
Well what's up tonight Spike
You know I was watching
I was watching this movie called the Transformers
The Transformers I have not seen the Transformers yet
I didn't get it
It was with that stinky liby person
Yeah
And there was another movie just flipped by, yeah, called eight mile. Yeah, okay
I think I was with that with anima, anima, whatever his name is, gentlemen, anima, whatever
Yeah, whatever
Now, so are you going to pay attention to the debates? No, I'm not you're not. No, you're not. You know why this shows for the ages
Sure the debate is tonight, but what about the guy listening on the on the podcast?
He wants to hear me going,
eeee, what about the debate?
I gotta tough this out.
I gotta pretend I'm in a vacuum.
I'm on the space shuttle right now.
I absolutely agree with the debate and not my scene.
This one's for the ages.
This shows for the ages.
I can't cater to something so transitory as time.
I agree.
You agree?
I agree with you goodness gracious I know it's a shock yes it's a shock that we
agree on something I know and it's a very scary thought but anything else
anything else on your agenda tonight oh no just the usual I'm playing the Sims
2 Sims 2 which character are you playing now actually Howard howard
It's doing and moving them moving him into a nice apartment. Okay. Is this character
Is this character throwing his life away by calling a radio show every week? No, no, no not flushing his entire existence away
No, no
Not that I do that either, but I didn't say you did that. I was asking of Howard's doing did that no I
uh...
i don't think that i don't watch the big the boring
there to me even on on for obama i don't watch the big
i heard new york is in play again i heard uh... mccain has a
a five-point lead in new york
he shouldn't
i heard the the saying
the mccain at the the obama campaign is thinking of dropping out in new york
mmm i shouldn't do that that they're going to concede new york
to uh... they're going to concede new york
and uh... and uh... massachusetts to mccain
uh... that's a scary thought
very scary
and personally i think somebody's one said
on another show i don't remember who show was
but uh...
that barack obama
if not hillary
he should have picked judge judy
and who said that another show you
No, it was, uh...
Eve Ho!
I got no time for this guy.
You tell him he's done for the night.
New regime.
Newer regime.
That guy was right.
That guy's been running rough shot all over my show lately.
It thinks it's the Tom and Spike show.
Listen to this guy.
Blah, blah, blah, Judge Judy.
Blah, blah, blah.
Chucky.
Blah, blah, blah.
Uh...
Sims 2.
Blah, blah, blah.
Blah, blah, blah.
his sims characters are bored with them
they're looking up at him saying seriously this is our master
this is the guy who we have to obey everything he says
they're trying to figure out a way to uh... delete themselves
FMU you're on the air
hey Tom how you doing this is Jerry and Boulder
Jerry and Boulder how are you tonight? I'm good
I don't know if you're sick of talking about it but I just have to say
i really i don't know if you saw this week entourage
i did not see it yet
please not ruin it for me i heard it was not yet
it's horrible it's the worst
it almost makes me not want to watch it every again
fella out although they've been at that for you man
what is that cool songs kicks off entourage
the duty the paper
if i need addiction but i knew
when what's that they call
And sounds like James addiction
Who is James Addiction?
It's...
This band from the 80s
So...
Uh...
Yeah
And the main guy's name is James Addiction
Ha!
Is that like a punk thing?
No i don't remember the main guy's name
He started the LALA Paleeza
It's been a mama
Aww
Yeah
Oh games
What's the cool song?
That's the coolest thing about the show.
That song and the cool opening montage.
I don't know why I keep watching it, but I can't stop.
Can't stop.
You'll watch it until they take it away.
You'll watch every episode.
Why do we watch it, Tom?
Why?
I know why I watch it.
Because I relate to you.
But why do you watch it?
It's my life up there.
It's why.
Oh, okay.
I know what it's like.
You don't think I see that and I see Vincent Chase.
I see me.
Okay.
You don't think I see me with the the ups and downs of peaks and valleys. I
Was hoping you were more of an E
What
I'm the case I'm the talent. I'm good. I am Mike is he
Like to be all right cool Mike into my that's the saddest thing I've ever heard Mike just yelled out. I'm turtle
Volunteers to be turtle
The question is whose drama no, I'm turtle
Mike's like, I'm turtle. Eh, I'm depressed now. I kind of don't want to look at Mike anymore
I have to call security. Is there any security in the building? We just have Mike removed from the building
I don't know if I ever can look into his eyes again the fact that he literally his mind went to I'm turtle
No, no, I'm turtle
Volunteering that that's the kind of thing you're gonna. That's the kind of thing you're getting to a fight over
Hey, you're turtle. No, I'm not
Hey you start shoving each other Mike's E he's the guy behind the scenes the
visible hand all right I'm I'm Vincent Chase I relate to that show that's why I
watch it I don't know why the rest of you guys watch it thanks Charlie FM you
run there who picked it up too early I got on that one too early huh sorry guy
FM you're on the air hello hello hey yeah I got something to cheer you up yeah
what's your name before you know what's your name oh my name's Sam smurr what's
your name sarah it's like Sarah what an M on the end of it sarah yeah where
are you from sarah I'm from how many Brunswick right now hub city hub city
you read so what do you get the I'm down the street from the hub what do you
got to cheer me up which i will guarantee will make me more depressed
but what do you have
friday night
easy sniper
yeah
the plane
okay where
don pajero in brooklyn
uh... if i go to that show am i going to get assaulted again outside of it
what happened with happiness
uh... got shook down by some uh... some dude
actually i want them i went there and they had to evacuate the block apparently
because
some guy through a hand grenade at another guy
something through a hand grenade at another guy
i don't know where you can get a hand grenade
you sure you want to see in a show on the gaza strip
well i would i would like to see showing a guy to strip but i don't know how to
get there
there's no highway to go there
well maybe i'll see you at that show
maybe i'll see you there should be good i think uh...
did all the basic
artifacts playing
so you're going to be at that show
i'm going to be
you promise
i promise i wouldn't miss it for the world all right
see you there man i'll see you there
i'll see you there thanks bro
i'm not going to that show now
that's the last place i'm going to be now
that guy
holy moly
fm you you're on the air
uh... hello top mrs kurtis in austin kurtis in austin
how are you doing that kurtis
i'm feeling very well how are you
doing okay
what's going on down there in austin
well uh... well i'm not watching the debate
uh... tonight
the whole prospect uh...
kind of horrified me at this point but i'd like to talk
about politics
of a different kind
i've been following the uh... the results on the uh... friend of tom board
stop the clock
this guy wants to talk about the mu binatorial election
which is going on over friends at home dot com ends in like a week or so
thank you thank you i i i was hoping to kind of uh...
to please please stop me if i sound like i'm getting on the soapbox here but uh...
yes
but uh... i've been looking at the other results and uh...
i see that my man uh... associate producer mike
is doing very well but
he's in second right now
he's coming up a little short yeah
and i just want to say to anyone out there who might be a young voter of
a first-time voter
my first presidential election was in two thousand and
i voted for Ralph nader cuz i was a kid
i was that having fun
you know i thought
uh... that was the right thing to do but uh... you know argument for me
and
that and you know i don't i don't blame myself and i don't blame anyone who's
trying to support uh... any of these candidates who are kind of bringing up
the rear at this point but
i do want everyone to keep in mind that the alternative to associate producer
mike at this point is
philadelphia domination of the city of newbridge that's true philip boy roy is
is the front-runner
and uh...
i can't understand why
more people are horrified at this prospect but
but i really want everyone anyone who is in behind mike
right now and and if you're not behind mike i don't really understand why but
put that aside
at least consider casting a vote
or the anyone but roy
coalition
anybody but roy
all right you know you made your point
is what i'm concerned about
the election ends uh... on uh...
i think it's next tuesday
i think it is next tuesday
yet
fifteen right now yes
and uh... the thing about that is
people got to uh... go to friends at home dot com and vote
you got a vote
people got a vote
for the next mayor of new bridge all kinds of candidates it's a it's a three
man race though right now it's mike
yeah roy filly boy roy and markey remone
yeah markey remone seems to have a surge
he has served mike's been getting a lot of votes though it's a it's a foot race
but it again if i could just make a case for mike look
i disagree with michael about a lot of stuff the wire i think it's great but
mike had the courage to stand up
against the tide of opinion and say the wire
not so great
i disagree but that's maverick uh... maverick
maverick
Mike is it?
Zoon ownership?
Zoon ownership?
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
He does just have an iPod.
It's a Zoon.
He loves a Zoon so much you got a tattoo of it.
Ah.
Bold.
Bold.
Maverick.
It's visionary.
Well, that's not push it.
Well, OK.
Thank you for your call, Rocky.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, Tom, it's Mike and Manhattan.
Mike and Manhattan.
What's going on?
Ah, not much.
Not much.
which i just wanted to call say that i thought the last episode of entourage
i think uh... i think the guy at least hurtl is uh... directed the episodes
down
jerry ferrara is going to get a
getting uh... right in credit on the show so you think jerry ferrara is maybe
our next uh...
what if he's like you know the way uh... the way uh...
the the tv stars of the seventies like it was uh... meathead
and then poxie
and i know of ern
all rose they became our most successful directors
twenty years in the for now we're gonna look and be like
turtles gonna be directing movies
i think that's a problem
the winner for best director
jerry for our i get up here
you think he's gonna have a tuxedo in the backwards baseball cap yeah he'll
still wear that dumb red Yankees cap
thanks for the call
fm you you're on the air
tom yes
how are you
doing all right
yeah
who's this
this is got from Birmingham
Scott from Birmingham where alabama
alabama yeah yeah how things going down there
it's awesome
great it is
yeah
you sure you know where you live right
yeah i'm trying to power positive thinking i'm trying to convince myself
that's pretty good because it's really not
that's all right but you have fun yeah i have a good time to make your own party
yeah i do i do
um i have a question you're drunk all the time aren't you
you know it's the only way to get by right it you're just bombed constantly
it is like from five to whenever i pass out yeah
yeah
so what what's going on down there in Birmingham tonight
I need help, Tom.
I live in this dog-friendly neighborhood.
My wife and I own a dog.
And we're responsible dog owners,
and this isn't going to go into bad area.
But we're responsible dog owners
and clean up after our dog.
But apparently, everyone in the neighborhood
has made this decision to not be responsible dog owners
and to do so on the little strip of land
in front of where we park our cars.
and i don't
aside from picking up after other people
and it is fair to retaliate after a point to like find out who's doing it
and target them i just
i have a lot of bad impulses and i don't know if i should follow them
put up a little little message
put a little message on a tree
come on guys pick up after your dog
that doesn't work though there's messages like uh... the other good
uh... dog owner people in the neighborhood have a little message in
in their yard and they get more than we do
i think the message makes people mad then you know what you gotta do you
gotta sit at sit on your roof with it with your hose
it's time for that
okay sit on your roof with your hose and you hose the owners down
okay
but without stop it i mean i'm just afraid it's going to escalate something new
might start but it will stop the dog situation
all right
Okay, I just needed you, I needed someone to come in with that, okay.
And I'm not responsible for anything that happens.
I just wanna make it clear that I, nor WFMU,
am responsible for anything that happens as a residual effect of you
hosing your neighbors down from the roof.
I'm feeling a lot more doubt now, for a moment I felt really pumped up.
And now that you can't stand behind the advice, I'm a little worried.
Then look, why don't you just say to, if you catch somebody in the act,
why don't you go, hey, come on.
I don't, it just feels so rude. It feels so rude.
What are you, what are you, uh, what are you, uh, coward?
No, I'm not a coward. Are you the coward of the county?
I'm the coward of the county, Tom. I think that's what it is.
I don't want to have to get in a fight with someone. I think, because I have, uh...
This has got to be a fight. You can't just have a discussion about it.
Have you ever been to Birmingham before? That's true.
Why don't you get out of Birmingham? I'm planning on it. Seriously, why don't you get out tonight?
Springsteen style. Like a Springsteen character. Why don't you just run?
I have two more months and then I can run. Two more months.
Gotta get out of those sad lands. You're gonna, right?
Yeah, exactly.
Well, where are you going to after that?
I don't know. I graduate school in two months.
And then right now we're trying to figure out where we're going to go when I graduate school.
Where would you like to go?
I don't know. I don't know like some place with mass transit. Someplace where
bands come through and where I can see movies. Sounds like somebody's on the
way to Jersey City. I threw that name out. Is Jersey City worth moving to? I'm just
saying this. I haven't been there but I'd like to think maybe it could be a
contender. Won't you want you to come up and take a look? What should I do? When I
When I come up there, say I have a whirlwind tour in a day.
Yeah?
Yeah?
What do I do?
What's the best side of the city for me?
To see.
Not the best side, but like what puts the best face on the city if I had a day?
You have a, look, we have a thing up here, we have this place called Subway and then
make these sandwiches.
Really?
Tell me.
These are the best sandwiches you've ever had in your life.
What kind of stuff can you get on these sandwiches?
Anything.
Anything.
They'll put anything on them.
Like, yeah, you threw out one thing.
one thing that is a subway
yeah subway
everybody we look forward to arriving in jersey city
fm you you're on the air i gotta keep these calls moving
i'm not playing like the old days where i'd be on with that guy till he's ready
to go
i'm moving i pull the plug on these calls now
fm you're on the air
i don't explain for more lando brian for more lando
yeah formerly from long island formerly from all of what took you to our lando
again
college college
all right
what can i do for you that brian
i heard you talking about in american carol last week and uh...
regretfully i would watch the trailer
uh... did you see the trailer i have seen the trailer that american carol is
the uh... movie featuring uh...
it's directed by uh... david zucker one of the zucker brothers
one of the famous uh... guys behind the uh... airplane movies in the top
secret
know those other movies that haven't aged uh...
well at all
and uh...
make it gone
and this is their uh... this is their uh...
it's this guy david zucker did his uh... right wing movie where he's going to
taste gonna make fun of uh... liberals
right because this guy this guy used to be uh... like a democrat but then all
of a sudden when nine eleven happened
remember when nine eleven happened in the attack hollywood
and everyone in hollywood was scared
uh... i don't remember exactly like that but i guess this guy was uh... scared
that they were going to uh... crash a plane into the uh... chinese theater
or something
i don't know what is it scared they're gonna do some the Santa Monica pier
the hollywood letters
there's nothing there's nothing over four stories high in los angeles
So neither here nor there.
This guy turned into a total coward.
All of a sudden became like a total hawk.
Now he's also old and couldn't possibly go fight.
So he all of a sudden is like,
we need to fight all the time with your kids.
So then he decided to handle it.
In between making scary movies three and four,
he got, I guess he got the urge to do something
that had some edge to it.
so he did this uh... horrifying thing called american carol
which is like a right wing
uh... parody movie
yet it opened at night this weekend
did great
very well to our number one great effort
great look
is what i'll say
you want to say something about Beverly Hills chihuahua you know it's like
people know what they're getting when they go to see that
yeah
nobody's going to see Beverly Hills chihuahua it's like
I thought that thing was gonna be amazing and it turned out just to be something about a dumb dog with the actors doing voices
Here you are forewarned on Beverly Hills Chihuahua. Yeah, there are no shocks in that one. Yeah
So in the trailer for this I I'm not sure if this is the Joker not which
already said something about the movie, but
in the trailer the narrator says
from david ducker the master of movie satire
and i'm going to have
in quotes
the master of movie satire
and the quoted attributed to david ducker
that's true i saw that that way
i was a little joke a little funny joke in the thing
he gave himself his own uh... blurb because uh...
uh... apparently uh... you know the only blurb they'd get would be from uh...
from uh... lu dobs
so let's see only quote in the trailer though
funniest movie of the year niel kavuto
but exactly exactly going to turn out for a niel kavuto uh... recommended
comedy
yeah
thanks for the call
i'm moving
i'm moving and this guy has this good skies uh...
this guy's floating around the room i can't i can't uh... but bounce off the
walls it's like watching a uh... uh... dvd player
uh... in sleep mode
watching that thing bounce from the left side screen to the rights of the
screen
up and down
fm you you're on the air
i don't have to do it tonight doing all right who's this
uh... this is first-time caller com is from nukin and connecticut
uh... first-time caller we like first-time callers how are you tonight
well i'm doing okay
uh... how are you
doing all right
uh...
i heard you express some uh...
from disappointment about last week's show and i have to say
i didn't think it was a
i didn't i think it was a total bus but uh... i thought the the topic was a
little bit uh...
underused
i thought that the uh...
good for you could have could have gone places but not many people
called in and addressed it
and so i was wondering if i might be able to uh... resuscitated briefly at
the beginning of this show
well i give me one real fast
last week's one real bad good for you
and ironic and ironic good for you to uh...
charles <E.D.> hammer and uh... george will and
all together conservative blowhard to uh...
over the past couple weeks
however grudgingly have maybe acknowledged that uh...
there are pale and isn't you know
the best thing for our country and uh...
or maybe uh...
willing to
uh... sacrifice their ego that the altar of uh...
uh...
reason
uh... so that they don't come out uh...
looking so stupid when uh... she totally
drive this country into a ditch
blue
right
thank you by that's a good one
alright thank you come tonight appreciate it
nice enough young man
i don't care that i'm up against the debate i don't care
people to be listening to show in the archive on the archive on thursday
I'm gonna go listen to this show 10 years from now.
I do this for the ages.
Think I'm doing this for one night?
Well, what am I, a street performer?
No, not doing this, it's not a street performance.
Well, this is not improv everywhere.
It's for the ages.
I'm like a pharaoh.
I'm doing this one for eternity.
The one thing though, that is very now, is the need for someone from the show Shut Up
Weirdo.
Is that the name of the show Shut Up Weirdo?
There's a show that starts on Friday on WFMU called Shut Up Weirdo.
And on that show, it's a new show, the new WFMU schedule starts this week, and the
best show stays in its normal spot, Tuesdays 8 to 11, Eastern Standard Time.
But there's a new show added to the schedule called Shut Up Weirdo.
It starts on Friday, and in their description they call themselves WFMU's civilized talk
show.
Which I have to say, I take great offense at that.
So I listen to it, I listen to them doing a fill-in for 7-second delay, all they did
was rip on 7-second delay, that's all they did.
Let's make fun of 7-second delay, I don't like that.
rookies. There's a rookie show. Shut up weirder with Andy Cohen and Frankry. So I
demanded last week that either Andy Cohen or Frankry call up tonight and then
take the opportunity to introduce themselves. As I am a vet here, I am like
an all-star. It's like you go join the team, you come over, you shake the star's
hand. Thank you sir. I appreciate the opportunity to play on this team. It's
very exciting, especially for a talk show. Because these guys, they're talking tough
on their thing blah blah blah seven second delay stinks, which again, it kind of
does stink. That's no secret. But I can say that. I've earned my stripes around
here. When I started off, I'm telling I start off I had nothing but respect for
everybody here. I was as humble as humble can be. I earned my stripes, slowly. How are
you, sir? Good afternoon, madam. I am quite the fan of your program, sir. May I carry
your records, madam? The consummate gentleman, it is only now that I have turned into this
untethered monster.
But I earned it.
And me listening to my elders at the station,
those who knew better than I,
they gave me the road map.
They gave me the road map. They showed me how to do a show around here.
What to do, what not to do.
You learn from those around you.
But this shut up, weirdo, I don't like their approach.
they're coming in like they know everything
that's how you get schooled when these kids these kids come out of college to
go to the nba
boom
there's a learning curve there
go ask a go ask a bill bradley go as dollar bill bradley
ivy league hot shot going prince then
sides to grace the nba with his uh... is is a athletic ability
stunk for two years
is humiliated by the pros
almost run out of the league
so we hear me now
andy kon and or frangry
i want to hear from one of you
to night
two oh one
two oh nine
nine three six eight you're doing a talk show on the station
want to hear from you
also want to get that this uh... acoustomatic theater hour what is that
i look at it i see that jason uh... jason g is doing a show on that as a guy
i guess guys going behind my back
This guy's going in the back door, on the station.
I don't like it.
This is a friend to Tom.
Figure he'd come to me and say, hey, looking to do a show.
What do you think?
Nah, nah.
Sneaky.
Sneaky.
Look, I don't want to have to wipe these shows off the schedule.
201, 209, 936, and I want to hear from someone from Acoustomatic Theatre Hour and shut up, what is it, shut up weirdo?
And if you care, if you know Andy Cohen or Frankery, you might want to shoot them an email and say, you better call tonight.
Because apparently they don't listen. Another blunder on their part, another gaff.
It should be stud. They should be home with a notebook
Rying down every move every mic break every turn twist day. How's he take a call? How's he talk to the people?
I listen to their show they couldn't even get the calls on the air for half the time
It's amateur hour
Learn from those who've come before you learn
It's all I'm asking. I'm not looking to to start a beef with this show. I hope they succeed
succeed. More power to him. I hope this is the biggest show on the station.
The Jeepers creepers. Blah, blah, blah, segment second to lace things. Oh, did you hear that
episode? It was awful. How dare you? How dare you? Shut up weirdo.
And if I don't hear from you tonight, oh, oh, I don't want that to happen.
Then I'll have to give you the radio equivalent of sending you into the woods to pick your
on switch with which I will thrash you heartily six of my best so if you if
you are the caring type you might want to go over do the WFMU schedule or
something email these guys tell them what's what WFMU's civilized call-in
show sickening
what an insult
insult
yeah maybe never heard of uh... dorian
shown in doing a show on the station uh... since forever
all she talks about our are the
uh... science and art
that's not civilized
fm you you're on the air
eight on jason group there we go that's one of the two
all right well what can i do for you you are the host of uh...
kustamatic radio show
uh... the uh... the co-host yeah
and what it was
what is your show about jason g
it is a uh... one hour per week of uh... of strange radio play
uh... you know he's actually
it's kind of like you know uh... sometimes when you say what evan shows
gonna be you can make up something funny that
sounds kind of unlistenable
yeah uh... that's like our actual show really
yeah yeah yeah it's a kind of yeah uh... so we recorded uh...
our first show on wednesday and it's an hour of tango Beckett
okay
yeah yeah so you know it's just for
for people that like the weird stuff you know so it's it's it's it's stuff
from uh... from is it is it
archival stuff or is it newly recorded stuff
uh... we're going to start doing newly recorded stuff once we go we're lining
up people and kind of
putting out calls for stuff but for now
uh... you know just because that takes so much time we're starting off with
archival
at that at that at the history of theater
uh... you could call it that you know i mean we're trying to stay away from
you know uh...
uh... any kind of old-timey stuff and of course we don't want to you know sort of
you know venture too close into your territory want to keep it you know
that's okay or you venture away venture away
Yeah, yeah. Well, we're staying away from comedy for now until we can figure out a way to do our own thing.
Mike, actually, is quite the theater buff. I don't know if you know that.
Oh, really? Is he like musicals?
He likes all theater. He just handed me a note.
If I can even make out what this says, it says something...
Oh, here, he said there's a play called Schnell.
And she is actually going to be appearing in
with the Papermill Playhouse.
Is that true, really?
Yes.
He's going to be appearing in a play called Schnell.
And I guess, what is Schnell, Mike?
He said it's a thing.
It's like takes place in a bunker in World War II.
He plays a Nazi named Gustav.
Is it a comedy?
I don't know.
What I bet you this, I'll bet you
they mean it to be straight
how much of this is the funniest show you've ever seen
so if they did it
it's like a stroke that gets a comedy in the way that stroke that is a comedy
i think so it might get a very twisted sense of humor i'm talking about a
associate producer mike for those who don't know he's a guy who screens the
calls and is the invisible hand behind the show
but this guy man
he
is one of a kind that's the best way to put it
one of a kind
well i'll tell him you know let him know that if you want to have to participate
in our little thing you want to do some theater
all right maybe you can come live on the
maybe you can come on and do schnell
yeah yeah we could maybe like a one-man version of it
can you do a one-man version mike
he said no he needs the full cast
but i don't like agreement
that's kind of disappointing
i just checked a review here it says as schnell is like a glengary glenn ross
with swastikas. I don't know if I want to see that. Yeah. And then there's a picture
of Mike in a uniform. Do you wear this thing, Mike? Yes, that's he said yes. That's his
uniform. Holy moly. Does he ever wear it outside of the theater? I don't even think
it's a you it looks half like a like a Nazi uniform and half like a boating outfit. I
I don't know, I gotta see this thing.
Schnell.
Oh, I will definitely be first online to check it out.
Well, Jason G, let me take this opportunity to say to you,
as one of the elders here.
One of the vets, one of the big wigs around here.
I welcome to WFMU, the Acuse,
how's it?
We don't really know how to pronounce it either, so.
Acusematic.
Is it Akhuzmazek?
I think it's Akhuzmateek, technically, but we pronounce it like four different ways on
the show.
Okay.
The Akhuzmateek Theatre Hour with Carrie Ann, Corinne, Corinne, the Akhuzmateek Theatre
Hour with Corinne and Jason G is going to be on WFMU every Sunday from 9 to 10 p.m.
I wish you well with your new show, Jason G. Welcome to WFMU.
you think you were we're excited and scared and hope that we can
you know we can live up to
your show into the other amazing radio that's on there you know we're trying
to come on our way through it you might want to go tell your brother your
brother rookie show uh...
that they're on the hot seat right now
i ain't heard from nobody from that show
yeah yeah well you know i i i i am a friend of tom first and uh... radio
host second
you know i i had to call in and pay my respect well thank you jason g your
sweet i appreciate it
with my bradulations
okay thanks
i'll see you around
i've ended shows i've ended shows around here
kids own remember that thing that was on saturday mornings
i ran them halfway i ran into this other country
this little lady talk
i've been in the show on others to make a dolins i wiped that show he did a
morning show in cbs f m
i ran him off another station
i've crushed bigger shows
and i was starting this thing this uh... this uh...
the sharplings navy seals
sharpling seals which is going to be like a uh... discrete uh...
a discrete crypto military division of the friends of tom
i got one guy on board was a frank from we hawkin
think that's who i added i can't even remember but um...
i go to this uh... this is this is roguesite it's almost like a uh...
a uh... a uh... like the
the crazed uh...
the crazed division of the friends of tom like these
it's crazed disenfranchised
section of it
these guys someone put up a thing saying war
we've got to go to war with these other shows
is the side of this was a soft service anything i've ever seen
one thing said let's go to war
and is not the friends of tom say the friends of tom dot com this some other
uh... kooky thing
that's going on
where everybody posted anonymously
and they start going on this thing war we've got to go to war one guy put up
and i saw it as like
that's the spirit
That's the spirit. They're going to war.
And then everybody's like, man, let's not go to war.
Man, as soft as anything I've ever seen in my life.
I thought these guys were supposed to be tough guys over there.
They're all anonymous.
Nobody could even be, nobody even had a little bit of spark to them.
Not even a little bit of fire.
Man, thanks, but no thanks.
sickening. Made me sick to my stomach. Uh oh. Might be that time. By the way, it is one
thing that it's time for is it's WFMU East Orange WXHD Man Hope worldwide on the worldwide
web at wfmu.org. Try not to complain anymore on the show. Try not to complain.
But I set a new rule when I complain, when I complain, not to turn the show into a complain-a-thon.
I do it to the tune of a tune of an 80 song.
We'll see if I get to that point.
I want to tell you a little story though.
Went to, I did the double dip with my friends and Death Cab
for Cutie.
They played in Radio City last night.
They killed it.
Killed it.
blow it out
but the night before i i went to lantic city to see them into a hangout
as you know i am a fan of lantic city
so they're down there on sunday so i say you know i'm gonna go get a room
and go down
spend the the night on sunday
i'll see them
so i go on like hotels dot com
fifty five dollar room
$55
It's a bargain. I grab it. I get to the place. It's at the Tropicana
Which sounds luxurious doesn't it?
It's more like the place where they make the orange shoes like the factory where they pour the stuff into the bottles
That's that's what it's actually like inside that place. I
Get into this room
Handy cap accessible
room
i'm not coming down on anybody who uh... who needs uh...
the facilities
glad there's a room for you at the hotel
i'm glad
there's some dude in the wheelchair
but you know what
i'm looking at the thing there's a the the bathroom there's a giant drain in
the middle of the floor
That's what you get for $55.
It's weird bathroom.
So then I go over, go to the show.
They're playing the House of Blues, which is really bluesy.
Man, that place is bluesy.
Really?
really, really bluesy.
Then I go back to the hotel.
The Tropicana.
Well, I'm a little hungry, so I go find a place to eat.
I eat, and then I see it.
The rarest of things.
have wanted to see my entire life. This is something I didn't know if it existed. I've
only heard, I heard talk of it in hush tones. Kind of thing that people, it's like Bigfoot.
Maybe you catch a glimpse. If you're lucky enough, the Loch Ness Monster or Halley's
comment. Comes through once in a lifetime. But I saw it on Sunday night slash Monday
morning. What is it? That's right. I saw with my own eyes a full on beautiful full
color all out casino fight. I've wanted to see this my whole life. I finally saw it.
It was beautiful. I start off in the eating in this nightmare of a restaurant. It's hard
to believe in a casino after hours the food choices are not very appetizing and that's
a shocker. You're saying, Tom, it's a casino. How could the food not be, it just be a buffet
of options? It's not. There's a dump called the Seaside Cafe. And I'm in there choking
food down. Two tables over, three tables over. These guys are having a good old
time all moosed up with their dumb echo mark echo shirts on those patterns on
them those ridiculous t-shirts their hair like moosed almost like a point on
their head and they're getting loud they're getting loud and they're getting
louders like three or four
and then
start reading my magazine
tuning them out
and also i'm alerted
to the fact that they're by the entrance slash exit right now
getting really loud
and they're in the face of this uh... this uh... this manager
who was a uh... like uh...
he was like a it was
all explained he was a black guy
and they're in his face
and they're saying
you don't know you don't tell me to shut up
you don't tell me to shut up and they're all yelling at this guy
like circling him a kind of like really intimidating him
like you don't tell me to shut up
he's like he's like saying you gotta keep it down guys you gotta keep it down
just trying to
I was just trying to run the seaside cafe.
This guy's just trying to get by.
He knows he's, he's shilling this awful food overnight.
He's not, it's not paradise for this guy.
Yeah, he's just trying to get by.
Now with these goons.
You don't tell me to shut up.
Yeah, yeah, you don't tell.
And the one guy's getting up on it,
like like inches away from his face.
And the guy's like, don't touch me.
Don't touch me. I'm not touching you. I'm not but he's like
Physically edging him like edging him without pressing against him
So then the guy reaches for the phone to call security because now it's it's like four against one
and then naturally
Guy says the thing that yeah, here you go you guys like yeah, you wouldn't be doing this if we weren't white oh
Boy as a great move
Nice one, dumb, dumb. First thing it goes to.
And then he starts calling the guy names, all kinds of things.
He's calling them, uh...
He's like, once you go outside and fight me, yeah, you're going to call security.
And, uh, and, uh,
all of a sudden the dynamic changed. It was one of the greatest things I've ever seen.
It went from four against one.
four goons against one uh... restaurant manager
nine security guys against four goons
and they were just sliding them out of the casino just like slide like moving
them along gently
moving them along gently
just kind of guiding these guys out of the casino come on guys let's move
along bubble ball we've
enough's enough
and you think these guys would have would have gotten the hint at this point
when security has shown up
this is not when you step it up
what are you going to fight every security guy
in the casino
there's more of them
then you this is not mars attacks
what it would you jim brown and mars attacks
you're gonna fight every martian
So these guys are getting guided out now.
Now I'm hovering.
I'm watching this thing.
I paid as fast as you could pay.
I think I threw $500 on the table
just so I could get out of there.
Not missed a second this.
I'm hovering around now just like
behind slot machines instead of being away,
sticking my head between,
watching like I'm peeking in the woods,
like, and I'm not the only one.
Everyone is.
It's kind of like in the woods, like Jawas or something, coming out of nowhere, staring
at everything.
We're watching.
We're watching these guys get guided through the slot machines, and I'm just hovering.
I'm walking 10 feet.
I'm walking parallel to these guys for like 100 feet.
Between slot machines, when they'd stop, I'd stop, watch the show, and there's people
alongside me watching the show we're saying this is the best thing I've ever
seen in my life and then the one guy gets into it boom he shoves he shoves
one of the security guys dumbest thing I ever saw my life shoves one of the
security guys boom that's secure one security guys knocks him parallel to the
floor boom just knocks him over like you like a tackling dummy on a football
field. Send him to the floor. Now this guy's going,
sometimes six guys tackled this guy. He's like trying to like
shake him off like he thinks he's going to win.
They're bending his arms back behind his back. They're hand
cuff them. And then the hand cuffed his buddy. And the other
guy, the three of them are handcuffed now. There's only one
the four that's not handcuffed because he managed to totally jump out and like
duck the confrontation but he was definitely yelling he was yelling at
all points in it except for the final point and he must have just been like
oh boy I ducked that one and he's yelling to these guys as they're all
handcuffed being led through the casino by the way to the cheers of everyone in
the casino clapping
it was like in the death wish three when they shot the giggler
and the people are like finally the giggler's dead they shot the giggler
because to see these goons who have uh... who have uh... who have
polluted
anything
that takes place on the shore of new jersey
from cape may all the way up
all the way up to uh... to uh...
point pleasant
all the way up to uh... what's the free beach mic
that aboard walk
sandy hook
all the way up to sandy hook
these guys have polluted
the jersey shore for everyone
and now we cheer
them being hauled off in handcuffs
these bullies
and the one guy who is not handcuffed is like walking now
yelling to his buddies giving them advice
stay cool dude
just a cool man
come down dude
just a cool
and these guys are being let out and handcuffed
i'm not mister authority
not cheering for the man
but these guys were pushing these these guys were pushing it
It was great.
Bad guys lost.
Loud mouths.
A casino fight.
Still haven't heard from anybody from Shut Up Weirdo, huh?
Nope.
All right.
Hour in 10 minutes.
No, hour and 40 minutes, sorry.
Got to hear from someone tonight just to say, hey.
Coming on the station.
how are you
come on shut up weirdo
two oh one two oh nine
nine three six eight
fm you you're on the air
hey who's this
it's officer tom officer tom how are you
not too bad not too bad
my favorite topic
police brutality
you know uh...
but that's obviously had a lot of restraint the casino for charity
uh... i think the one at one most of them did
right one guy definitely uh... turfed out
a little harder than he had to
right well
you know when you're dealing with the drunk public
and everything is heightened in their world
And I've been on both sides of that.
So I know, there's hardly any rational,
you can't reason with them, you know?
These guys were getting racist.
They were yelling homophobic slurs and everybody trying to,
they were trying to provoke the fight.
And nobody was taking the bait.
They're just trying to slide these guys out.
They slide them out.
You guys had enough here.
We'll see you later.
sliding out but they didn't want to do it will never spend another sentence
casino again
well there's one more casino in the lab except i'm sure that the security
and one of them will be happy to throw them out at some point yeah
now they these guys faces are going to be on every uh...
every casino uh... uh... casino uh... little security system
except the problem is
me how could you pick these guys out yet look for a guy in a uh... echo t-shirt
his hair removed stuff
where's everybody in the casino yet we didn't let that guy we thought we saw
that guy
but there were
nine hundred of that guy
tonight exactly
every everybody there is that guy and most of them are from filling that it'll
be me
it'd be me walking around the casino and the and the old timers
the oxygen tanks
you know when when i go to the casino or have like some kind of uh...
interaction with the security at even at a show like i went to see motorhead
like couple of weeks ago
mmm-hmm over in the city you know and
you know i usually let some of the security got to know around
that uh... you know that whatever area i'm in that you know i'm a cop
and if they have it you know they i got it back
because you know the security god they're not making a lot of money they don't
have
a gun or even
any other type of uh...
experience pick or make their case or anything
or talent
it or power or aptitude for a dangerous situation
right right but i'm going to run you know yeah
so luckily most of them uh... they either want to be cops
whether their fat somebody their family the cop
so they extend a lot of currency that uh... to me
like i got in the vip section
right you know yeah yeah so uh... you know i had this advantage is when you get
when you got the security uh... god back
at times yeah
i can start doing that i can start pretending i'm a cop
if you could pass going to clubs
yeah i'm a cop you have to uh... with your hair back up yeah i'll just go
in like i'm a cop go yeah i'm a cop
all i'm gonna i'll just come up with like some cop lingo
off who do you
yeah i think i was going to watch the uh... pro i'll keep an eye on the
perimeter
anything goes down you give me a shout
it's funny because the one guy was helping me out and i go
would do it with your name so that and i have to leave and i was going to go back
and he points to his shirt you know because he has like
he doesn't want to tell me his name he has a number on the shirt like a giant
stadium they'll have numbers
and i go that's perfect because that's exactly what i would do
you know i he goes on number like
five seventeen i go all right on number twelve
and at that point there was a little bond you know and we knew that we had
everything covered
yes and then meanwhile you're uh... you're hanging on the vip room
it
love it
i was hanging out with uh... scottie and of anthrax really
yes
yeah it was a good time we had a good time
seems like a nice guy
scottie and is actually a pretty personable guy he's uh...
you know he's like uh... a local
a local dude
you know north jersey new york area
and uh...
i got a picture of them out i'm going to put it up on uh...
my states so that you can see it
i look forward to that and i know that we're going to get you down here in
the sometime in the month of october
okay you know i'm sure you got the uh... information that i forwarded to
yes yes i'm organizing the october schedule
and we will get you down
very good man you know i'm always available for the best show you got to
help me with my seriously
that are we gonna do we should remember when
when we uh...
did that panel
the call screener panel yeah
back in the day when when matt became the
call screener of a while ago
that was a long time ago when uh...
who was the first call screener his name he gave me right now
dave yes i got to say that
mike really is like
he's doing a great job
but he need we need help with what we need to do it
they was fantastic
matt was fantastic
mike though
that's the gold standard
and it's a standard by what all call screener need to be judged by
and what i mean by the gold standard i mean is that uh...
everything's crashing and i'm in a complete panic
going
looking for uh...
looking for any sort of rations
so i can survive out in the woods from the sky
what's what you're doing is the uh...
is he throwing things at you
not throwing stuff at me he's i think he's
he's put he keeps i aming me these pictures of his uh... is it him in that
play he's in schnell
I'm going to, you know, the only reason I have a mic space page is because of you and the show.
Oh, well that's sweet.
Yeah, but, you know, I actually still get friend requests from some of the listeners.
Yeah, well, you're a legend. Of course you will.
Yeah, well, you know, I hate to bring it up every time, but I am one of the Hall of Famers.
Yes, you are a Hall of Famers, one of the first Hall of Famers.
you know what what people don't understand is what i actually had to do
the to become of all the famer and
you want to know what the most
memorable thing of all of the things i've ever done with the show or
what's that
it's when purple shirt actually kicked me on the mouth that's right
that was that was a lot of that
that was great when there was the battles between officer tom and
purple shirt those are the days
it was a big now what now what do i got
now what what do i got now
james
july
you got a couple of good ones that there's a couple of good callers and i'll tell
you that
you get a lot of a get a wide spectrum
of callers now compared to a couple years from all over the country and all
over the world all over the country exactly i i i enjoyed many of the
callers yes and look it's a different the show has has grown
but you are still a use are still a uh... an essential
part of the show you were there in the beginning i will never forget
your your contributions to the show
and we're gonna have you down in a couple weeks
no problem look at all of my material together for you to do book reviews
yet book group whatever you want you let me know and uh... i'll bring the
necessary material
all right well i look for it i'll shoot you an email this week
all right tom take it away which could be a little bit can you say
tropic and
tropic and a g didn't they close it down
uh... they did
uh... the maybe they did it kind of felt like they might have
they didn't just didn't tell anybody work there
the budget water uh... what a dump
i'm actually going down tomorrow
where you go to a lot of the city not to drop a canada will be staying at
uh... the water club
the water club you're a so you're a you're a classy guy
well i was lucky enough to you know get a comp room i'm pretty i'm taking the
uh... the british biscuit and with me
but you will be a matter of that you flash your badge
and i'm a cop i'm just going to keep control of the uh... casino
i gotta take those chips account them
uh... i get it
yeah just you know let me see what it's like if i win
uh... some of these games
because i'm a cop
well i i had a little bit of controversy at work this week
you know what i'm going to say to you
hold it for next time
when you're in studio i want to hear all the stories i want to hear the
intrigue
i want it's like the departed i want to hear all of it
you got it
all right of the thanks so much we will see you in studio soon
very good have a good night
over now
how come i have a feeling michael not be here the week officer thomas
officer tom's here
michael's like walk backwards toward the door
yeah i think i forgot something in my car
but wait you don't have a
slam
two oh one two oh nine nine three six a we're at the halfway point
ninety minutes left before the show ends
no call from shut up weirdo huh
sick
sick the level of their suspect they have
for a for a veteran talk show
makes me sick to my stomach
201
209
9368
I looked over to the friends of Tom Chat
which I'm in tonight, I don't know why
I just went in, Julie just put up.
I'm never calling again.
You know what, don't call again.
I was supposed to tell you.
What is this, what am I supposed to,
is this a, is this a, is this wamper room?
Supposed to go easy on everybody?
This is not Mr. Rogers' neighborhood.
It's a combat zone.
I gotta keep this thing moving.
That's Spike calling nine times a week.
And every point in the show.
Okay, barely has any idea what we're talking about.
I gotta keep this thing moving.
Look, I like your calls, Julie.
If you don't want to call, oh, I'm gonna do a little
song and dance, please call back.
No.
Get that on my knees.
Nah, please call back.
No.
I beg for nobody. No call is bigger than the show.
How's the debate going? Any reports from the debate, Mike?
So, looking at this, somebody posted a thing saying it was
over at some site called i-film
do you know that
i-film
they posted a a a a link to uh...
like some i forget who was let me let me find it
because last week i was talking about the uh...
the creepy poltergeist commercial that's on TV.
This commercial where Craig T. Nelson kind of
recreates his role from, oh, slash film.
I'm sorry, not eye film.
Craig T. Nelson recreates his role in polterguys, except which is all well and good.
It's one of those commercials where they reinsert themselves into the film.
The only problem with this one is he's doing it with the little girl who died.
It's over at Slashfilm. A young man named Hunter wrote the post at Slashfilm.com.
And all these people in the comments. Hey, here's something shocking. Everybody in the comments section
Everybody in the comments a comment section is
being illiterate and saying and saying any kind of
nasty contrarian opinion. That's it. No, no, I know it's the comments section on a website
not these people saying look political correctness I'm sick of PC stuff PC it's
not PC these guys can do whatever they want with this commercial it's creepy
it's creepy it's all I'm saying it's creepy don't be so sensitive the ads funny
for those not funny it's the opposite of funny weird and creepy acting with that
dead girl how much money does Craig teen Nelson need if I'm you you're on the
air hey Tom hello it's Deb Deb from Portland Deb from Portland how are you
tonight. I'm good. How are you doing? Okay. Excellent. Hey, I had a question for you. We're
listening to some of your CDs out of the flat. I'm not going to talk about that. I can't talk
about that. We'll talk about it. I can't. Well, what a question about somebody on the shoot me
an email. I did, but you didn't answer me. We did hold on. When did you send me an email?
Well, I didn't send you an email because I don't have a direct link to your email, but I sent it on the board today on show discussion.
Okay, well, I didn't get to look at that yet. I'll do it when I get home. I'll answer your thing. I promise.
Okay. I believe you.
You're watching the debate, Deb? Are you watching the debate?
You know, I'm listening to you and I'm having a good time.
Oh, well, thank you.
You're welcome.
You have a good night.
You too. Bye-bye.
mmm fm you you're on the air what's up dude what's that I said what's up dude oh
um not a whole lot cool how are you tonight good who's this it's Todd and
new bridge hey Todd how are you doing all right you you're talking about the
the debate stuff. Yeah. Pretty boring. Yeah, you know, I guess it's done in like a town
hall thing and, you know, look, everybody's watching tonight. I guess I would watch if
I was home. Would you really? I don't know. It's just these guys are just like broken
records or something. I don't know. Yeah. But I'm just kind of, I don't know, I'm just
kind of chillin out drink a couple beers smoking a little cheap what's that smoking
a little cheap yeah okay yeah all right well yeah hey you know I was actually busy during
the first the first hour of your show what's your topic um well I was kind of gonna get
to a topic and a little bit I was kind of telling a story going to Atlantic City and
uh... seen a fight cuz you hang out there sometimes i know i know you like
it there
i got i'd go down
like r and r kind of thing right
yeah i don't know you said i use it as a place where i write actually
kind of ok
all of them
uh...
hey have you played anything
music-wise tonight cuz i i don't i love the stuff that you play
uh...
uh... and cool songs tonight well we played something from a new uh...
tedley on the pharmacists uh... e-peter he's great
called rapid response yet is it's a way to get a new thing
yet to me p he put out less like a charity thing
untouchable
yes
cool okay
because i like to to download uh...
some of the stuff that you play you know i'll go online and get it
played my uh...
in my helmet when i'm uh...
right now
sure sure
hey what
here's a blackness
whatever became of uh...
the guy that was running for water commissioner
brad summer spent
man in it you want to know what that's a good question that he must have
that must have been like four years ago i think it was lower than that even
okay i might it that was a while ago yeah what about built cheetah
never him
yet i was not that was the
the talk show host i i kind of
you're running with the cheetah yeah i wasn't saying that that was nuts
that guy
uh... hang on
well what's that i'm just
got to get out of it
uh... well with the suit
yet i don't wear this
to hate it for like work
the power of the b
i gotta wear it
the power of the
yeah it'd be a good guy's my wife works for their all-in-a-gotta wear this
monkey suit uh-huh
so i don't know it's just so not me you know
you know it is likely it it's almost like that tie is like a noose
yeah kind of like a
what's it like an acronym what is that
uh... what do you mean like a like a simile
now it's like a symbol it's like a
i don't know if it was something it means something else you know i mean
yeah sure sure you know but i mean you know the food
you know the
haircut and everything i guess it all just goes kind of you know
part and parcel with being the first dude
so you got a hair you got a haircut
yeah
what did you just say
i got a haircut
now after that
i don't think i think that that you said that part in parcel
yeah i think that it goes part in parcel with being the first dude
the first dude yeah
what was your name again
thought what
dot palin
The Todd Palin, like the husband of Sarah Palin.
Yeah.
Really?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Hey, do you think Roy's going to beat AP Mike in the election?
Okay, there's a couple of things throwing me here.
First of all, that you are calling and throwing me and that you seem to know so much about
about
the show
oh yeah huge fan
but let them for a little like seven years for something
really a lot
tod palin oh yeah
your wife is our palin oh yeah
yes money she still talks about about that night that
that roy
was like uh...
looking at her in the window while she was undressing yeah creeped her out
she can laugh at it now though okay well that was a very creepy story you know
my my money's on markey remone
you think he's going to you think he's going to pull it out the way i think
i was going to come up about that about mike
you think so you know about the other heavy tippling
uh... well he's got issues yeah oh yeah
and uh... he's got a you know i it's it's going to be a close
i i thought talent yeah
what's going on dude
it's a shocker why
i'd just say well you're on the you're you're you're in the spotlight now
it's it's so cool to talk to you
uh... it's it's cool to have you on the show yeah you know new bridge rock
you like new bridge yet we're being here uh... you know after hearing about
for all these years
so you're in new bridge now this is your first time being a new ball yeah yeah
uh... there's campaigning here
but she's a new bridge oh yeah at the uh... what's it called the uh...
montgomery david
political rally center with which is a whole story in and of itself
You got to have like five different arenas and convention centers here. Yes, and our motorcade actually went to the wrong one first
We ended up going to the judge Montgomery Davis sports arena. Uh-huh. Yeah, it was embarrassing
Oh, why so you ended up with the wrong one for the for her speaking to yeah
Yeah, but you know, it's not embarrassing like I said is the suit in this haircut
So you have to get a you have to wear a suit now like he and the hair is like sure. I like my hair like a little longer
uh-huh yeah my lover likes it longer too you like to you like to grow your hair
I can't I will get you know she said this like rock in the sheets with Richie
Sambora back on the slippery tour yeah I don't know how she'd know that though
which is I don't know is that cause for concern you know I don't I wouldn't
worry about it that the slippery one wet tour was a while ago it was you know
you know i am kind of worried about them what's that
between you and me
campaign like a total downer
really everyone's up tight
uh... now being being on on the uh... on the
like you you having to travel all the time well that and let you know you know
because it's republican
you know no one want to like cut loose at all
real so that they won't even let me write my i thought anywhere
you're here that your snowmobile
well if there's not much snow around no well i think here was my idea and
tell me if you love it i know you're going to love it
i had a great idea
that when fair introduces me
uh... i come blasting out on my g uh...
my g at x
yeah you know and and but like on this like you know fake snow sort of thing
sure you know i just got like spray snow everywhere but like confetti
uh-huh but those those creeps didn't want me to do it
with which creep
uh... one guy with the mill probably
met uh... met rom what is it that i can't even say it now
mit romney
that sounds right
uh-huh yeah he's always saying like you know son you gotta take it down
you know to three year on eleven right now uh-huh you know and i'm like
did you do you haven't even see me on seven yet
when i'm eleven i'm like her uh... you know hurricane kat lina
uh-huh
Katrina what's that hurricane Katrina? Well, you know, six of one half does end off the other
I'm I'm sorry. What was that? What?
You ever heard that saying six six of one six of one. Yeah half does end off the other. Why?
I've never heard it put like that, but okay, so so you basically are
a guy who
I'm a dude. Yeah, you're a dude. Yeah, I'm like every man. Uh-huh. Yeah, and you kind of like to cut loose
Absolutely, you know, I did I did have some fun tonight. Uh-huh. Yeah, I was doing what?
Well, you know Levi and I sparked it up behind the podium before the rally
Who who is who is?
Who is um?
Levi again, Bristol's dude. Oh
Yeah, right the the the her lover. Yeah
The guy he's the father of her child that's as far as we can tell yeah
He's cool though. It's kind of like having kid rock for a future son-in-law
Is that a good thing? Well, yeah, but cross with violent J
From insane clown pop. Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah the best band and you like you like insane clown. They're great
Yeah, you know, I'm gonna be the first juggalo. Oh my god
Yeah. Really? Oh yeah. Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. That's what the first drink is going to be.
Fago? Oh, yeah. Well, that's what it would be if you were a juggler. That's not that hard to put.
You sound a little bummed that I guess. Sort of. Yeah, I was going to spring it on you.
Uh-huh. Yeah. Anyway, Levi hates the monkey suit too. Uh-huh. Yeah. Your mind's here when I was younger,
you know, like a, you know, party animal. Not that I'm in any way old now. Uh-huh. Yeah, I still get down.
face down you mean like in the snow uh-huh like passed out both kinds what
it's a ray please be show some proprio oh speaking of Bristol yeah I don't want
to get in this whole marriage thing but um it's funny it's kind of like when
me and Sarah had to uh I mean when we got married uh-huh yeah I wasn't quite
sure if if it was for me or not being married yeah but but something told me
that we had to go through with it
well what was that her dad
her dad yeah so that was what kind of let you know was
time to get married absolutely yeah
you know truthfully i'm not sure if all these kids are mine
really yeah oh my god yeah
well it's weird
uh... yeah that is a little weird but she's still hot though right
your wife you think so right
well you know it's hard for me to be objective about that look she what
no she's she's obviously attractive
But I don't, whatever, I'm not gonna get into it.
Yes, your wife's attractive.
You know, I get guys all the time telling me how lucky I am.
You know, getting to rock it with her all day long.
And don't think we don't do it all day long.
What?
That's, I don't know anything about that.
Even the claim is always oogling at her.
It's sick.
McLean?
McLean?
Is that what you called on the cane?
Yeah, yeah.
McLean.
He stinks.
He knows these stinks.
He does?
Oh, yeah.
What's that like being with him?
You know what I hate most?
what's that did you know this thing that we got hair all the time
like the other day it was a day after she did you know her
her debate
uh... vitamin
and uh...
and he got a rally and he goes
if you just back and just back up with who
all the uh... the guy that she was debating yeah
yeah uh... joe vitamin
joe joe biden what's his name
well what what do you think his name i think it's vitamin like king vitamin
it's not it's a king vitamin son is not king vitamin son
it's joe biden
well i don't think that
no well that's what your wife you know i think you know i'd order to say that
that's one of mine
really oh yeah i think i think i i would i'd hope it's flashcards
joseic back joseic back
uh... so that's like a todism that i've really yeah uh-huh yeah
so so go back you're saying something that john mccain oh oh yeah i hate
you know like that the day after and he was doing his rally and he was like
did you guys see Sarah Palin last night?
Wasn't she great?
That kind of drove me. Didn't she do great at the debate?
Oh my god. It's like her voice has been enough.
Wait you're talking about your own wife? Oh yeah.
Her voice drives you kind of the wall. Yeah I mean if the faith in the bod didn't
go with it. You'd be out the door. Yeah. That's that's
disgusting. You know, Tina Fey totally nailed it on
Saturday Night Live. What's that? You're the impression? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
And you know, between you and me. Yeah. I'd like I'd like to do a
little bit of nailing of that. That's not cool. Can you imagine
getting it getting into a managerie with faira and tina fe
a man that
okay and i just figured out what you're trying to say what a managerie
fine you know that a managerie is
crack an issue of gently
it doesn't sound like you do
well you know what i don't
i'm i'm kind of glad it doesn't sound like i do
you know what between you and me yeah
they're really coaching her on on these issues
uh... i mean people
like speculate that that's what's going on
it is
there's a lot of control behind all my god you know
people were having a bird when kathy kurick after what newspaper she read
uh... that yeah yeah
you know i should couldn't name any
and no no one
well because the jerks who've been coaching or didn't tell her you know what
to answer
such a creep
well you okay you you don't think there's any
responsibility she should have to actually know which newspaper she reads
She don't gotta read nothing she don't gotta read nothing I don't got to read nothing neither well what don't you not got to read
What don't I not got you know I don't I don't even know if you're asking me what I read or I don't read well
Hey, you know speaking of training. Yeah, I got someone training me too
Really just to kind of not be not put your foot in your mouth. I guess so it's good embarrassing, but the guy's kind of cool
Really? The guy who's training him? Yeah, yeah. Who is it? His name's Phil Towel. Man, I know I've heard that name before. Is he a politician?
Oh, no, no, no, no. You've probably heard of him. Phil Towel. Man, it rings such a bell.
Well, he's this light coach, you know, like, but he mainly does like sports teams and stuff, but he also did it for Metallica.
oh my god yeah yeah he's not movie some kind of mobster yeah some kind of
monster yeah the guy who some kind of mobster it's monster trust me no he
turns the guy from Metallica into mafiosos did you see the movie yeah parts of it
war is it mafioso if it's plural you want to know what I it it's monster but so
that's who you're working wait you think mobster plural is monster
No, it's like you got a crack of book. No, no, I'm I'm saying it's a it's um
So that's who's coaching you that's who's coaching me. He's awesome. He's amazing Phil towel. Yeah, you know, he does
What's that? You know, his main thing he does this real hardcore hypnosis stuff
Really? Yeah, he can make you learn anything
Really he can make you do anything also a lot like how was that? Well, like you saw the movie, right?
the mccalcom movie yes yep they didn't show this in the movie but he made
them do a whole version of that same anger album with his lyrics with Phil
towel lyrics so he was really trying to get involved in the in the band dynamic
to a different oh yeah oh yeah he was like totally you know call the shots he
he was whipping bob rock like half the time
whipping yeah yeah
me like with an actual with all yeah like a huge horse whip
no i think that it was more of a buggy whip
man
so the guy who was like the temporary bass player in metallic yeah oh yeah
yeah but the this version of st. anger is all is weird because it's you know the
total kind of agro
music and i gotta say that snare drum sound the high ping thing yeah that was
filled idea
all that said that i will
you know i i would
not picture anybody kind of taking credit for that at this point you know it
did not repeat
but um...
you know that line i'm nailing anger with you
uh...
his version of it was you know it was totally opposite it was i i'm happy
i'm happily uh...
positive about you and your endeavors
that's a that's what he did that was still towels leery yet so hit his
version was totally like positive stuff
except for that one line of that line uh... my lifestyle determines my death
style
mhm that was actually filled
my well yeah that that's kind of a dark lyric
he gets like fifty percent of the publishing on that he does oh yeah yeah
really yeah he has so much money now
uh-huh and we have this book coming out
phil towel that the metallic a life coach in the movie yeah
he has so much money now that he was able to hire the chef to write the
forward to it
uh-huh to the book
uh... so we got a chef to write the file yet
what what what i
i didn't i don't even know what
what is the book
uh... it's called don't throw in the towel
also like a play on his last name
yeah
yeah what's your what's chef some guy
somebody i left from
they must have a make sense right
that a chef is writing the forward to it was the book like a motivational
book yet
oh yeah
i don't even know what do you know the chef's name i don't i don't i
i think he does some sort of uh...
what is like a tally or something
but you know
all right okay
all you know also in some kind of monster yeah i got a right i guess that
that you know
they also left out this part where where he makes were still makes them rob a
bank
uh... you kind of lost me there the guy from the talica
as what do you mean like a is it like a trust exercise or something
no he makes them rob a bank
i've seen the footage
i'm i'm not even sure what you mean by rob a bank it's not like it they go in
if they go into a trance
uh... all of them
even robert who he'll
yeah
speaking up to do you know that robert who he hosts uh... step uncles are are
also famous
uh...
no
the one is uh... bishop fontana
uh... really and the others the drum uh... the drum pin guy
roger ego yeah
i did not know that
anyway
in this this
cutout footage
they're all about to walk into the bank
under hypnosis all you know all the guys in the bank including bob rock also
so so all of this back up yeah yeah so filled towel life coach for metallic
yeah
actually hypnotize the members of metallic yeah
into robbing a bank yeah
you what you mean like making them think they're like a putting them under a
spell or something oh yeah
and there's footage of that oh yeah it didn't get shown i mean it get it got
cut out of course yeah
yet so so he he'd like directing them
viet these earpieces
uh-huh stuff yet and all the guys in the band are wearing ski masks
okay and right as lars is about to open the door and yell
this is a metallic hold up
uh-huh this car on the street backfires
yeah and somehow it knocks kirk out of a trance
really a kirk hamlet
yeah okay
and so kirk goes
hey guys this isn't right
and they end up scattering you know they they end up splitting
really yeah and but it was welcome officer harops was right on their trail
apparently but he didn't get to them in time
and this is where
san francisco
all right now and i'm kind of come from i'm doubly confused now because
you know where san francisco
no i do know where san francisco is it
started to tell the afro-lipped
you know jello be offering of course i hang out with them sometimes you
really oh yeah
i did not know that all your wife know jello the offer
yeah she got that into a no uh... yeah
I just say, oh, come on, Sarah, he's rad.
So he, so I'm still digesting the fact
that this guy still towel sounds like some weird mastermind.
Well, it depends how you look at it, I guess.
Yeah.
He's hypnotizing people to that degree.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Where they're just doing, he's bidding like zombies almost.
I know, it's weird, but it didn't work as well
because like I said, you know,
all officer Harrops almost got him.
Yeah, but that's the other thing in the room.
You said this took place in San Francisco?
Yeah.
at all officer harris is out here in in newbridge
all noted that this is another uh... officer harris
officer bruce harris
in in the bay area yeah he's the main uh... cop in san francisco in charge of
possible bank robberies
really
well okay it's where he's kind of like um... it puts me in mind of uh...
he's kinda like got these uh...
what he called idiosyncrasies
uh... he's almost like that uh...
that show
uh... that also takes place there of
munch
what what what is that
it's that show it's it's uh...
it's about this detective
and he's like the last not the left
mike probably knows that it it it's kind of similar to schnell i think
okay
in munch yeah munch
that's the the detectives name
yeah it's on the u.s.a. today network i think
mmm okay and his name is month yeah he's like a hundred and two when he's this
he's this detective uh-huh but he's got these weird problems like he can't stop
doing things what's that called um
well you're obsessed with compulsive he's a competitive eater
and is he really fat
no that's the thing
he's not no yeah but he's a competitive eater yeah he's like the japanese kid
kaminski
okay
it's a japanese guy kaminski
kobayashi
crack a hot dog competition much it doesn't sound like you do
but so it's a
this show that i've never heard of much
well so he's like a hundred and two weeks away to the last remaining nazi
but he's under cover i guess and he's he's uh...
he's managed to uh...
regenerate his own organ so he looked like he's only forty five
i've never heard of it yet it's really like a tv show but it's got like elements
of uh...
uh... that that film hidden
yet that also elements of that move that film uh... the boys from brazil
and it's a cop show that all yet it's hilarious
but he's a good guy
yeah
sometimes
so it's a former nazi solving he's still pride to stop on being one
show from respect
show respect
a former nazi munch
i'm not going to show a nazi resettio muncher respect munch
i'm not going to show
a nazi respect
well okay i guess we'll disagree on that you know i can't wait for what's that
when uh... fair and the glenn get sworn in next February
uh-huh
you say you think they're going to win or they're going to course yeah
and why why
well so what what what is the thing you're looking
for what you think they're gonna they're gonna win
there's so many idiots out there
is that why you think they're gonna
oh yeah
everyone's stupid except for like on the east and west coast
uh-huh yeah
god if i could live in l.a. and i would
really oh yeah
you you can't take it
well i mean that's that's kind of where i belong you don't like alaska
no god
yeah wow okay this is stupid up there i don't know
Wow, yeah, kind of it's kind of shocking. Yeah. Oh, but you know why I I can't wait till they get
sworn in. Why is that? Because then I get to go into the vault. What what is the vault? Are you
serious? Yes, I'm serious. The United States thought you a merit dummy. What what is the United
States vault? It's only like this. It's like the treasure trove place. They got everything in
and they're all the answers to earth's greatest mysteries
what
yeah
like what i think it's it's supposed to be under the pentagon
they got like kennedy's real assassin
martian bodies
reagan's bomb
the vault yeah yeah
reagan's bomb yeah oh yeah
reagan was not a pot
sure he was he spoke out all the time
that that is not true
just like mcclame's gonna
May so you're saying John McCain is going to start smoking. Oh, yeah, that's that's my number one mission
To what I want to get him herbal by inoculation day. Oh my yeah
That's horrible. Yeah. No, it's great. So you're just gonna be my official supplier who Bryce
Wow, that's that that's
weirdly troubling that there's a
kind of connection between
New Bridge and the White House sounds like you don't believe there's a vault. I've never heard of it
Martian body stuff. Yeah, really? Yeah
Just so they just let anyone in there. That's what Roy said. Yeah
Roy. Yeah, like Philly boy Roy. Yeah. Yeah
He told me about it
How does he know about it? He heard about it from a very
reputable source
Who his son Roy Jr?
Why?
Well, I wouldn't put too much stock on this America vault underneath the Pentagon.
It's supposed to be cool.
I don't know.
Yeah.
Don't get too bent.
First of all, don't get too bent out of shape if you're not in the White House.
Oh, I'm not going to live in the White House.
Now I'm going to have my own party pad.
Where?
I don't know.
Probably like near the 930 Club or something.
Black hat maybe.
Really?
really yeah what you're just going to be set up at the other side of the city
oh yeah yeah
the kick in it
uh-huh
mike of the discord house
what's that
mike of the discord house
really you you're a fan of this car absolutely yeah
all right well do you you
you've shot into the high back chairs that much though now
you've shot me tod palle no i i i i like stop you know uh-huh you know
you're going to be at this thing in uh...
what's it
it's a profound percipony
new jersey
that was called the town's called
you understand that that the autograph thing
i heard about that then what is like the chiller show like doing that at the
chiller theater yeah
they're having all these losers are finding stuff for these idiots i got
yeah
it's like a thing with like an autograph convention yeah
where like people sell uh... junky uh...
junky uh... junky um...
like collectibles and then they have like
kind of
second third-tier celebrity so i should mention dummies it's like everyone
from my gansey dickinson to burr Reynolds to lead a forward to
like uh... you know you even like kelly joe minter
who's that kelly joe minter i don't know who that is
uh... crack a horror sequel much
uh... i don't i don't
she was from nightmare and elm street five
and she's going to be at this chiller theater yeah
and then get where i was going to be
in my room
uh...
all
yeah
come on Todd
uh... you look
are you supposed to be being coached by this guy
yeah i mean i'm i'm i'm on my own time right now you know i'm going to be
there
does he know you're making this call who fill yeah god no uh-huh no who else
is going to be at the chiller first of all how are you going to duck out
to get to the chiller theater thing
when you're on the campaign trail well i got added to it i'm i'm signing to now
really oh yeah yeah you're gonna sign so people can go get your autograph
see all these other losers that are going to be there like ron fall
i don't know who that is
uh... crack a yet to be released awful album much it doesn't sound like you do
who who was that i'd also go by the name bumblefoot
i don't even know what who were what that is uh... he's the latest guitar player
for guns and roses
bumblefoot yeah
not buckethead no he you know he he replaced him
so all of a guy named
bumble google him right now
seriously yup bumblefoot
bumble yup
hold on get ready to get blown away
i can't believe this hold on
google and i want you to describe
what
his guitar looks like when you when you see it
Bumblefoot the official website yep
Gallery I guess I should go to the gallery. Yeah, yeah
Bumblefoot
It's like a flying V no, it's got another one. It's a little has a little more character to it
It's why they call him Bumblefoot
He has a guitar shaped like a bumblebee.
Oh, now I see it, okay.
Yeah.
Pretty cool.
Yeah, okay.
Sure.
Ugh.
And it's a foot though.
Yeah.
It's like a bumblebee coloring, like the yellow and black.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But then a foot at the bottom.
And this guy's the New Guns N' Roses guitar.
He is.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, do you think that's better than flash?
A guy on stage playing a guitar shaped like a foot yep
I'm gonna say no, that's not as good. Hey speaking of guitar. It's you know, we're also gonna be at this uh at this this chiller thing who
Ace freely. How rad is that?
Um
I gotta go good for him. I guess that's uh
I you know, it's not that are you a big kiss fan? Oh, absolutely
You know and the cool thing is is that he is only having to sign one day
all the other losers have to sign like Friday, Saturday, Sunday, eight is only
sign and Saturday. Guess who else is only signing on Saturday? Who? Me? Really?
Yeah. All these other jerks that got to listen to these people with their boring
small-town talk about their boring lives. So you're just there for one day. Oh yeah,
I show up. I smoke a fattice, sign in some grass. Uh-huh. Go back to the
for smippin' the uh... hilton ultra what are you signing
congrats
grads
as short for autographs awesome yeah when you're famous like me you you know
that that's the uh... that's short-hand sure okay well this is really gone to
your head pretty one head
all of that they make me a sandwich
i'm on the radio i don't know i'm gonna make you a second on
now on
all
anyway
So after I'm done signing, I go back to the Hilton Ultra, and I hang with my new friend.
The one from Nightmare on Elm Street.
No, Sheila Larson.
Sheila Larson.
She's great.
Do you know her?
I know of her.
She's a really good friend.
Really?
A really, really, really good friend.
Yuck.
Yeah.
I want to know none of this.
You know what you're going to want to know, Bill?
What?
going to be signing copies of our new CD.
Oh, you're in a band?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Oh, let me just say, for anybody listening here
on WFMU East Orange, WXHD Mount Hope worldwide
on the worldwide web at WFMU.org, my guest, I guess
you're my guest now, is Todd Palin, the, so you're
calling yourself the first dude.
Oh, yeah.
That's really what you want to be known as?
Oh yeah, yeah, why not?
It's rad, isn't it?
It's rad.
You know what else is rad?
What?
Still Talwaka.
Is that your band?
That's the band, yeah.
So I'm assuming.
How rad is that?
That is maybe the dumbest name.
I'm assuming I can kind of piece it.
I don't know what that was.
That was my, uh, my skidoo.
Why?
Okay.
So, so, so your band is called Phil Talico.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
And it's you.
Me.
Uh huh.
On guitar.
Yeah.
Phil.
How long guitar and lean vocals?
My cousin Rex on drums and, uh, Ron McGovney on bass.
Ron McGovney.
I know that name.
Yeah.
Well, that's how we can call, how we can use the Talica part of it.
was wrong with the first basis in the talent of a foreclap uh... clipper
but it's like that's like
like eighty two or something i eighty one eighty one yeah
you know in all honesty
yeah we can't really use it at all but
still trying to hypnotize the guy from the talent and q prime that their their
management company
into letting us use it now how is he hypnotized he could do it is amazing
yeah he's also trying to hypnotize uh...
promoters in the booking up in uh... november
so that's what's going to lead to your your tour is
that this guy's just going to hypnotize everybody up yet
you know it's funny
run hate playing music now like he he was barely into it when he was a
metallic uh... like a regular dude you know they had like a job and stuff they
haven't played bass forever but uh...
filled hypnotized him into doing it
so this guy filled filled towel yeah manage the the life coach for metallic
uh...
And you sounds like he just kind of gets his way by hypnotizing. Oh totally
It's all he does like all day long. He gets you know
He'll just hypnotize everything and everybody in his path free cupcakes free car wash free oil changes
His big thing is hypnotizing for sex now
Stop I don't need to do it on Sarah though
I want to know nothing but none of it, you know who
this will blow your mind. Do you know who Phil learned hypnosis from? I have no
idea. Is that cousin? Dr. Fred Myers. My former shrink. Yeah and oh geez. It seems
Dr. Fred is really loose with the dirt on his patients. I have a question for
you. Yeah. Are you really afraid of growing a beard because you think rats
We're going to make their home in it when you're on the potty
Talk about that is insane. Please. That's my business. Well, I thought big lame was weird
You really don't like him. Oh my god, I can't stand him. Oh
How does he treat you he hates me, you know why he hates me why he's jealous
Because you're married to Sarah all that and I've you know my abs what stop, you know
to take an autograph
guess who's got thirty seven signatures
as of today wait wait
well
hahahaha
yet
you mean
to run for mayor of newbridge yep
the election is one more week i know but the new bridge complex of the day
the new bridge constitution for the candidate
can announce his intention to run up to three weeks before the the polls close
i really have to be the first dude
so you're going to run
you're you with one week to go you're entering the rate
yet on palin yep
just so you get the d i'm sorry three days before the polls close yet
three it's yeah okay that makes sense
get in the gravity of this situation
uh... into into perspective here
the guy who's who's whose wife is currently running for vice president of
america
you're now entering the the mayo binatorial race for new bridge oh yeah
with a week to go yeah i mean officially
i'm not going to have a uh... like a real
position in the u.s. government i mean i will i'll be calling a shot for her
but nobody will know that
you mean for or for
you know if if uh... they they become
the the the president
well yet as vice president i mean she runs everything by you know through me
anyway you know
for governor to i mean i i'd pretty much call the shot up there
well i think it's great
so when he takes it
and then she's president i'm i'm pretty much going to look i'm not
for me
i'm not okay
uh... no i was not worried about the way you were phrasing it that's not okay
okay
the fact that you're saying
it's a it's wrong to say that you know what i'm not for this guy by any stretch
i mean either
well not for that i mean i'll write it into it into the all into into the
that's all i'm talking about
i i i'm definitely not
uh... going to vote for the that ticket
i wonder
well who you didn't vote for
Obama. Why?
Well, that's just crazy.
Well, he's the best man for the job.
What?
But...
But...
We'll win though.
Well, that...
He's got a lot of great ideas.
Well, this is just insane.
What?
I mean, you're married to this woman, and you're still not going to vote for her.
I think you were technically married. That's another thing.
We might be, but I don't know. It hasn't stopped me.
well the fact that this has been a night of many surprises
that you're going to vote for
you're going to vote for obama right and that you're entering the mayo
you live in newbridge oh yeah
uh...
my bro bright said i can uh... crash on the third floor of his lean to
the third he's got a all like a sweet up there i didn't know that that his
lean to is anything more than a lean to it is but it's it's real tall now
uh-huh when i say sweet i mean it's just like a little area where i can stand
wow yeah this is this is a shocking night you know my first order business is
going to be it affects you it affects me yeah how's that that's what it's going
to be oh i can only guess it has something to do with my death no i'm
going to make you my official best bud
really good
my for my uh... my first best bro
british will be second
you're the you're the only you and mike
are the only candidates
who have who are not calling for my death
i think someone else didn't call for your death also who's that my other bro
uh... glenda and i think i think he was he was cool with you with me he dropped
out though i know you know the shame
actually going over his place tonight
you're going over dandy yeah it's one of the vintage uh...
electric like magnet magnetic football games you know you could play when
you're a kid
uh...
uh... you know that
things would go on it
yeah yeah addicted to it
he loves it
and he had a whole league
wow
well you
tod palin you are are are
you are as interesting as they come all thanks i just would you know i'm just uh...
i wish that in the future i can i can call from time we can be on the air and
i could i could uh... talk to people
that you want to talk to somebody
well at some point when i'm on the air at some point but i'll uh...
i'll talk to you later i guess
all right but i'm on the air now am i
yes oh my god what
yeah you called in
you're on the air i said i talked so much back though
but i've asked you
if if if your handlers knew you were making this call what did you think this
private call
i thought it was a private call yeah
well there's a small chance that i might have screwed stuff up for the uh...
the ticket
all man
you know what you did well i i outside of the fact that you said that you're
going to vote for obama
i don't know how much i never said that that i did
oh jeez
well do you want to take a call sure why not yeah
um...
201 I can always I can always spin this like I like I was you know on
Dayquil or something sure sure that's what I'll do right now. Yeah, 201. I'm on dayquil
201 209 9368 is the number if you want to call and talk to
Todd Palin
Kind of interesting
201 209 9368
so
Hey, a tod, what, um, what kind of songs does your band play?
Phil Talica.
It's all originals.
I mean, we, we found a lot like, you know, like St. Anger era, Metallica, but cross with
like the grassroots.
The grassroots like midnight confession.
Exactly.
That, that's more Phil's speed.
So he likes stuff like, like, uh, what was the guy from the grassroots Rob grill?
I think so.
yeah in the confessions and uh... a temptation i'd yeah
so it's kind of that feel but not rockin
but the stuff that that i come up with it like it's like shred city it's awesome
so that so the band is kind of a combination of
full-on metal and
the grassroots yeah and uh...
we also where corpse paint
i didn't wow oh yeah
but the other three of you do you i were enough to make up for him you fill
and rex i think exactly yeah
well we've got a call here on g okay
w f m u you're on the air
by james from brooklyn to uh... talk to talk
hey how are you james uh... great it's uh... it's great to hear you and it's
great to hear uh...
you talk about
discord and i was wondering if you've had an opinion
uh... are you a high-back chair guy
about the highbacks
a little too pop for me
pop
little too pop uh...
uh...
branch manager pretty good uh... uh... super you know
it's so obvious that you know uh... the faith void split
that's fine my favorite
really you know uh...
Wow, that kind of changes everything.
All right, well, thanks Todd, I appreciate it.
Does this change how you're going to vote James?
Well, the Faith Boyd thing kind of made me think.
I mean, that would be-
No, I don't know what to do.
It would be true.
All of a sudden, this maverick thing does make sense.
See, I'm not even sure if she knows what that means.
I know she doesn't know what that means.
Yeah.
Lungfish, thumbs up or thumbs down.
that's a little bit like after the fact for me
you know like i i i like the the early stuff pretty much you know
pardon me
uh... fire party
now now
okay now i'm talking like you know
empty uh... gi's
uh... double-o stuff like that
well
uh...
We party on our, are you, are you token?
No, oh, come on, man, but this is in God.
Really, eye opening.
Very, very much so.
Much more so within the debate.
Oh, is, is, is old man that claim blowing it again?
Funny stuff.
I haven't watched any of it.
What's he doing?
Oh, hi, hi, hi, I think, I, I saw them there were, they were both sitting down.
I don't know what's going on.
How many has have you heard so far?
I'm watching them in closed captions, so they just pop up every now and again.
You know what also I hate that he does? That weird, like, squint, kind of, like, wink, smile thing he does?
I haven't noticed that.
Oh, it's sick.
Alright, well, thanks for the call, James.
Sure, thanks, fellas.
Smash him in the face.
What?
one two oh nine nine three six eight uh... we have tod palin on the on the line
right now if you have a question for him two oh one
two oh nine nine three six eight
we're good on three here
fm you you're on the air
i have a question for
who what is your name
my name is emma
and i'm from toronto oh my god
which is in canada
and uh... i was curious about uh...
and we're having our own little election let me just say first of all emma
please just tell Todd
how old you are
i'm seventeen
you're a little creepy
hey
you know i don't
i don't mean to offend you
but that that was it that was a bit over yeah this is a seventeen you're okay
uh... i i i didn't know that
please show some uh... i okay i i i apologize you know our uh...
Our neighbor to the south is upper Canada.
Really?
Yeah.
Huh.
Yeah.
I can see it from a helicopter.
Are you frequently in helicopters?
Sometimes when I shoot animals.
Yeah.
Why?
Oh, okay.
So you like to do aerial hunting.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
That's reasonable.
I think that's the gentleman.
That's what God wants.
So who?
I missed that part of the Bible, but I'll take a look.
I think it's in one of the books.
Okay.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
In Revelation.
I think so, yeah.
Yeah.
So, what question do you have, Emma, for Todd Palin?
Well, we're having our own election up here in Canada.
Okay.
And I was just curious if you knew anything about it, if you had me feeling, you know,
because I know you said you were an Obama supporter.
Well, I do know that you guys are a country.
Yes.
That is technically true.
Okay.
But, you know, do you have any feelings on and beyond that?
Is anybody from Rush involved in this election?
Rush.
Yeah.
Um, you know, I'm, I don't think so.
Oh, okay, then I don't know anything about it then.
Okay.
Um, that's, you know, that's very nice.
I suppose I just thought I made it out.
Well, thank you for the call, Emma.
You have a good night.
Thank you.
I know I will.
Okay.
Hey, I got to hook up with Sheila in like five minutes.
Okay.
We have a couple more calls here.
Okay.
Great.
Great.
People calling for Todd Palin.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hello.
Hello.
What's up, bro?
Hey, this is Garrett from Annapolis.
Ring the bell.
I was wondering, Todd, whether you were more into the faith or the void side of that split.
Oh, void, absolutely.
It's a shame about their drummer.
passed on over the top of it was much more experimental
oh yeah totally
you know what i think you could uh...
have you heard that the album that didn't come out
i have heard that is a good
yeah
and it's good
awesome
i was wondering if if you would uh...
like if you were interested in that
like a more revolutionary side of of
there is
politics
like with
your taste in music
uh... do you mean am i interested in in in turning her on to that stuff
yeah
oh yeah i'd turn it on to a lot of stuff yeah
what
okay
thanks for the call
yeah
uh...
yeah take a couple more calls okay yeah
if i'm you're on the air
hello how's everything tonight
going all right going good
all right i'd like to speak to mister pailin
all right
though we've got to share some of those moose
recipes because we know some of us hunt down here we like that moose
and i don't know really what to do that i i tried to steward i try to make
the heaters with it and i i know i'm not capturing the
essence of the flavors of the
moose meat
dump this guy
fair enough i hear
and familiar
hi this is spudia brooklyn
hey spooky
how are you
i have a question
i don't think you can do well using your influence and appears that you seem to
be uh...
someone in the San Francisco scene
do you think you could do anything to reunite that that canada's you can get
a shot at that working on it uh... class
uh... and ray
are are into it
although if you know that they're invited in the band anymore they got uh...
the guy uh... with the drummer and translator he's playing drums now
okay and uh... so it's it's even like less the decays and then you didn't want
to be and they got this guy
i think it was like chip or something thinking i mean how
a free punk rock name
it's cheap
that canada
but uh...
jello's gonna be tough
you know i've actually got going to hang out with the next week at some point
but uh... so i'm always trying
we'll bring it up i will okay thanks
well thanks for the call
one more call for tod palin
fm you you're on the air
they do
hello
someone someone's bacon
uh...
yeah
uh...
briffler i was still a movie from the internet earlier
also at work print also have a minute to
yeah
you want to come over
well what do you feel
bad looking at two it's just a work for it has a Swedish sub but
uh... totally i think it is okay
do you uh... do you still anything else
uh... well i mean bad looking at one
that's good i like that one
i've thought that too
i feel like three a day
right
but uh...
yes and uh... send me uh... your
your digits
we can look up
yeah
well there you go
well Todd
i appreciate you calling Todd panel absolutely
and uh... i hope to see everybody at this uh... this chiller theater thing
on saturday uh... i guess it's like two saturday's and now
something like that yeah and i also uh... i'll see you all on uh... an
all your asian day
well well you know what i don't know i hope not but yes
we will see
we will see
uh... people can go to friends at home dot com and vote for uh...
tod palin to go to the uh... message board at my name on their
your name will be added tonight at the top
that we have uh... tod palin is the newest uh...
addition to the uh... to the race even though there's only a week to go
uh...
people go to friendsatom.com and just, okay, you can register. If you're not, if you're
not a member of the friends atom yet, just sign up. It takes about a minute and then
you can vote. So, yeah, Walt Todd, thank you so much.
All right, man. You have a good night.
All right, I'll talk to you soon, man.
Okay.
All right, bye.
Bye.
Wow. Unbelievable. Did you see that coming, Mike?
Would you have ever called that?
I never could have called that.
The Todd Palin would be a fan of the show.
Is the actual debate still going on?
Couple minutes.
hmm
What I'm gonna do
Gonna make a push for the final final half hour or so here
After that epic phone call from Todd Palin
He is an interesting guy. Very interesting.
Everybody knows that Hot August Night is one of the greatest albums ever recorded.
We're going to hear one of the greatest songs from the greatest album ever recorded.
Take a little musical interlude, let me catch my breath.
What do you think about that?
Here we go.
Well, into was my high until the time that I found up
Morning Jim, loving him
And you came along, loving me strong
That's what I thought, being you
But I died too
Don't know that I will, but in tears, I can't find me
Together, I'm staying home, making me hide me
What I am, a solitary man, a solitary man
I've had it to hear, feel where love's a small word
On time of thing, they've a ring
And I know it's been done having one girl who loves you
Right or wrong, we cost her all
Don't know that I will, nothing to you like, can't find me
Together to stand and walk like games behind me
I'll be what I am
It's not a current man
It's not a current man
Don't know that I will, but you that can't find me
Gather a step, hold the game behind me
What I am
Saturated man
Saturated man
Ohhhhhhhh
back again final half hour of the program we are making our push two oh one two oh
nine nine three six eight is the number but I'm not gonna get I'm not gonna take
open phones right now who is this call worth it Mike Mike says it's doubtful
that scares me doubtful call I gotta put up with doubtful at this stage at first I
still have not heard from anybody from from this the show the shut up weirdo
Sick. Sick. I'm not wrong on this. Am I, Mike? I'm not wrong. Look, I'm not
looking to hate them. You saw what I did to the other show. They came on, they
introduced themselves. Wish them all the best.
And the thing I'm the most disappointed in is this radical faction of the friends of
Tom.
They're called to war.
That was the most embarrassing thing I've ever seen in my life.
Yeah, a bunch of bums.
The bum board.
That's a good way to put it, Mike.
The bomb board.
The bomb board.
Bunch of bombs.
Unmotivated bombs.
F.M.U., you're on the air.
Hey, Tom, it's Julie from Cincinnati.
Hey, how are you tonight?
Okay, how are you?
Doing pretty good.
Good.
I don't like the bomb board.
Here you go.
I mean-
They don't like, they hate me.
You know what you do what you do you're doing a good job. You know what? I'm gonna I was gonna go away
But I'm not now don't go away. It's under control. You know what? This is what you keep in mind
Your bum no no no no to David Bowie David Bowie when he did the Ziggy Stardust thing
Those shows were so short
He gave people wanting more
right
Yeah, could you imagine going to see one of these Bruce Brings Dean shows?
Yeah, you'd probably you'd probably
You know gouge your ears out as this guy's
Plan for three and a half hours. I get it. I got enough got enough Bruce
Mike like it though short and sweet short and sweet. Yeah, keep in mind Julie short and sweet
Okay, then quick. Do you want me to start calling that other show? No, I don't really. We're not gonna do anything
We're just going to you know, we're gonna do the other show. They can't show them. Yeah, ignore them
What other show I don't know which one were you talking about?
I don't know all I'm looking for is for the guy Andy Cohen or frangry to call and go
Hey, we're the new show on the station
New talk show just want to say hi, and I'll say oh well. Welcome to the station. That's all I want
They don't do that. Well, that's a slap in the face. It's sick. It's sick
It's playing with fire, and it's dangerous, and I dissuade other shows from doing it, and I will
censure them. I'll formally, formally censure them.
Could I? Do you think there's some way for me to take every one of my other votes and put it towards Todd Palin?
Oh, I hope not, please.
We don't want him to uh, you want him to be mayor that guy?
He's like, he knows what it's like to be second siddle. I think he'd be good at it.
Well, we'll see if he wins.
He would have the respect for you.
He's one of the few who doesn't want me dead.
That's good.
Yes.
Thanks, Julie. Short and sweet. Great call.
A tip my hat to you, Adam.
Have a great night.
You too, bye.
uh...
twenty three minutes for that that show to call up and just go hey we're
here
is anybody contacted them has anybody emailed them called them i know there's
people who know them just to say
hey just you know uh...
hell is about to be unleashed on your heads
if you uh...
if you don't just call up and say hi
and i'm not telling a bad look you know what
people again let's sabotage the shop i want sabotage the show
the show's gonna sink or swim by by themselves
you know what
work is working at a deficit
working at a deficit without uh... without uh...
kiss in the ring
FM you you're on the air
hi Tom who
who is this
who is this
did a ghost just cross your path
you just uh... now are you surprised me
uh... okay this is lory lory from miami yes
now wait let me get something straight
so i gotta move it along here i'm going to get this is going to be uh...
and and abbreviated call from you
did you do you go to the uh...
the benefit the at the at the obama
yeah i went both days
and what was that like
it was crazy i was actually helping out one of the days registering butters
and stuff
uh...
uh... i didn't really get to
and still and enjoy
but it it was fun
i've registered a lot of people
What songs was he doing? Was he cursing?
No, he kind of kept it clean.
He kept it clean like a family show?
Well, you know who opened up for him?
I have no idea.
Um, Templin Eagle's favorite musician.
And that guy has the worst music.
There's this guy trembling eagle who calls.
First of all, he's completely demented on the message board.
I gotta say it's Sarah Palin's hot I'm not on the message board anymore so I don't know so
anyway he's he's on the message board he's like this Sarah Palin you gotta
admit she's I got it would be nothing you never seen you never seen a pretty
lady before this guy you think you think he was on on a space shuttle or
something. I think it's like Solaris. He hasn't seen a human. Maybe so. Yeah. Yeah.
I don't know. So yeah, it was Wyclef Jean. Wyclef Jean opened. Yeah. Did he have that dumb
guitar with him and his two good songs? Those like Bob Barley. Bob Barley's like yeah
Please stop citing me as an influence.
Yeah.
So....
The Jay-Z...
What was that?
Do you do Big Pimpin?
No, we did not.
Again, I was registering voters, so I was actually outside for the last part.
Okay.
Towards the back.
Yeah.
It's only sound traveled.
You could hear, right?
No, stop it.
What other songs did he do?
You know, I mean, I had to, like, talk to people the entire thing.
Uh-huh.
Did he do...
Did he do...
Do...
Do...
Did he do that song?
Yeah, he did say big.
Did he do hard knock life?
Yeah, he actually did.
I mean, of course.
Did he plug his new album?
I would have if I would have said everybody vote for Obama.
But I have a new album coming down in December.
I don't think he actually did that.
Sounds like he would have grand old time.
old time. I want to call in and say I just watched the debate and I kind of
regret that. I think I made a poor decision. Why is that? It was a boring
frustrating thing to watch. Give me a summation. Okay. Okay. In five, four, three,
two, one, 15 seconds to sum up the debate. Tom Broke. Tom is basically Tom Broke
was really sad that you know no one's complying with the rules and then he
just keeps complaining about it. How was McCain? Old. How was Obama? Young. There you go. Thank
you Lori. You're welcome. Thanks for the summation. You have a great night. Bye. Old
Young. So I mentioned that I was in Atlantic City and I saw that fantastic casino fight
still one of the best things I've ever seen. When that guy was on the floor getting handcuffed
and like, was like an animal gun, it was absolutely spectacular. It was like if they caught Bigfoot.
Like if you see that footage of Bigfoot going like, walking through, and all of a sudden somebody like,
like a net fell on him, and like, he guys ran out and tackled him, and then he was going,
It's got to look like a shaved Bigfoot wearing a Mark Echo shirt who is like a Bigfoot got
his hands on some gel.
But before this thing I go, I had some time to kill before the House of Blues experience
with the Death Cab for QD concert.
So I go walking around, I was going to try to go to the IMAX theater.
in Atlantic City. They had that movie Flash of Genius was playing at the IMAX
Theater. The movie with Greg Keneer invents the intermittent windshield wipers.
I heard it's a really great IMAX experience to see him that there's a
really amazing dining room table scene where he's telling his family that he's
He's got to go for it with his lawsuit, blown up 150 feet high.
But I missed that.
I missed timed that.
So I decided, I'm looking around, I'm not sure what to do about an hour to kill.
There's a Ferris wheel, it's a Sunday, so the pier with all the rides on it is open.
It's a nice day.
There's a ferris wheel, not a gigantic one,
but a good sized ferris wheel.
And I said, you know what?
I'm gonna take a ride on the ferris wheel.
I haven't been on a ferris wheel in years.
I'm gonna go on a ferris wheel.
Nice day, the ferris wheel points out over the ocean.
I'll get the look, maybe it will be a meditative experience.
I'll be able to look at the water and all the birds
and everything and have a nice peaceful time
looking at all the birds because who doesn't want to be a bird when it comes
down to it, right? Right? Who wouldn't want to fly around like a bird?
Short of me getting my hands on a jetpack, this is maybe as close as I'm gonna get.
So I buy a ticket and then I get on the Ferris wheel and then like I get in the little
like the guy, a guy's me through when I get into the little car and I'm sitting
at the lowest point of the ferris wheel and then the next people have to get on so they
slide me up one notch one notch and instantly I remembered why I haven't been on a ferris
wheel in years it's because I hate ferris wheels all of a sudden not only do I hate
ferris wheels this is a ferris wheel set up on the ocean so now this like vicious sea
breeze is blowing in it's like moving the cart because like it's I looked at it wasn't
one of those ferris wheels where you can like where you get jerks if you're
riding on with a jerk they're like hey we're gonna shake the cart and then
you're like rocking back and forth I did that one time with with my friend
Terese and cocaine and they said they weren't gonna shake the cart and then
the second we got up there they started shaking the cart like it was a monkey
cage like they were monkeys in the cage hanging on the thing trying to get
people to throw bananas at them and this thing's going I turned green on that
thing that was at Coney Island that dump thankfully they knocked that Ferris
wheel down I hope they probably put an old Navy right where it was but um so I'm
on this thing I'm like nobody's gonna rock it I'm gonna be solo in this thing
this thing starts rocking on its own because I forgot I forgot how windy it
is at the ocean high up to and now I'm not even high I'm 10 feet up now so the
next people get get on and then the thing just starts moving I get this just
this pure panic of like I hate this it's just terrifying I'm actually I start
staring at my shoes and I'm like when this thing gets to the highest point I
I think I might die, like it's going up.
I'm like, I can't look at anything.
I realized, oh, I hate heights.
Somehow I forgot that I hate heights.
And I hate rides.
I hate all rides.
The last time I like, when I was a kid, I loved rides.
I was a love rides.
You couldn't keep me off rides.
Few years ago, I went with my lady friend
to see side heights.
We went on that thing, the matador or the Matterhorn.
The thing, it's just like, you know,
like you go on a roller coaster, it goes up.
And then it goes down, and then it goes straight for a while.
Then it turns you left and right.
There's like some variation in what it does.
There's one that tries when you get on it,
and it just spins you at like a 90 degree angle forward.
And then it just spins you at a 90 degree angle backwards.
I ended up no kidding, no joke.
I got sick behind a wall wall on the way back.
It was, that was a true low point.
But I haven't been on a ride since
and I'm on this ferris wheel.
I'm getting bested by a ferris wheel now.
And then I was like, I can't stay on this thing.
I can't loop around on this thing again.
So what I did was, in a true act of cowardice,
I got my cell phone out.
I pretended I was getting a call.
And then I was like, uh-huh, yeah, yeah, uh-huh, like loud, though.
Like no one talks on their phone as loud as I was going, uh-huh, yeah.
And say, this guy, I should have never gotten on board when I saw this guy.
Like I wouldn't trust this guy to make my sandwich.
Let alone put me 90 feet in the air, over the ocean.
This guy's got my life in his hands.
So I pretend, as we're violent, it peaks at the highest point and it's going down now,
so I start going, uh-huh.
Yeah.
I go with the guy.
Yeah, I got to go meet with somebody.
I got to get off.
I can't loop around anymore.
He's got to didn't care.
He just slowed the thing down so I jumped out and I just, the whole time pretended to
be on a cell phone walking around this guy.
Yeah, yeah.
I'm over on the pier.
Yeah.
I just got off the Ferris wheel.
Where are you?
true low point. And then I just was so disappointed in myself. I was like,
why would it be a bird? I'm thinking about that I get to be like a bird. It's like
like a penguin. That's the kind of bird I would have to be. Like a grounded bird.
What a disappointment. It's like 10 minutes left in the show speaking at
at this point. This show, my last week's show, I think everyone agrees was a train wreck,
right? You like last week's? This week's though. With everything against the show, everything,
debate, coming off a flop of a show, no calls. This one is this this is an all-timer tonight.
I already heard who this is calling. It's one of the people I said was like a monkey.
the Ferris wheel shaking the cage put her on fm you you're on the air hi Thomas
Terres hey Terres how are you did you call me a monkey no I didn't call you a
monkey I said you acted like a monkey when I was on that Ferris wheel it
at a Coney Island you said you wouldn't shake the Ferris wheel and then the
Second we got in the air you guys started going back and forth and it was it wrote on that weird track too
Like it was we were on the inner on the Wonder Wheel, right? Yeah, the Wonder Wheel Wonder Wheel. What a wonder
Wow
I wonder the only thing I wonder is why I went up there
Well, you were you were in a good mood you were in high spirits the Wonder Wheel
And then you yeah, and then you guys started shaking the thing you fibbed
I'm sorry I'm sorry Tom sorry I blame no one it was yeah I probably would have
done it to somebody else all right sorry you just had that we started
shaking the cage before you had a chance to no I never would have shot I was
terrified to be on that thing it's like don't worry we're not gonna shake the
thing and also we get up there it's like shaking the thing rocking it back and
or
okay i apologize for behaving like a monkey on the one that we all
i'm sorry or it's okay i'm not hold my whole mobile will
okay thank you
how you are you having fun night tonight
well i watch the debate which i agree uh... with lory was
was a bad idea
um...
i should have been listening to your show that it's way you in any way are you
now uh...
more inclined to vote for either candidate
um...
No, I went into it.
I came out of it with the same opinion I had when I went into it.
Which is?
That John McCain is really old.
And also that I'm going to vote for Barack Obama.
OK, fair enough.
now it would be the john mccain make any good points
or was he just weirdly troubling
when you watch troubling he was weirdly
he offered the patted uh... a navy veteran at one point uh... headed them
like under the chin like he scratched them on the no i i'm not in fact walked
over to kind of get him like a
we patted him patted him yet
uh... and he made a joke about uh... hairplugs being covered by
insurance which didn't make any sense and
nobody laughed
he got weirdly old looking all the sunlight from like a few years ago who's
like
it's john mccain
he's old but he's a tough old guy
now it's a great you know that he okay
yeah i think that he's just been worn down by this
and and i think he wants to win so badly that it just
consuming him
he wants to lose he does this guy does not want to win
is literally
the last thing he wants is to be president
if he's pro i'm telling you if he wins
he he will probably start crying in like terror tonight because he's like
i can't do this
along with me
only imagine you see what these presidents look like i saw
think of what george
that you bush look like in two thousand he looked like the young guy
right where they were
but that you know he looked he looked like josh brolin looks in the movie
and then it's like
then when it was like now you look at what george bush looks like he looks
exhausted
you imagine what john mccain going to look like now you're going to look like
the crypt his eyes are going to fall off
yeah everyone john mccain had ears
on the side of his head
He's like he's just gonna start to melt like a really the way he's freely started melting
Yeah, I think you might be right. I saw a freely on television a week ago. I thought I'm not kidding. I swear I
Thought it was a wax figure from a museum where if somebody left the heat on
Like they like somebody or maybe somebody put a space here like all melted down and connected like it on his neck
Yes, exactly. It's almost like he's like he's like, uh, it looked like Sigmund like a like Sigmund in the sea monster
Was Sigmund the sea monster or was Sigmund the kid?
Sigmund was the kid. I think it was called Sigmund and the sea monster. What was the sea monster's name though? Oh
I don't see monster. Hey, see nobody named the sea monster
He probably did have any, I just can't recall it off the top of my head.
You know they're working on a segment in the sea monster movie, probably where they're
just like, then the sea monsters attack the city, like they'll have like some huge skull.
It'll be like Cloverfield.
Yeah, it'll be exactly with a bunch of segments, a bunch of sea monsters.
It'll be a psychedelic Cloverfield.
Exactly.
Well, Terez, I thank you for your call.
Thanks.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi, Tom.
It's Brian from Orlando again.
Ryan from Orlando quality caller.
Oh, thank you.
What's going on tonight?
I'm calling to say you are absolutely right about the Watchmen movie.
Look, any movie that where they would pick, it's like,
Hey, we're going to show you what this movie is like.
We want to get you guys hyped up.
And then what do they pick to be the soundtrack?
A smashing pumpkin song.
Anything where it's just like, where anybody who is like pro-smashing
pumpkins is controlling anything on it.
We're just like this is us putting our best foot forward some smashing pumpkin song. I mean one of the hits
Not even a rat in a cage whatever that song was called
Remember that song? Yeah
Despite all my rage. He had a good voice though very very very melodic and very tuneful
like that ran in a cage that's it that's alarmingly accurate yeah it was like
today is that great like he couldn't hold any note without it just going to
do that like like it's just like so he was cool though oh yeah well someone
they was like yeah they got a long hair bald now like he shaved his head I was
like what was the weirdest thing ever like all of a sudden it was like because
he was like a cool long-haired guy and all of a sudden he's like hey shaved his
head off he didn't shave his head off he shaved his hair off he's still a fan of
e-haw though what is a fan of e-haw forever if I had to rank the members it
goes Eha Chamberlain Darcy no Chamberlain Eha Chamberlain Corgan Darcy
I'm surprised in that anyone knows anyone in the smashing pumpkins besides Billy Corgan
and then I like Jimmy Flemion played with them oh my god he was from the frogs who toured
with him for a while.
Thanks.
They just call it to be a prop.
Oh, I'm sorry, Brian.
Only three minutes left in the show.
It's so much more show.
Hey, Evan.
Evan, would you mind not doing your show tonight?
You want to turn back around, go home?
It's like jazz tonight.
I'm up here playing.
You can't throw off the band when they're in the middle of impressions.
people should go and vote over at friends of tom dot com vote for the uh...
may open at our election
tod palin the newest candidate is going to be added
i'll do that uh... later tonight
i'll add him
no uh... no uh... contact from shut up weirdo
Whatever that's their call
That's their call more power to you
I'm going to keep the excitement going though tonight.
Evan Funk Davies, he's been bragging about the show he's planning on this Evan Funk
Davies message board.
I read a lot of his posts.
They're always sticky.
he's got he's got a show uh this one's gonna this one's gonna uh this one's
gonna send it through the roof get ready for uh for this one he's got a three
hour tribute to Dave Navarro coming up Dave Navarro from the Ben James
addiction and uh he was in the Red Hot Chili Peppers
Don't forget Sun Sixty. Sun Sixty. That's right. Well, this is part of your tribute. I'm not trying to step on your toes here.
He's got all kinds of stuff coming up. He's also going to be reading some of the poetry of Dave Navarro.
Some of his poetry set to soundscapes, as I guess Dave calls them.
So Evan will be reading that and he's also going to have a special interview with a Dave Navarro impersonator named Craig Gluten.
It's going to be coming up. Very exciting. So attention Dave Navarro fans.
Your dreams are about to come true three hours exploring the life and artistry
of as what Evan calls him, the greatest guitarist on Earth.
WFMU East Orange, WXHD Mount Hope, worldwide on the worldwide web at WFMU.org.
This has been the best show on WFMU, slighted, slapped in the face by Shut Up Weirdo.
Don't bother them. Don't harass them. Does not anything? We turn our back now.
We just turn our back, and we pretend that their show does not exist.
Nice job, Bumboard. Stay tuned for Evan Funk Davies.