S radio show, ever.
Hey, who's this?
Well, I'm in British Wales, Governor of Alabama.
Hi, it's, uh, Gerald Carl Munter.
Tom Sharpling, Governor of Party.
Hey Tom, it's Purple Turf.
Hey Tom, it's Mark Michaels.
This is Richard Carter.
What's your name?
Baring.
Baring.
And well, what's inside the two?
fire cry. Maurice Kurt? Horrifying. Hey Thomas Bruce. Tommy! Who's this? Ginger
Vitis. If they have Rick Feloni at the Wawa, I guess it's wood. I hate you. It's Peter. Hey, it's Steinberg.
Do all creepy and I'm hanging upon you. Boing. Roger Depp. My name is Ollie Fairnocki.
I'll say it. You'll hear it. You'll do it. I'll get it. You'll learn it. I'll live with it and you'll die without it.
masher trash. Good day. What's up Tom? It's Tristan. Hey, it's Michelle. Yeah, Tom. This is Jim Riffle. How you doing? When I get to do the toilet talk now.
The vaudeville of the new century. My name is Tom Riley. I'm calling from New Zealand. Hey, man, it's Brian.
Hey, don't stand with us. That's a tent pole. It's a tent pole show. Hey, this is Tedlia. Whaaaaaat? This is Pete from the Future. Hi, Tom. It's DJ Terry Chase. Hey, from Knoxville. Super Kohler. It's off the top.
My name is Mike Sage-Jack.
Get off my phone, I don't care.
Hey, this is if you can, man.
I'm going to go with your bed now, bye, friend.
Hey, Tom, it's Gordon.
Hey, Gordon, how are you?
I was in a band in the early 90s.
My name's Jerry Page.
Tom, my name is Jeffrey Ludell.
It's a fat, diseased, wilder, ragged neck, isn't it?
The disenfranchised have a home now.
I'm the hero of the disenfranchised.
To the street
The new breeze
Got the adopt
Now I do the life
Do the night
In every time
The hill never ends
The road is all that you have
🎶 I got you to let your love leave me without you 🎶
🎶 Back to the sex of I
And we never come across the vastness of paper, the finest of waves and the greatest of the
sea Never lost or never been misguided
We do now, we see so shy, nay
I'll come from out of a handsome one county
To a moment of basement, while I'll be right away
I'll come around, to the friendliest of faces
Handsome as still no great places
I come from out of the tunnels we've been digging
City tunneling's not living, working with the work
Come to find the love in his labor
The lady's life and life's forever
Or come to sing it, the keep it's not given
You got what you've given, you got what you deserve
In the midst of all of the action
Maybe only they'll find somebody's faction
Chasing, sea, foam, dreams around another dirty old town
I run out, run stream, swab the grail, shoot from the ground,
but I don't need a dust, mirror, but look beneath the glass of service,
all the songs you hear down there, they have a promise.
All in all, we cannot stop singing, we cannot stop singing, so don't do that.
We will never make sure that we might be part of it
We will never be broken at it
Just got time to eat some of my bread
Try to make the tube if I can
Standing like a sardine in a can
The bus don't need me any time
Touching keys in my machine blows my mind
Got to do my 50 bombs and more
12 o'clock when we're rushed to the door
Stay with me, will it help to see you?
The hands of mine need to make my baby free
Take a walk through the fog and I'm just good
Sit down, talk, and hear the big life in our bodily world
In the summer, I gotta go
The time is getting late, I know
Ain't about to forget something I don't wanna do
Gotta catch the gym at least
The city breaks out in my face
Sure never made the day like the time that I got through
Don't come to my eyes so tall
When I'm gonna be losing my mind
Just can't make me see him, get him back and find the world!
I really didn't dig what I said of My second terror has to be where I am
I don't know what I'm like a slave
See, now I leave a set of sun
I even trade my two-tail amour
After getting myself in the sea
Bitch, it ain't great that makes me scream
One day, now I'm home
Rest in front of the latest pin
And the sea break down
Down here's the bottom goal of a win
We're not gonna rush and make it tonight
Makes us learn that I know everything will be alright
When I get up to my band
She listen to what I said
Then I'll take it in my arms
And make it look like a man
Think I'm gonna spit this down
God is really bringing me down
If I don't know the sooner I'll be encouraging I can
Help me walk cause you don't want cause you don't bring me down
Don't let me go sometime
Help me walk
Yeah.
Who would you like to tell to dial it down a notch?
Well, I wanted, I was calling to dial it down, honestly, to Moblins.
Who?
Moblins?
Because, you know, after the whole Saddam Hussein thing, and I was reading for a-
A Muslim?
Oh, you're telling Muslims to dial it down a notch?
Yeah.
Yeah, Moblins.
Okay.
So, yeah, the whole Saddam Hussein thing.
And also, I was reading today that-
I mean, that thing where they killed him?
Well, yeah.
What other thing?
But I was reading today that Muslims are boycotting Northwest Airlines because of racial profiling.
And I mean, I come on guys, it's 2006 or sorry, 2007.
Yes.
But I mean, what, you know, come on.
And then they're upset because we, you know, because we have fascinated, to that I'm saying, on a holiday.
I mean, you're right, it's a holiday.
He's gone.
Come on.
We did our job.
So, you know, I mean, come on, Moblin.
I'm going to lose inside of what you're getting at here, buddy.
You got it?
This one's a little loose.
You want to lose?
What do you mean?
You know, you're a teacher?
I know.
I know.
That's why I don't want to...
I'm getting my red pen out on this call.
I'm going to circle a few things.
Okay.
Tighten it up.
Oh, just imagine this.
You're getting this call handed back to you.
What do you mean?
Could be shorter.
Tighten it up.
What's the point?
Tighten it shorter.
phone now that's written in red ink on the top of the paper get off my phone except
phone is spelled with an F because that's what you get on that call
It's over then, great
Got any reach and pour the dark show
There is an end in today
Now, when we're looking to the new show
Double U F B U
The best show
Double U F B U
The best show
Double U F B U
The best show
But that's how I'm going to end it
But that's how I'm going to end it
Oh
The break
Good gravy.
Best shows back again.
Another Tuesday night.
Extravaganza brought to you each and every week.
My name is Tom Sharpling.
I'm the host of tonight's installment.
The phone number 201209 the 9368 that is the phone number for the best show on WFMU.
We have an exciting show for you tonight.
Very exciting program.
soon as Zach Alfanakis live in the studio, the comedian. It's gonna be doing his
thing, telling us all about what's what, getting us up to speed, making us laugh,
and all kinds of other stuff planned for tonight. We just heard from in our
music break. We heard the Pazant brothers. A collection called The Brother's Funk.
Good stuff. Spanding the years 1969 to 1973 and we heard Chica Boom which is
actually the Pazant brothers and the Beaufort Express teaming up. And that CD
He is on the BGP record label before that.
Zoo!
A band called Zoo with a song City Breakdown.
A featured track on the pop made in France collection.
all kinds of crazy French pop and psych and whatnot on the magic record
label and starting us off Ted Leo and the pharmacists from the classic
Tierney of Distance album, Biomusicology, what a great song.
Ted Leo Solo is going to be doing some shows coming up in the near
throughout the month of December, East Coast shows.
I'm sure you can go to
Tedleo.com and find out more about that.
find out the dates
saw Ted Leo in the pharmacist the other night
saw them at
at the uh... the uh... the uh... spot in brooklyn i think it was studio b
is the name of the place
they played in a set of uh... of a new stuff of all original stuff featuring a
lot of new stuff the new stuff is uh... absolutely
jaw-droppingly great
absolutely fantastic
then uh... second set was uh... followed it was uh...
they were a backing ban for it in the karaoke for india rock karaoke
they're up there they're backing up all these people
from brooklyn
all of what there's one guy i don't want to talk about this one guy
I'm not going to talk about the guy in the aqua man costume.
You know what? It was a ton of fun.
It's not like I'm handcuffed running through the swamps with any of those people.
I watched them sing their songs. They were very entertaining.
Ted Lee and the pharmacist killed it up down every which way.
be positive right right mike mike's on the other side of the glass holding it
down fm you you're on the air oh please do
and I'm looking quite looking forward to Zach you're a big fan of Zach
alphinakis yes well what do you uh... what have you seen him and that you
would you uh... that turned you into a fan
uh... uh... stand-up
the stand-up
uh... didn't have a hbl special net from time ago
i think he did
yes i think that's why
first or
that i think it was called caught in the act live
so it's going on with you tonight
uh... nothing much
you know i had a doctor appointment but i won't get into it
everything okay
good
yeah good good
need you strong and healthy
yes right
yes that's right
is there anything physically that it that what it what would be a goal for you
for two thousand nine that may be uh...
if there you are you do you get enough exercise spike
uh...
not as much as i should
that's what my goal for two thousand nine
now what would be what would be uh...
an example of you getting exercise
well well like i said a few weeks ago you know walking around the neighborhood
uh...
uh... during the windows
now
kind of works that you work out your calves that way right
kind of creeping up kind of uh...
lifting your lifting your uh... little toes ease upwards
No something like that, but I do it in the park like a normal
person, okay
yeah, the two parks near me and the head that they both have tracks
So I walk over to the parks and walk around the track..
Listen, give your iPod on as you do that..
yes
blah blah blah
yes, I listen to my qualities
I could be in a do-op group. I'm a one-man do-op group. Let's know this. I can do all the parts.
And everything in between. Is that your way of changing the subject?
Oh, no, no. I'm enjoying this whole conversation.
Oh, good. So you were saying?
Oh, now I take my iPod and I do listen to my music. I listen to your show, you know,
when they download the podcast.
Really?
Mm-hmm.
You listen to any Lynn Samuels on your iPod?
I don't know if I can get her station on iTunes.
How's her show been of late?
You're a big Lynn Samuels fan also, another rival broadcaster.
Well, I don't get to listen every day because, you know, I either work, but when I do listen,
you know, I enjoy his show, you know.
What's she moaning about these days?
Oh, the usual, you know, Bush and the economy and the car companies wanting to get bailed
out.
What's she moaning about George Bush for?
Oh, well I can't stand watching with Mone.
He got beat!
That guy's like a beat dog right now!
Yeah, well, you know, should have happened eight years ago, but I'd be sorry at the point.
Look, I learned my lesson.
I voted for Bush in 2000 and 2004, and then I realized around 2006 when the gas prices
started going out of control, this guy might not be all he's cracked up to be.
exactly
and then i could then the gas prices went down a little bit as i got right
he's back
he's doing it
they creep up again and i'm like
what is the deal with this guy
i've been asked myself that for eight years
any any plans for the holidays you can see any of these exciting holiday
movies
That poor Christmas is, that looks appetizing.
That looks interesting.
You're going to see Valkyrie?
I don't know too much about that movie.
I've seen this advertisement by I know too much about it.
It's Tom Cruise as a Nazi.
All right, you know what you want to know what?
You're right.
That's like strike five already.
And he's got an eye patch.
Oh, god.
Are they going to pass out eye patches at the theater?
That's what I want to know.
Oh, I would know because that's when I move in. I think I'll pass on.
Yeah, that's right. He's a good Nazi.
He's a Nazi who put up with all the stuff, the crystal mocked and all the other stuff.
But finally, enough's enough. I gotta do something about this.
This is going a little too far for my liking.
No, I hope that I'll skip that one.
You gonna skip it?
Yeah, I am not a Tom Cruise person.
I'm gonna wear two eye patches to that one.
And pretend to be the character.
There isn't a scene in the new trailer they released for where he jumps on Rommel's couch
and does a little dance.
Oh, like you did on Oprah?
Yes.
Oh, God.
That was a disgusting display.
What are you?
What are you?
Cotton Mather?
All of a sudden?
Alright.
Tom Cruise is not my cup of tea.
He's not your cup of tea.
No.
Wait a minute.
You didn't like...
and then
rop poles
how about legend
legend
now
did you like cocktail
no
now
did you like, what's one tom Cruise movie you liked?
none actually
you haven't liked one
I don't like any of them. No, you don't like any of these Tom Cruise movies. No, what if Tom Cruise was in child's play five?
Point Chucky. I
Wouldn't see it. You wouldn't see it if he was playing Chucky in it. No, I'm gonna get you
Him with like the red wig on
No, no, it was still in the peel to me
fair enough
You know Mike's giving me the sign. He's saying enough of Spike. So I gotta move on. Oh Mike needs to behave
You're gonna are you gonna discipline him for Christmas? Oh, that's a good idea
Where are you gonna come down here Spike?
Forget the the mystique
You got to do it bring your do up records
You come down. Yeah, you play some stuff you take calls
When are we gonna make this happen?
Oh, maybe sometime next year.
Oh, okay.
Sometime next year.
Hey, oh.
Okay.
Talk with some time.
Maybe next year.
We've lived exactly zero days of 2009 and he's like, maybe I can fit it into next year.
What's the flip side of that there?
Maybe 2010.
I don't know.
If I'm you, you're on the air.
Oh, hi John.
How are you?
I'm doing all right.
Who's this?
This is Eric.
Eric from?
i'm calling from massachusetts in north hampton
how are things in north hampton
uh... a little bit
little bit cold and chilly
uh... to be expected with the winter months
uh... it is to be expected
uh... i actually wanted to ask you about the uh... mention your uh... your new
twitter account
yes sharpling dot com slash
no i'm sorry it's a twitter dot com slash
sharpling
that i've uh... then following it actually i know if you are a friend of
uh... the real shack
yes she'll only look at this twitter thing
is pure garbage first of all i've been doing it for a week
it's it's for people who
who can handle the intensity
of face book
and the status update is literally
what if you just had the status of dates of face book and nothing else
that would be like you were like two sentences
and that's it
right
yeah i was not actually some great for someone like uh... maybe h-man
you think that sounds good for the h-man
and a great form i think
ever everyone could read the uh... his uh... facebook updates and we can all be
uh...
uh... comforted
no i know what
first of all i gotta say this thing about the h-man
i'm ready to cut the h-man loose
oh boy
i'm ready
i think the h-man has had his moment
you know i mean
i i i guess i didn't know it
it is his time it come
i think he peaked
i have not seen it you know i miss with the h-man
what have you done for me lately is what it comes down to what have you done
for me lately
i gotta see something new from the h-man
he's got a kind of
gotta mix it up exactly
dazzle me
dazzle me h man
anything else and then
yes i i had a story related to the uh... the real shack
yes but it's jakele o'neill
yeah is on twitter writing these these insane two sentence things
that are like the uh... rambling's of a of a guy uh...
coming on glute i actually thought they were uh... this connected in new york
twitter account
i thought it was uh... korlton uh... cobbliss or whatever his name was
in that movie
the character that uh... philip Seymour Hoffman was playing
i thought that's what it was but it's it's a kilo kneel writing these insane
two-sens uh... they're like cries for help
that they're kind of like that
kind of like she killed you like fortune cookie phrases
on the back of
so i have a a friend that was uh... that's been following his uh... twitter
account uh... rapidly
yet it's birthday a few weeks ago and apparently
one of his friends it was quite aware that he was
uh... following the uh... the shak twitter account
and friend
no shakil o'neill
yeah and it managed to get
uh... his boss ashak to call my friend on his birthday
on twitter
uh... just actually picked the phone up
pick up the phone
So he called up my, Shaquille, and he actually called up my friend on his birthday.
And unknowingly my friend actually hung up on Shaquille O'Neal.
But he did leave a voice message wishing him a happy birthday.
And this is all that I guess magically thanks to Twitter.
happy birthday
Shaq that's the biggest snooze on two feet
Happy birthday. Hey Shaquille Neil
Who's I would like to hear Shaquille or Neil interview Hulk Hogan feel like
Hey, there's a Shaquille Neil here. Yeah, I'm here with the
There's the Hulk Hogan show. I'm here with my friend Shaquille O'Neal. Hey, how you going?
Pretty good
What's going on with you?
Oh
Play basketball
What are you doing?
Well, I was hosting American gladiator that went off the air. Yeah, that was a good show
And then a Shaquille you could talk about his over that that's self training
Reality program he did for those kids. Yeah, where he was like whipping out of shape kids
And he wasn't even actually around during that majority of you just fit into the limousine
like that and you inspire them.
Shack camp.
Here's one of Shaquille O'Neal's Twitter.
You call them tweets, right?
I guess that's what they're called.
If you have done less than what I have done, how can you comment on what more needs to
happen?
I'd like people to think of me as someone who cares about them.
Oh, and I guess he's attributing that to Princess Diana.
He just writes it through with no punctuation.
The best way to secure happiness is to be as happy as you can every day, Shaquille O'Neal.
Yeah, apparently he's very quotation.
Yes.
Just saw Punisher.
Great bloody movie.
Argh.
That's what I never mind LOL, our growl snarl spit.
It's gonna need help.
I'm a there's a call if anyone on the Sun's is listening to this show and
I know I know there's a couple players on the Sun's who listen. I
I mainly
The the one guy in the NBA who I know listen to the show is Brian Scalabrini
Of the championship post itself. Yes. He's a huge fan guy will not stop emailing me
He might as well listen during the game he doesn't get off the bench because when he
was with the Nets he found out about WFMU and found this show originally he I think
he came on board as a fan of I think he came on as a he was more a fan of like who was
it again. Dave Mandel, I think. Brian Scalabrini, he liked Dave Mandel and then he kind of transitioned
over to my show.
All right, he sounded like he made a good choice.
Brian Scalabrini looks like the answer is the question. What would happen if Michael
Rappaport was trapped in like some sort of weird like lab experiment where he was like
he got hit with some growth ray
he had a growing me
thanks for the call
fm you you're on the air
hi com
it's july from since nadi here quality caller how are you
uh... revealed some personal details on the friends of tom the message board
and i'm sorry that things are you're in a rough patch in your life right now
Um, it's an extremely rough patch.
Well, I'm trying to make the most of it in public, though.
Well, good. You know, and I hope things go smoothly
for all parties involved.
It's going as smooth as it can.
You know what?
What?
Um, the reason it's smooth and easy
is because, first of all, I'm in the robot, second of all,
mister i mean i don't know that the let's back up for that what
it's going to grow by me to robot what what does that mean
that means i'm just uh...
in survival mode
that's what most people understand it as
a meat robot
you mean that you're just nothing you're just like uh... you're just like
you're just operating
what you're just you're just uh... surviving you're like a robot
that's made out of uh... meat
you're not a meat-eating robot
oh no
yes i am though because i like me
i like to eat it
um... cows
not picked
i never eat do you eat pig
oh
because like a book i live in Cincinnati and uh... it's a big pig butchering
city right yeah
yeah yeah
i've seen a few times uh...
the truckload the pigs going to the slaughterhouse
can't deal with it
i stopped eating them
disgusting
no it is
you know what
i never mind that you want to know when i stopped eating meat
that's when i stopped eating pigs when i found out they could
speak english i'm like i'm not eating them anymore
well hold on a second and i think we need to have
They can speak English, but what are you talking about Arnold Ziffel?
I thought you saw a babe.
Yeah, it was a movie.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, movie about pigs, right?
Mike's giving me the sign, but I'm waving them off for 30 seconds.
No, Mike.
No.
I'm going forward for 30 more seconds with Julie.
Wait a second.
Okay.
So anyway, despite all that, I got it.
the key to my new apartment today. Oh congratulations. Thank you and there's
a port in the back that I cannot get up. She'll be very happy there. For your dog.
Yeah. So Tom. In March there's a wedding in India. For somebody who knows
somebody I know and four days before that is her brother's wedding I need
like four thousand dollars do you know like I was thinking of making Mike
get a Christian like you know how the Christians will buy anything I'm just
going to say yes for the purpose of moving this forward of course you know
what I mean then so yes you know like www JD well here's my idea yeah that what
would you have to do right what would she do she would take all your money so
So I'm going to make a line of children's books, yada, interpreting Jesus.
Do you think that's a good idea?
Oh, sounds like a bad, that sounds like a bad business.
I would not finance that if you came and pitched that to me, if I was a venture capitalist
and you came into my office with that pitch, I would respectfully decline.
Of course you would it because that's because you want to come out of head, but aren't there enough idiots who don't?
Well, that's the way I have a shot of it. I think you have no shot at all. I don't know
Well, then I'm not going
Well, Julie. I appreciate it. You you've got a you've got a quest in front of you. Oh
what you
FM you you're on the air hi Tom hi who's this Lori Lori from Miami how are you
tonight I'm doing pretty well I'm exhausted you I'm doing okay I'm not
exhausted okay well I am why are you exhausted um it's been a long week our
Her bobble rolled through town and kind of destroyed me.
Who did?
Her bobble.
Her bobble?
What?
Bobble as in Switzerland.
What?
It's an art thing.
You think you'd have a good phone for all the case you've got.
Were you talking off some phone designed by some artist?
This is a phone with a cord. It's not even cordless.
Who designed your phone? Felix Candela?
No, it's a normal phone.
Artist reference.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Is it a football phone?
You have the first football phone?
No, it's not a cheeseburger phone either.
So you were exhausted because who came through town?
um it was it's an art fair exhibition thing and art fair exhibition thing yes okay and
that you bought a lot of art no i actually uh respected all of my art buying to the wfm u
that's true benefit and just so people uh as a reminder
people should know that the wfm u art benefit is underway at printed matter 100 it's on
one ninety five tenth avenue between twenty first and twenty second street
to raise money for w f m u's booster and tenon and we are selling scores of
visual art through december thirteenth
all individual works are now on sale printed matter in chelsea and it
printed matter dot o r g
search for w f m u on their website
and you can check stuff out over at art
dot w f m u dot o r g
that that was the perfect segue
yes
So yeah, so I did buy some of that
and that's where all my money for art.
Well, good.
It did the right thing.
You did the right thing.
Yes, but there was some amazing stuff going down.
I saw the raining sound.
Good band, great band.
They killed it.
The best.
Although, yeah, it was amazing.
And they honored our drunken request.
what song? We repel each other but you know I made it clear that there was no
repeling between us. Yes. Personally. Sure. The band. Good. And also the
Christmas song that we can't remember the name of at the time because it's
December. Yes. And something else I can't remember. I think I had too much to drink.
tonight no no that night there was a lot of free alcohol throughout the week
um yeah but that was pretty amazing although hammerhead would be he wouldn't
be happy with the weakest circle pit I'd ever seen going on during the brutal
night
through the night's featuring uh... nick
flannigan
yes
i guess though
of taranto uh...
yeah they are canadian yes
actually i saw them in in taranto he is a a very uh...
the very charismatic from the performer that's that's for sure
also comedian
it yet
he wasn't wearing uh... many clothes
Somebody wrote something funny. Oh, I'm sorry
I'm not gonna say it. Oh, what's a mean a little mean about me?
kind of
That's not nice. I can't he wants to know so he wants to know are you are you under the influence right now?
Not right now, okay, because they wanted to know if I'm running an AA meeting over the air
I'm not drunk now, you know, it might be a hangover from a week of doing anything wrong.
I think your voice might have kind of, you might have locked in on what on your drunk
weekend.
I just wanted to share my joy.
The muscle memory.
You've still got muscle memory from your drunk weekend.
But I have not had, I have not imbibed anything.
It's all I wanted to know.
It's all I wanted to know.
Okay, but yeah, that was pretty awesome.
And I had some celebrity sightings.
Who?
Well, I saw what I thought was a kind of
cute older lady lesbian,
but it turned out to be Jefferson Hack.
Wow, that's a very, very exciting celebrity reference.
Who is that?
He's a modelizer. He is a father of Kate Moss's baby.
Now you do understand that being a celebrity is different from having a job or like existing?
I think he also publishes a magazine or something, but I don't think anyone actually reads it.
I'm still gonna say not a celebrity
What other celebrity who what other celebrities did you see Mark Jacob? Okay? Well, that's it. That's a celebrity. Yeah. Yeah, he's
Looking good. We did he got a ridiculous tattoo
Miami that's entirely possible there's
Some of the the dumbest tattoos
He has SpongeBob tattoo on him.
He has the Eminem guys.
That's it.
Well, you know, that kind of almost makes him likable.
Well, I liked him before that, but it's a stupid tattoo.
He knows it's a stupid tattoo.
Yes.
I mean, the saddest things are when you get a bad tattoo
and you think it's really cool.
Mm-hmm.
Mike keeps talking about the tattoo he's going to get.
Is it another zoon tattoo?
No, he's not going to it's not a zoom tattoo. Somebody gave him a gift certificate for a tattoo parlor
I don't I don't I am going to beg him not to get this tattoo. I don't know
It's going to it's a transporter three tattoo
So it's not going to be playing on a zoom. It's not going to be the trailer
I don't think it's like the red band trailer for the tropic thunder that he has tattooed
as played on his zoom and this thing about Obama having a zoom that's
ridiculous. Oh I didn't hear that. Somebody they spotted him in a gym with a
zoom. You don't think he borrowed somebody else's zoom? You know like he
clearly forgot his iPod and look I could care less iPod zoom whatever you
listen to your thing and I'm not something like brand a wacko like that
right I need to beat you over the head of the head. I don't own these companies
Look, if I was running Microsoft, yeah, you bet your bottom dollar, I'd be walking around
the Zoom strapped to my face 24-7, I don't care.
But everybody's like, dude, he's so Zoom, and I know these people, these Zoom people
are all excited.
Are there Zoom people?
Yes, there are.
There's three of them.
But they were all excited, hey, he's where he has a Zoom, Obama has a Zoom, it's like,
What do you think when you're there and the president-elect says, yeah, I forgot my, uh,
I forgot my, uh, iPod.
Okay, borrow.
You got anything I could listen to for 40 minutes while I'm on this treadmill?
It's like, yeah, we want to borrow this and he puts the headphones on.
He doesn't care what it says on it.
Well, I guess not.
Well, um, I'm gonna let you move on with a show.
Oh, thank you.
You have a good night?
You too.
So, yes. Yes, yes, yes. Zach Alphanak is coming up soon. Apparently, the whole zoom
thing was debunked.
Zoons.
And I had a chance, by the way, to finally transition to an iPod. I mean, not an iPod
an iPhone. I don't think I want that thing. Did you see what Kid Rock said, Mike?
I got to find this here.
He said something about, uh, he made this a challenge.
This guy's a monster, Kid Rock.
Who wants that?
Who wants what that guy's selling?
Kid Rock tickets go on sale tomorrow.
You go to get him.
Who cares?
Kid Rock is daring PETA to throw red paint on his fur coats.
He's like, I want to go to war with PETA.
My biggest extravagance is fur coats.
I've got every kind of animal in my wardrobe.
And then he said he dares them to throw a red paint on them.
I'm just willing the animal rights protesters to chuck some red paint on me.
This guy shouldn't be worried about them.
First of all, you guys walking on a fur coat in 2008.
It's ridiculous.
If anything, you should be worried that these Peter protesters don't snatch that hat off
his head. I show that a big cue ball that's hiding underneath. It's got that
greasy long hair sticking out the sides. Nobody wears a hat to that degree who's
not missing something on the top of their head.
I walk around in a fur coat.
I hope this guy gets mauled by an animal.
I was wearing a fur coat, one of his fancy fur, which is one of his extravigances.
One of my biggest extravagant answers, fur coats.
I hope he's walking around to one of them and then one of those animals that he's wearing
jumps out and attacks them thinking that they're fighting a fellow animal.
That facial hair that this guy's got too.
What is that?
This is like the, I mean I'm serious, Kid Rock is as ugly as you can get.
like he walks around like he's cool
it's like it like if the guy who it's like if the guy who works at the uh...
the cinnabon
guy works at the cinnabon at the rest of the rest stop on the on the turnpike
as if that guy thought he was cool
it's like a dirt bag that guy the cinnabon is a guy hosing at the dumpster
behind the uh... ben franklin uh... rest up on the term pike
you know what that's an insult to the guy who works at that read that's a
hard-working guy
this monsters that just uh... this is this monsters they not even put in the
working
i apologize
for for be smurching
the fine hard-working people of the new jersey uh...
rest up uh...
uh... they they they they they've been franklin next uh... they've been franklin
a rest stop oh we have an exciting show plans for you tonight look out Jack
it's coming down this kid rock I hope somebody throws paint on him
It's hudlum, it's just a human garbage.
You could get the same effect as Kid Rock if like a wild animal ate a bag of garbage,
like Kid Rock wearing a fur coat.
Like when Kid Rock's walking around in a fur coat, he's strutting down the street in
his fur coat
they could he's uh... king of the world
when kid rocks got that fur coat on
the same effect
would be
if like a uh... bear eight
like a bag of garbage from a garbage can in a park
because that's what it is kid rock is the garbage
wrapped in animal fur
I hope Zach's not friends with the kid Rock. I'm gonna have to backpedal.
Oh look at my wolf. Mike opening the door. Very exciting. It is very proper.
It's like you've never had Mike open the door like that.
He's trying to take on more is we're on the air right now. Just don't say any uh, I know you're not
I just need you
You mean I just look down
Sex vacation
Would getting off a plane
in general everything yeah you know what I'll do a lot though is speaking of that
near my house there is like a an adult bookstore and like I'll often drive by
it and if I happen to be driving past it when like someone is walking out of
it I go like bam bam bam it's like that kind of like that kind of like um
Hello, like we know each other. Yeah. Hey, it's Greg and the guy just like you
just most like spook the guy all night. Who saw me? Did they know it was an
adult bookstore? Oh, that's really funny. If you can get like an application on
your iPhone to know everybody's name that comes out of a porn shop. Yes. I can't
can't hear can you turn that knob up and can you hear now no matter how about
those headphones if you want to hear it's very exciting by the way we have
Zach alphanacus in the studio just showed up how are you I'm good sorry I'm late
I'm sorry I'm early you're early you're you're right on time you said nine o'clock
nine o'clock I'm a believer and being on time you're professional yep
Are you turning a corner with that, or have you always been like Mr. Ankhov?
Always.
I cannot stand people that have a French way of being.
Whether European about their time, like, whatever.
If you say a specific thing, if you say afternoon, then I'll be there whenever I want.
But if you say nine, I'll be there at nine.
Alright.
You know what?
Or the German no.
I appreciate that.
Thank you for that. And thank you for coming down also. Yeah, I gotta go in a second. So I have to be somewhere at 903
So um, I was talking my kid rock before you showed you're not your kid's name is rock. No, I'm sorry
I thought you pause between I was talking to my kid rock. Well talking about uh
They're doing that's an ABC family show kid rock. It's like a young version of rock that uh charles s dotting show
Yeah, I know who that is, but you've had a TV show called rock. Okay, but no, I'm talking
about the guy Kid Rock. Oh, okay. Oh, I see. Okay. He was daring the people from PETA
to throw red paint on him because he likes wearing his animal furs all around.
Salt of the earth, that guy. Salt of the earth, Kid Rock. Good for him. He's just struggling
for attention
then if that's what you have to do uh...
so that
he has a show
a show i mean are you sorry he doesn't have a show called kid rock
was a joke
okay and i just walked in and you're still cold
you're still shifting gears beautiful night
and uh... jersey city but it is nice
the nice that the weather is uh...
very accommodating
very nice for this point in december
so how are you
I'm good, Tom. I'm really good. How are you doing? Okay. How are how's the good big holiday plans? Not really no. Hmm. Oh, so
You how about you a holiday plans
Really good back and forth
You look like a really healthy Arthur Arthur Lane. Thank you. That's a really healthy art arthy laying. That's great
You do though. You look. Oh, thank you, but you look good. Oh, thank you. You've been your head your face is a lot of energy to it
Thank you. Usually does it. I think it usually is kind of gray and yeah, usually has the the ambiance of a
Styrofoam cooler
Tonight it looks good. Oh good. It's nice to be here. So are you in the middle of a I forgot
Do you don't do commercial stuff? Do you commercial breaks? No, no, no this straight through three hours
So non-martial station. How are we gonna do some stuff? Well, we'll don't worry
You have a plan because I I will not tire you out. Okay, cuz I don't have anything
Don't worry. I wasn't expecting you to bring anything. Okay, I'm driving the bus. You're just a passenger on this bus. Okay good now. I
Was here at eight by the way
Was really I but I felt I didn't want to intrude. So I you can where's that place we go to afterwards?
Oh, we don't say that over the radio because they they will show up at it. Oh
What's the name of that staples we go? Oh, yeah, it's called staples
Anyway, I went there for a couple of pints. Oh, that's nice
Anyway, because I didn't want to be overly the path is quick lightning. It's really nice. Yes, very nice
If you want some water right there, there you go
And there's cookies in that bag no cookies for me. Hey Mike. Do you want cookies?
Later, okay
You know, it's like a premeditated thought he as if he had seen those cookies an hour and a half ago
Yeah, you know what if he asked me. I'll say later right away
So you sack alphanicus, yeah, by the way, this is WFM you East Orange WX HD Mount Hope
worldwide on the World Wide Web at WFMU.org.
This is the best show on WFMU.
My name is Tom Sharpling.
I'm here with Zach Alfonakis in studio.
He's very famous, very funny comedian.
You may have seen.
He's a very, you have to say he's very famous.
It kind of goes against the point, doesn't it?
Oh, I'm not a comedian, I'm a serious actor.
But look, there's people who need to know
that you're famous and they get excited by that.
Some people that need to know.
Some people, look, these people have no idea
what's going on in the world.
Oh, this guy's somebody.
He's got some schmoe off the streets,
like some third raider that I managed to,
he was begging me to come up here.
This is a coup.
So you sometimes have people that you don't even know
who they are as guests?
No, no.
Top notch, only the top shelf people come in here.
Have you, has there ever been time when you've struggled
to have someone and you really don't want to go solo
and you'll invite anyone, like.
No, no, I'll talk for eight hours straight.
You can.
Yeah, I don't need guests to help carry this thing.
It's a treat for me and a treat for them, the audience.
But it's like Top Shelfbeath.
You get a Patton Oswalt comes in.
You get a Paul F. Tompkins comes in.
You get a Zach Alfonakis comes in.
These are three.
at a john hodgner league
may be
uh...
w in the eighties
i'd do they even have minor league w in the eight but they should that's what
those three people that just named
especially the other two
john hodgman fattitude
john hodgman he's no he's top
and the other guys are great too but i just i i'm more friendly with the
other two that's why I can rip them a little bit you're saying because I'm not
having I'm not having Ray Fines yeah he's not coming by yeah you know I'm not
having you know Daniel Day Lewis isn't swinging I was told that the cast of
Twilight was gonna be here tonight that's why I got here at eight if you'll
autograph book have you seen that movie no is it good I haven't seen you know I
I almost said like I was going into a bit, but no, I haven't seen it.
Will you see it?
You won't know that?
Why?
I don't know.
Why wouldn't I?
It looked like a lot of hype and a lot of good-looking, a lot of good-looking people.
I don't have time for that.
It looks like a two-hour TV show.
Yeah.
Like that they're putting out as a movie.
They're just kind of putting this thing out that would be, could be like a small ville
or something but as a movie. You're a small bill fan? No, I've never seen it. I've seen
a few minutes of it. Not for me. Sorry. It's hard to watch. We need to download it two
minutes at a time. Small bill. You lose the chronology of it, but I've seen it online.
I've seen Smallville. I've tried to see it probably around 8,100 times. You keep trying
trying to just get into it?
Yes.
Oh, right.
My notes.
The witch clip goes with the witch clip that I just saw.
You know, you can lay up these DVDs out now of it.
You can kind of just spare yourself that.
You don't like DVDs.
I don't like to shop.
Not a big shopper?
No.
I hate it.
I hate shopping.
I hate consumerism.
Mm-hmm.
I can't.
It's, we've been duped, Tom.
We've been duped in the society that shopping is going to...
make us happy makes me a little happy what do you shop for books books what is
that what is that book thing that you can download like what's it called yeah
the Kindle I was doing this this movie a month ago and Jeffrey Tambor was he's
the guy on the rest of development yes it very funny got from the ropers yeah
and always look like he has paid in his face mm-hmm and without him trying to be
funny he yelled out to the whole crew has anybody seen my Kindle I've lost a
Kindle like what is a Kindle because you know and I just that I could not stop
I'm saying it all day long.
You guys find his Kindle?
I love when people assume that everybody knows
what they're talking about.
It always makes me laugh.
Always does.
And now you have like PA's scrambling
with their headsets.
Well, they found it, they found it immediately.
Canboard doesn't have time to waste.
He was what?
He was actually reading how to use a Kindle.
It was the instruction button.
Or how to lose a Kindle.
Do you have any musicians that come up here?
I know that you do.
You know, Ted Leo will come by.
He'll do the stuff.
Ben Gibbard has come by, nice guy, very talented young man, number one album in the country
this year.
What?
Yes.
He does?
He did.
It's banded, yes.
Oh, I didn't know that.
His band is Death Cab for Cutie.
Not playing around here.
I get stars up here.
Now I got you up here.
I thought that name bothers you.
Death Cab for Cutie.
Come on.
Why would that bother him?
I don't know.
It seems a little.
No, I know where it came from.
What did it come from?
You know, the movie Magical Mystery Tour, the Beatles did it.
No, I don't know that.
No, you've never heard.
No, you might know the album.
Have you ever seen the now come to think of it? No. How can you get it on a Kindle?
Ask Jeffrey Tambor
So it comes from it comes it's a song that this band the Bonzo doo da band
Who appeared as a band in that movie did that song in it? Oh didn't know that
I know how his other name came to be
What's that the postal service? Oh, yeah, everybody knows that. Yes
Like rock trivia night
Do you know how the Commodore's got their name?
Uh, I have no idea.
They, uh, did the whole dictionary thing.
Let's thumb through the dictionary first.
Mm-hmm. Oh, that's right.
And they almost heard the commodes.
That's true.
Really? Search that, Mike.
Mike, search.
Let's go to Google.
You know, Canadians don't know the word commode.
Really?
You know, it's a, uh, strictly American.
If you ask a Canadian, do you know, they know toilet,
they know washroom, they know bathroom,
but commode, they have no clue what that is.
It has not made it up there yet.
No, it hasn't crossed.
So you were after 9-11, they were very strict with words.
So did you bring that up like a fine spice
that they had yet to?
I think I was saying to my girlfriend, who's Canadian,
I was, and she just did not know what a commode was.
It's just very odd of all words, you know, you know, yeah
Where it has to be a hundred miles an hour. Oh, okay. Take our time here
With Zach alphinakis is in the studio. It's very exciting
The phone numbers 201 209 9368 now
Oh, wait, wait, where to, what's he doing out there?
I've really got to get a new guy.
Commodore story is true.
Yes.
But not the commode thing.
But Evan, yeah, the commode thing is true, right?
Yes.
Okay.
Well, it seems like it does seem like it would be a joke.
Yeah, yeah.
Okay.
No, but it's not your joke.
It's the competition.
No, no, it's Lionel Richie's joke.
That's a good joke.
Yeah.
I'm sure the publicist for the Commodore's was just heard that one eight thousand times
when he's like, here's an interesting story about how the name came about, because there's
nothing else to talk to that guy about.
I'm here with the Commodore's.
So guys, I understand.
Hey, we've got Lionel Richie from the Commodore's, their new single brick house is climbing
the charts.
I thought I was the only one that would know that, Trujillo.
I'm kind of bummed that you were on top of the Commodore
stumbling through the dictionary.
You can't put anything past those guys.
Mike, Evan.
OK, quickly, Mike.
Without looking up, who was a Gerald Ford's vice president?
Five seconds.
One.
Damn.
Mike's good.
That's right.
Nobody knows that.
Nobody knows that.
Did you know that?
under five seconds and under five seconds I would not have hit on that now if I
would have thought about it I could have piece that together yeah and I'm I know
my vice president trivia so if you if there's any vice president you want to
quiz me on did you vote in this election 2004 not 2008 Dukakis is a
right in. Yes, I did. Of course I voted. Are you excited to
vote? I changed my citizenship, statesmanship, what is it?
Statehood to from California to North Carolina. Okay. So so I
could vote for Bob Barr. So you know, I was a lot of FedExing
and paperwork and what but I did I voted in North Carolina and the state voted
for the guy who I wanted to win yes I was very exciting watching North Carolina
kind of it's pretty amazing from where I'm from it's pretty amazing yeah what
part of North Carolina are you from again I'm from the mountains I'm from the
Appalachian Mountains or the foothills I'm from the foothills but I live in the
in the Appalachia Mountains now. Okay. That's where you have a retreat there. Well, I don't know
what it is, but it's a place where moonshine exists in my fridge. Are you making your own
moonshine? No, the neighbors, the people, I don't really have neighbors, but the townsfolk,
I guess you'd give an order off that you like to drink and they just come out of the woods with
with mason jars and and uh... as uh... my friend rv who came down
to deliver some moonshine
said to me at seven in the morning in front of my girlfriend
i know why zach locks the moonshine it makes girls panties flop
i think it was i think it was uh...
is that a break poem
anyway so yeah
moonshine is heavy out there
and illegally made it's really
it's really good though
you drink to you you know big drinker no no
a lot of stuff to do
i'm having a uh... new year's uh... gathering at my place if you'd like to
come down
really do it did last year
and you know you're saying this over the radio now i'm talking to you though i'm
not saying
people on their way to yeah
but you know it
you know that someone's filling in the blanks now thinking that uh...
i'd like to invite everybody else
here's my address
uh... but no i'd love for you to come now
all well that's very nice
i'm not sure what i'm doing on new years
you know holiday plans
not really keep it loose
it for you
but you've had a very busy year
you've been bouncing all over the place
i haven't seen you in a long time i see i saw you six months ago at some
empty deal
empty thing
or is that the last time i think i saw you
die listeners don't be fooled
sharpening what loves to hang out of them to be
is it it
saturday line thing
oh maybe that's what it was yeah
but it was yeah i hang out i was very sad
saddened when uh
total quest live was
canceled
yeah i mean uh... they've really launched a lot of
wonderful things
mtv is
i mean
you know when you listen to an alley merchant
song fifteen years ago and what is she going on about
turns out she's right
you ever hear a song uh...
as something about mtv i can't remember the title
but it's just
like she was a mad at it
she was very angry at it yeah
but a very lovely song
she came to one of my stand-up shows though not amused not amused not a not
a great laugh her hmm hardly hold on a second
Natalie merchant yeah not a generous laugh her no no no that's a shocker yeah
you probably didn't like my ten minutes on a ne to Franco but yeah I was so
excited that she was at the on she wasn't there for me I was opening up for
someone and she was there and I was so excited because I really like her and
yeah just sitting there like a toll booth operator. But with really good seats so
that you could clearly like really good eyeline. Yeah. So it could know that she
didn't like any of my humor. Now when you're on stage and that's happening can
you not stop looking at the person who's not you know who seems to not be
enjoying the show do you have some is that is that unavoidable when it's
going well I zone out but when it's when it's not going well or I feel some
energy yeah you know I feel like I should talk to the person because I feel a
little bit bad that they pay to cover and they they don't know what they came
to see and so I want to try to figure that out also in in in doing that trying
to entertain the audience but yeah you can feel that heat you can feel how many
link 182 concerts have you gone through the last year in the last year none okay
last four years none okay I guess all right so I've been six times okay since
flag day June 14th uh-huh I was disappointed a couple times I was given
Um, the lead singer a little bit my body, uh, language and he, uh, Mark Hoppus.
Yeah, Mark Hoppus.
Do you really know the ghost?
Yeah.
You know, Mark Hoppus.
Um, anyway, no, I, I sometimes can feel that someone's not enjoying it.
I feel bad, you know, but, but also feel that they're irresponsible for not researching
what they went to see.
You know what I mean?
You mean that just instead of, though, it's, though,
I think it's I've heard people have the bring this up where it's like you wouldn't just go see music like hey
There's music in this. Yeah, Patton Oswalt says that. Yeah, that is it. Pan says it just like but comedy is the same way and then people
People but people will just walk in when it says comedy. That's right. And they may be I don't think that they're gonna see an
old-time juggler and then they they go and it's
Mark Marin
sitting
On a stool and you know, it's not the same thing. Yeah with the New York Times in front of them
Well these days. It's I think he's just dissecting
the back of a Fiji water bottle
He's moved on
It's kind of he can get more out of less like that right exactly. Mm-hmm. Is there a caller?
Oh, there's plenty of them. I'm just curious. Oh, let's listen. It's you're doing a good job pacing without
Fm you you're on the air. Hi. This is Nikki
Hey, Nikki, where are you calling from? I'm calling from Hastings on Hudson, New York
Okay, I have a quick question answer out there. That's fancy
Yeah, I have a quick question for Zach. Do you live? Are you you're like a rich guy?
I
It's not like the richest part of Westchester. It's pretty it's pretty fancy though. Yeah, it is
I like I don't like to admit that I'm rich, but
You're rich or your parents are rich
In a pinkberry
Nothing go ahead Richie. I mean
Nikki Nikki go ahead. Okay. This is a bit of a personal question
I know you guys haven't gotten along that well recently, but it's the holiday season. What's going on with Seth?
That's your brother. That's my twin brother. Yeah
Seth is actually
He's in the metropolitan area and
He texted me tonight and he's
I don't know if it was it anyway, he's in he was singing with a chorus group up here
and
So he reaches out to me
It's a little bit my fault that I have not reached out to him, but since he texted me
But he's singing with a group called the Staten Island fairies
Is that a good joke?
It seems like such an old-timey joke there has to be
people have been doing this in the 20s, right?
Right, right.
But the Staten Island Ferry.
Yeah, it's just such a horrible, come on, don't...
It's good.
I know, but it's a bit hacky.
But I have not talked to him.
We were together at Thanksgiving.
He did text me tonight.
But I have...
Thanksgiving, we had dinner at my parents' house.
It was really nice.
He has a kid now named Tony.
name Tony Tony and I you know I don't really know it said I want to be too
personal about it. Okay. Do you hang out? That's it. FMU you're on the air.
It's rude when you do that. Just let people breathe. Yeah Tom. What's that? Let
people breathe. Instead of doing what? Instead of wheezing. Hopefully. Who is
is this? Fredricks. I just want to tell you, your health plan is working out wonderful
for me. You're the guy from where? Newport Richie Tom. Do you know where Newport Richie
is? Yeah. Yeah, he does. What states it in? It's a Rhode Island. No, it's in Florida,
Califianakis. Florida. This guy, this guy called me. The first time this guy called
me. What's your name? Fredrick? Fredrick's. I'm plural. Okay. My love is good. Yeah,
Mike loves Fredrick's. I didn't even read. I thought he called me, he goes, it's Fred
rick's from Newport, Richie. And then I said, where's that? And he got so mad that I didn't
know was in Florida as if he said, hey, it's Fredrick's from Fort Lauderdale. And I was
like for Lauderdale where on earth is that it's in Florida like Newport Richie
well what's his what's his be what's his whole thing he smokes you should have
heard him call he called it was it last week yeah I was coughing a lot you were
caught he was calling he started laughing and he had that smokers laugh yeah
that was just out he could not control it it was like yeah like and then I told
them it's time for him to grow up and he needed to stop smoking
but i brought a bronchial later
you put a bronchial later
yeah they're really cheap all these old people have to move out of their
foreclosed homes in the bronchialators are like three dollars a piece
are they used
you can change the model you're doing a comedy routine now i don't want to hear
this guy's
says act
he worked up all week
yeah i think it was like two weeks
what he called last week this is his new his character is
i like it but it was good but he started off not as a character but now he's
playing to the show okay well next week in a little bit more
that's in the room
it
and you you're on the air
hello
high was this
that this is the guy who acts like you called him
I'm doing pretty well Tom how are you doing I'm doing what's your name I'm Dan Dan
where you're going from Ottawa Ottawa that might explain a little bit of that
from Canada yes I just wanted to talk to the
Canada expert those on the show earlier
The what the guy who was apparently a Canada expert knew what we do and don't know. Oh, okay. Oh, he's talking about me. Yes
Yeah, well, you know, my name is Zach. You don't you don't have to act like, you know, we don't get along
No, no, I'm just saying like we know what commode is I can well here. Here's the thing about Canadians
Mm-hmm. They are the most self-righteous. I love them for years
Now the tables are turned. They have Stephen Harper up there. We have Barack Obama. I don't give a <E.D.> if you know what commode is anymore.
The tables have turned. How does it feel to be in Ottawa and sitting there in your self-righteous banana republic assistant manager t-shirt?
And now know that the tables have turned. Dan?
uh...
i didn't mean to i didn't mean to go on the tirade i'm just kidding
okay no
there like
there are cool things you could say about canada like our smarties are
completely different from your smarties yeah i don't like so i don't like
smarties
yeah but
no i can even prove the commode is a canadian word because i can't point
see
well i can't curse but but here's the thing about canada great music
great people
a little too self-righteous
you mean in the fact that in that from the humble attitude there's like a
well of course it's born out of that and there's a there's a neighbor that
there's often a jerk
and uh... you know they they have a right to be that way
work hockey and their self-righteous it's just uh... it's just human nature
it's kind of the balancing act yes
but he went to camp in buffalo it kinda
he admitted that he went to camp in buffalo and like
Like wouldn't you think that if Canada
had one thing in surplus, it would be summer camps?
Oh, they have an abundance of them.
But then, but why would anyone?
Go to Buffalo.
Yeah.
For summer camp, I don't know.
Maybe Jim, what was the quarterback's name?
Buffalo Bills.
Oh, Jim Kelly?
Yeah, maybe went to quarterback camp.
Jim Kelly football camp.
Yeah.
and then they had to like, short, like do only three downs
for like the Canadian kids.
Well, I think they have, don't they have four downs?
Mike, Canadian football, three downs, right?
Thank you.
Still to this day, I don't know whether they're so bitter.
Yeah.
So you excited about this Jay Leno news?
Excited about that?
You said it like Jay Leno when you said that.
uh...
yeah uh... i read today that he is uh...
yeah that's good
uh...
there and the more
talk shows
uh... on television
yet it's literally going to be
like nbc now there's like nine hours of the today show
i would have loved to see him put it up ryan's face when he got that news
that
that he gets what
you're you're still the second show of the evening
the second option that only that conan
guess where all the stars are going to go yet
uh... that's really funny
well what do you do
not watch
uh... you know when there used to be really funny as a comic i thought it was
great
but he just i guess he just got
you know some people are enticed by dollars and he just
you know
I, you know, I need, I need one more Dodge Viper.
That's, that's his mindset.
With all his cars.
I need a 1937 Dodge Viper.
Well, they, uh, Jay, they weren't, they weren't,
they weren't a thing back then.
I don't care.
I have so much money.
Yeah. Get me one.
Yeah.
Have you ever seen him drive around Los Angeles
in one of those crazy cars?
Like a Model T?
No, I have it.
Have you?
No.
me it's like I'm trying to get to work out there and then this guy's tying up
the 101 because he's going in something that's going eight miles an hour and
everybody's got to like laugh and hey it's Jay Leno driving he's waving the
people like yeah oh yeah he he does like he puts that's a mental disorder
though it's a it's a it's a modern mental disorder that the same people that
Donald Trump and puffy puffy combs or whatever his name at they have the same
It's a modern mental disorder that nobody has come up with the term yet, and that's exactly what it is.
It's beyond ego. There's something that the media has created and all that, and then someone needs to try to figure out what that is.
Where he's just playing to it 24 hours a day, driving.
It's not enough that he's the host of The Tonight Show, and that everybody in America, or a lot of people in America,
watching him tonight, that he literally looked like,
if I'm going to work, I still need to be noticed
as he drives in a car that now is making me
an hour late for work.
If he could figure out a way through a hologram
to, you know, you're taking a shower
and then you forget that your soap is actually
on your sink and you open up the shower curtain
and you look and he could be sitting on the toilet,
go ahead and never noticed.
If he could figure out a way to do that
get into everybody's life like that.
That's what I mean by disorder.
And nothing against the guy,
nothing against any of that Donald Trump guy drives me nuts,
but there is a thing that's been created
in the last 20 years of this mental disease
that we all have to be ubiquitous and known and it's crazy.
Yes, it is crazy.
And I just wanna remind people,
If you want to follow me at Twitter, it's Twitter.com slash sharpling, so I will
keep you abreast of everything that's going on with me in two sentence spurts
on an endless...
What are you Rick Sanchez? Do you know who that guy is? He's the CNN guy.
He's always mentioning social networks on CNN, which I find.
it's it's very uh... very strange that uh...
he's like uh...
hit me up on a face book
if you're you're forty five-year-old man who
is is asking people
and it's odd to be
i guess he just wants to make sure that
he can walk into a meeting and say
look at this look at this is my fan base
i'm not saying it's not smart it's very smart but it's it's inconvenient to
one's life yeah but when he go it would
he can say
I'm ready to pop. Like I'm I'm ready to be the next Anderson Cooper here and this proves it.
And it would be that. You ever see the guy in the morning on CNN who delivers the news as if he's a
manager at Chuck E. Cheese? No. He's so happy and it doesn't matter if it's about Mumbai or whatever.
His delivery is so positive.
You don't have this guy in the morning?
I do a lot of I miss in the morning.
That's pretty much where I'm locked in.
You see more of a Tom like this guy.
Do you know who that is?
Yeah.
Jesus.
Really?
Yeah.
Yeah.
That guy, Tom like is for people on the East Coast.
I don't know.
Is he on the East Coast?
He was, and then it didn't work.
Like they syndicated him out here
And it flamed out after it was the it's the absolute bet. He's this he's this guy. It looks like
it looks like if you put like sunglasses on like a troll like
kind of you know and and like a cool bomber jacket and
And then but he goes on the radio and he talks all about like
Like men's like it like how men need to keep women in line. Yeah. Yeah, do you listen to him? Oh, I listen
everybody just because it's such it's so funny to me or you take notes during
Lycus 101 oh you know his callers call him father hey or dad hey dad that's
disgusting yeah it's like Jim Jones oh hey and again Mike said Mike just yelled
out for people can hear it's like yeah it's like Jim Jones because this is what
you're missing Mike for the last three weeks has been bringing up three weeks
ago he's like, hey, it's the anniversary of Jonestown today. You're going to do something
on the show about that? What am I supposed to do on the show about that? A call in segment
on, hey, Jonestown, remember when? And then the next week, he was like, you sure you're
not going to do anything on Jonestown? Like it was last week. And then you just gave him
an in father. Now I'm going to hear it for the next three weeks. Jonestown talk from Mike.
Mike's defense um both uh MSNBC and CNN did a huge uh Jonestown reunion I think
I think anniversary might be a better word but reunion Facebook me if you're
Jonestown um but yeah uh I'm I'm actually intrigued by all that stuff so more
Jonestown stuff you want more Jonestown I can get enough of it did you ever
watch that horrifying documentary on it. It just it just
kills you. It's so well with all the audio dropped in like where
they had the they had audio tape running on him talking through
the public address system. Are you talking about one documentary
that was recent? I saw it a couple years ago. Well, I think
CNN must have gotten a hold of it because they had audio of it
to. Okay, it's just the worst stuff you've ever heard. Yeah. Yeah,
I mean, I mean, I don't know what to say about it, but it is my goal.
You do have the compound.
What do you think it's when the thing goes?
How many acres did he have?
He had like a thousand, yeah, thousands of acres.
Yeah, drink the moonshine.
That's right.
You have you've laid out all the talking point.
A compound in the middle of nowhere.
people bringing beverages father there is Wi-Fi that'll be my your one if anybody
if anybody has questions you know what I don't feel easy but there's Wi-Fi but
this Tom Likis is a total creep who's been married like 11 times and he gives
it relationship advice it's like you know a Catholic preschool it's so it's so
funny that and I'm always amazed that people's confidence and what they're
saying it just baffles me and he is sure and everything he says I mean that's
why I listen to him I mean but he's he's he's just putting it's it's the ultimate
act I mean it's a clearly a performance well he knows yes he knows it is yeah he
Because when he goes home, he realizes he's in his fifth failed marriage.
And he's like, of course it's an act.
Right.
Yeah.
Because he's like, this is how you go on a date.
He's like, you take the woman to a place.
$30 is all you spend on that first day.
Like he has these rules.
These guys who spend, you know, $100 on a first date or something.
He just like, he recommends like some cheapo Italian restaurant in the LA where you're
you're just like go to that. What do you want to do is gonna
subaro one slice. No toppings. Did she pay for it? No, she
didn't. We have some calls now. Not now. Don't say it now
like we didn't have calls before. No, we always have
called us and now we will go to the call. I'll say there
you're on the air. Hi, hi, it's Dan again. Okay, go
Hey, what's going on?
Who's this?
Again, another caller.
This guy's doing a routine.
Oh.
What's your name, sir?
Avril.
Avril?
Avril latrine.
If I'm you, you're on the air.
Hey.
Hey.
Who's this?
This is Finnegan from Rhinebeck, New York.
How are you tonight, Finnegan?
I'm great. I you guys have been talking about like Tom like it's for like 10
minutes I gotta tell you that's it's boring me oh I'm sorry FM you you're
on the air how's it going all right good okay I'm sure this is actually
me on the earth or not hey my name is back to and I was born in 1969 like you
Well, wrong decade.
Oh.
Now what?
This thing says Wikipedia says 1969.
Well, Wikipedia, you should actually look at my bio that says 1989.
Well, you know, the funny thing is your site is down right now.
I'm sorry to say.
Okay.
If I try to go to your site, it's your name, which I'm not going to try and pronounce your last name.
Just try it.
uh...
apanachalist
no apanachal
yeah that's it
it's not an
aca-machalist
uh...
i'm sorry i'm actually all in there
i mean you could have at least done the first letter right in it
is that the worst what's the worst pronunciation g
i thought of the silent g
what's the worst pronunciation you've ever heard of your name uh... once
uh... was that uh... you know how
you'll hire a car to pick you up the airport and uh...
or someone on our car
And I couldn't find my name, you know,
how the guys would hold the thing.
And I was like, I called the car company,
and I was like, you know, I don't,
my car's out here, I can't, I can't find my car.
And as I'm explaining to the guy on a payphone,
I look over, and this 80 year old man is holding a sign
that says Gaspa Finaski, who I found him.
Nevermind.
Good one, right, you like that?
that was good
i was actually going to ask that i was good
since of all thinking that you were born the same time i was back when they
weren't very many that's what you know the worst
he's what that you got for your name besides your last name which
obviously must have uh... john much attention but uh...
when i was in school back in
you know the early seventies oh my goodness that was such a bad name to
have
and uh...
what would they call it what would they call it
Oh, Zack attacked the Kodiak and Zack attacked the balsalini. Yeah, I don't know if there's all kinds of anything to run with
So history buffs would
Oh, yeah, you would think that they were like, you know, yeah, the Kodiak the code like a bear like you were getting
like the bear and
Just the Zack act attack and I'll come to this nonsense stuff. I don't know
now is this
i'll try to put it out of my room where are you calling
where are you calling really i don't know what literally where who's talking in
the background there
uh...
this might
boys in the background
i have to find
can i talk to them
you want to talk to them before but sure you want to talk to them
yes please
okay same callers
they're not that i'd love to talk to them about hello hi what's your what's
your name young man
uh... i think
what's that
my name's i think all i think
yet
very modern
funny
oh is it
so what how are things that with you what greater you in
uh... many great all going into that great after the summer uh... how's that
going
uh... pretty good applied to uh...
central and
i'm hoping to get in
like a really good school
sure there's wolverines are tough this year
you gotta get you get you worried about being a freshman in in high school
well
yeah a little bit
and i have some friends in that school already so hopefully if they start
trying to get up some will come to my defense
hopefully uh-huh
but those kids are seen they'll still beat up a sophomore they don't care
i don't like the geeky school so i don't know if there's going to be too many tough guys there
I mean, I could, like, tease them up in my other school, so...
Teased about what?
Just being the nerd guy.
I'm, like, top student and everything, so...
You can't let that stuff bother you, though.
Yeah.
Who's paying... who's saying the stuff?
Uh, dumb people.
Like, dumb jock kids?
Yeah, the jock kids.
Like, do people get deezing everything?
Yeah, you can't worry about that.
Okay.
Tom just morphed into Dr. Drew.
I sense the troubled family when I was talking about dad why yeah right your
dad's a little right he's a handful yeah yeah really busy working on a lot of
coding projects and stuff for a bunch of companies but what does I think and
what was that in the background that's my brother I think he's got some kind of
cold yeah just coughing four more years is all you've got buddy four years and
then you're this is all behind you
then i'm out of here
what are you going to do you might ask it
there's a lot of that's not
i know that's my dad
i think i wouldn't do it here
after you've done with high school
i don't know
maybe go into like graphic design because i'm really good with photoshop
or uh... i might go into the military because both my parents are so i don't
know
um...
so you want to get well you know what you have four years to figure it out
yet for you
but that i mean i might end up doing something really different you know
that's a hard that's hard though right
that
dying over there just laughing
for some reason
what's the worst thing about your father
um...
how he's just
i think they're laughing like
he's higher something uh...
like he has to be the center of attention right now to your moment
And he's somehow trying to make it about him, right?
Yeah, exactly.
He's embarrassing you a little bit sometimes.
My brother's coughing too, so I've got like two people
just blasting at their house.
Yeah.
He got that.
He got that.
So anyway, hang in there, Isaac.
OK, thanks, man.
Oh, you want to talk to my little brother?
No.
I do.
I'm sorry it's too late.
F.M. You're on all the calls.
I know it's weird that you excuse me call it before you start talking. Yeah, it's weird how you tried to draw in
This family dynamic. Uh-huh. You really you're like leaning over the sound board
You were really searching for something are you why were you doing that cuz I don't just say sound
I could hear something was up there, but maybe nothing was maybe you're making something and then the kids like whoa. Oh, you know
What you're right, and I was right. I don't think you were I think the father was just that dad if that was dust
That dad try that a hand bone father driving this poor kid trying to find this identity
up the wall
God have mercy on that kid man show breaking
By one man show actually I'm working on a one man show
Are you really yes?
It's a character thing though. Oh good. It's even better. It's a character named Dutch
Okay. Vietnam vet. It's called the United States of Dutch. I've been crafting it for
a while. I got a better idea. Why don't you meet the guy? He goes back to Vietnam. Mm-hmm.
And he's, he's, he wants to be a veterinarian. And it's called Vietnam vets. That was an
email I got yesterday a real this guy really had an idea for a talk for a
sitcom and that was what it was called. Who's looking at me? Oh come on, serious I'm
doing my show stop. Stop. That's Tom's wife for the listeners. FMU you're on the
air. Hi Tom. Hi who's this? This is Erica from Baltimore. Hey Erica how are you?
I was wearing a t-shirt with your face on it and an IKEA and a girl that was checking me out told me that she went to high school with you in North Carolina.
What was your name?
I don't remember.
It was really random though.
What IKEA were you at?
Baltimore?
Oh, number 37.
Right.
Exactly.
Um, huh did she just did she say that's all she said is I went to high school with a guy?
It'll be it'll be fifty five dollars
What do you mean? She's like do you know him?
I was like well not personally and uh, and she said that she went to high school with you
Very random. Yes. Yeah, most people that I
Graduated with years ago
still
At Ikea. Okay. I have a nice voice. Oh, thanks
Well, I also wanted to ask about visionaries, the movie that you're in, and whether or not
there would be any chance being in Baltimore that I might get to see it anywhere around
here.
You know, that movie is, I like that movie a lot, and it's, I think that guys are still
looking for district I think it'll be on a DVD eventually or just YouTube
can you download something on YouTube that's two hours long I think we'll have
to be in parts like okay vision years part one you watch nine minutes and
50 seconds of it then you find the next one right you kind of work your way
through the movie it's good it's a good good for the experience good for the
flow of a movie and three of sixteen's not loading
it
hold on
hold on with a boot up the other part
make another bag of uh...
popcorn oreos do you make oreos can you make oreos at home
erica i'm very proud of the movie i really i really like it i wish people
i would hope it people can see it one day
i'm sure well i mean it's it looked really really cool
thank you
to see it all right good night thank you erica
it's a solid caller yes
Quick questions to the point, nobody coughing
in the background.
Yeah, knew who you were and not you
trying to figure out their family life.
That one will, you'll realize later
that I did the right thing on that call.
Because he's a past caller?
No, no, just because you'll say, you know what?
Tom read that situation spot on.
That was like a, I saw what was going on there.
kind of you listen to what was going on there and see what was going on no I saw
what was going on see that's what all that's later you realize I saw experience
okay right well we do that every week Mike right if I'm you you're on the
air hello every week right Mike where we chastise a child about his father
and well not him but his existence you basically said that your father is well
hold on one second mike
you basically said that his father is
out as problems
well i think everyone who heard that guy
put two sentences to go speak uh-huh you would say that my father is the
you heard my father speak it says that but this is the but the i'm talking for
that kid's point of view
he's fourteen
remember what it's like to be fourteen
i'm trying to take his side like when your fourth look
i'm probably a lot closer in in ways is acting like that
father than like the kid
like Zach rather than Isaac
Right
But I'm trying to when you're a 14 year old kid
He's dealing with it
His dad's driving him off the wall
It's the first adult to say you know what
You're doing her right there Isaac
There was a certain tone though in your voice about
Hey Isaac you know we can talk this out at six
Flags meet me
Smell it was like a weird kind of
You gotta turn to the tables there
You did now all of a sudden I'm on the defensive
Offensive go ahead Mike. I mean, that's Tom's job. How are you sir?
caller. Yes
Hi, this is John Lee from act in Massachusetts from where?
Act in Massachusetts
How are you tonight? I'm good. I have a question for Zach
No, tear it well, you know, they're kind of random questions, but I just I feel like I you know a lot about a person
Just buy a random question. Um
well, first of all
How many karaoke experiences have you had for being karaoke for or yep next question
What but there's more to do more to the question, okay?
What was it the strangest karaoke experience?
There were no Japanese people there
And I was and I was in Tokyo
All right. That sounds pretty good Jimmy. All right. The second question is, um, pop
tarts are toast to pseudo, neither. Good man. I like it. Anything else? No, that's,
that's about it. All right. Thank you for that. Good luck with your acting classes.
Have, I'm you. You're on the air. Hey, Tom. How you doing? It's trembling. Eagle. How
How are you tonight?
Look, good.
How are you doing?
This guy's a regular caller.
Look, it's CB.
We don't see B.
The show is, the show is simulcast over.
It's on channel 17, the one seven.
Okay.
How are you doing?
Trembling Eagle.
I'm doing well, sir.
I got something for Mr. Gallop and Akker.
Let me just explain who Trembling Eagle is.
This guy calls up.
This is what this guy, he insults me every, he puts a thing up on my website, he's like
Like telling me basically that I have to start exercising and that like I'll start
weightlifting.
Yeah, I get that a lot.
Like trying to encourage me to start weightlifting.
I didn't say you look like already laying though.
That's true.
I said he looked like a refreshed already lady.
And healthy he said also.
But you're telling me basically, you basically said you're a fat blob, Tom.
It's time for you to start exercising and weightlifting.
And he wanted me to join the, these are his words, not mine, iron brotherhood of weight
lefting of the weightlifting community Tom you you're a sensitive creative soul
and one day you'll you'll understand I'm trying to get to here but I'll say this
again I've yet to see the picture of you where's where are these trembling eagle
photos so I can scrutinize your appearance Tom it's a mission not a
competition. Weird adjectives before Eagle for a guy. Exactly. Yeah. Eagle I
understand. But hey Eagle. Yes. What do you bench? Oh it's not about what I
can bench. It's about what you can bench. So that means I can bench my weight one
20 but I've said to you before it's not a mission it's a what is it it's not a
competition it's a mission yeah but that's not you you're not answering my
question I said where is the photo I didn't say is it a mission or a
competition I said where's the photo see Tom it's not about lifting more than me
or it's not me lifting more than you right it's me lifting more than me no
if you live in more than you know you're just trying to you just will not admit
that you were kind of rude
how so did we read my post it was not rude kind of rude kind of and you won't
back it up you won't put your money where your mouth is
send me the photo i'm not going to post it online send me a photo
these are worldly things but i i don't know maybe i didn't make myself
play i i i in the future maybe you'll understand
Oh, so I have yet to attain the wisdom of a trembling eagle is what you're saying
Yeah, how old are you again young man? I
Grew up in the eighties. Well, can you not answer one question everything is yeah? What are you the mr. Mixle plicks?
Everything or however you say that
answer a question with a question
how old are you
i'd rather not
if you look at it
i say
well why would you send me a picture it's a com it's a mission not a competition
how old are you
i'd grow up let's just let's just say i grew up in these you can't answer one
question
well time you know you don't talk about your personal life too much on the radio
There I'm here for three hours every week you troll. That's crazy. I've listened all year. Heave ho
Eve ho
What does that guy get off? I don't talk about my personal life down here work in every week?
Trembling Eagle and if you're right trembling Eagle. That's the dumbest name I've ever heard because it's like it's like a mighty
He's like the one scared eagle in the in the nest but his group is not what is his group called the iron brotherhood
Yeah, it's a juxtaposition, isn't it?
Is that the right word?
It's like a vaguely Aryan feel to it, the Iron Brotherhood.
As long as they're vaguely.
We're joined in the studio by Zach Alphanakis.
Hey, Tom, listen to T.
Thank God you called seriously.
You hear these calls?
mike
a mike
you know that p that uh...
piece of paper next to the uh...
phone that says who's banned
put down trembling eagles six month and
who
he's not allowed to call
well
well i don't know about that well i do know about you're not here every week
Yeah, you don't you don't get to hear this guy every week. Thank you.
So I wanted to say Jeffers morning to Mr. Galifianakis.
Jeffers morning. We got Jeffers morning.
We we were lucky enough to call Tom goes to the mayor.
Yeah. Yeah. No, it's it's it all has to do with the the cult.
though we were we were lucky enough to see uh...
vision is uh...
home to show that that that is at the arc light
and uh... i just want to say i i really enjoyed your performance thank you
very much
that's very welcome
uh... you are you from l.a.
yeah
yeah
oh what part
uh... i live in highland park
oh highland park that's nice area
yeah it's it's a i think it they call it a transitional
uh... neighborhood
it is
i was assuming that that's a nice neighborhood is not nice
it was not like hankock park i mean that's the difference yeah yeah hankock
park
i guess here parking assume that it's nice
yeah yeah no if this is the it's a it's it's it's between eagle rock and
pathedina
it's a it's a nice area you know what a lot of good
taco trucks what do you do in los angeles
uh... i work
uh... in television
i work for uh... uh... entertainment news program
uh...
the entertainment news program i would say
all in the art
off i wish
no i work uh... i work uh... uh... it's initial that are a
t
yes that is correct
hey what's the deal with uh... that
uh... who's the host of the t
very hard
Uh, uh, is she, is she, uh, that excitable in real life?
She is, she's very perky.
Uh, she's very enthusiastic and, uh, very, uh, very well put together for a woman
of a certain age.
Well, I mean, it's amazing how excited she is about everything.
Yeah.
Well, she's very enthusiastic.
That's how she's managed to, uh, stay on the air for 26 years now.
but off-air she liked that
well we were not really allowed to get near
well that's not true she's uh... she's
uh... she's very nice uh... i've met her a couple times and and
she's a very nice person
would she be uh... would she be
put off by uh...
something if he says something weird or would she just laugh or
uh... i don't know i i i think she would uh... she's
fairly uh...
i think she's a fairly conservative person in in her
in her uh... you know regular existence off-camera i think she's uh...
she's fairly stayed
i just feel like maybe she goes at home and looks at herself the mirror and
just
i don't i don't think she's
she's not uh... you know
she's not ryan c-crest or anything
uh... the crest
like that though
who's interviewing who here
i had a lot of very hard
yeah i i had a question for you uh... a little while ago you had a uh...
you're giving away a piano
it was
yeah uh... you know friend of mine actually had contacted you about picking
it up and then i guess somebody else
snaked it before he could get it cuz uh...
i i guess on craigslist uh...
i didn't know that uh... my name was
revealed
but uh... yet well he he only he only
uh... it was it was it was revealed to me because i guess uh...
he was asking whether it was a serious he thought it was a serious offer and i
said well i you know he's a piano player so i'm sure it's
in good repair it wasn't uh...
you know wasn't some fly-by-night free piano and craigslist so yeah i think this
was I got turned off when the guy goes are you gonna do some jokes before you
hand it off for free piano it's amazing when you list something on Craigslist
for free yeah if you're ever lonely mm-hmm just listen on Craigslist list for
free and you will get so many people did just a lovely stuff and then I had a
couple people come by and they didn't like it
and we chatted it's very it's a very good social networking thing
offering free stuff on craigslist stuff i think a piano people was a nice
pianos of that right and uh...
i bought it at the salvation or anything i could sell it so i
i'd give it away
i was i was kind of looking forward to helping him uh...
movie we were gonna
go over there and then he called me back and he said dot somebody else got it
Yes, I'm guys from Venice Beach came that I'm pretty sure were what's how is there another word more
More serious than homeless
They they seemed more
To the left they look they were to the left of homeless flake in the gym. I think yeah
I had a nice gentleman, but I could tell they were scoping my house out, too.
Do you lock your doors?
They kind of came in and looked at my kitchen.
My piano is far from my kitchen.
Do you have anything else?
Were they planning to live in the piano?
I think that was their plan is to live in the piano and then do a sequel to Mulan Rouge.
Oh, I don't know what that means.
Listen, R.T., you've helped to write the ship here.
Oh, well, thank you very much, Tom,
and continue the good work, Mr. Galfanakis, rock on.
Thank you, listen R.T., two good calls.
Yes, out of 45.
Is that Galfanakis?
You ready for me, leave?
No, no, no.
Oh my god, now.
What's the piano?
What's the path stop?
24-7, that path.
Sorry.
You wanted me to say 10-20.
You've got to get out of here.
The piano.
Yeah.
Good movie.
Oh, Craigslist.
Yes.
Used to be a mainstay of your acting.
Zach Galfianakis did not take the stage without a piano,
but now not anymore though.
Well, when I first started, I didn't have a piano
and then I started playing it
and then it became a little bit too limiting.
And you know, if there's one there, I'll play it,
but it was too droll, it's too one note.
Okay.
And I don't know how to play the piano,
so I wish I could play it better
that I did, so, was that?
No, that was good.
So you're kind of cracking it open.
Yeah, I mean, if there was a harp on the stage,
I would play a harp.
It's nobody has a harp on the stage.
No.
Was it a good thing for when you were starting out
of like, you could almost like,
kind of like, it was like a shield almost in a way,
like you could almost have hide behind it?
Yeah, I think so.
I think it became a crutch too.
it became this, you know, excuse in a weird way, it did, to be quite honest.
Yeah.
Did it kind of let you off the hook a little bit?
I think the, I think when you play melancholy music under anything, it adds to what you're
saying, yes.
So now you paint this, you have to set the tone now with just the words and the physicality.
I'm more into physical humor, to be quite honest.
Subtle physical humor.
Yeah.
I mean, you're saying in a way, you'll explode on stage.
I think you're not you're not going around doing like a goose stepping across the stage for people who don't know I get the wrong idea
like
Zach's doing this thing
It's not isn't he's not doing like Jim Carrey routines on stage if there was a banana pill though on stage
I I would
Actually, I have put a banana pill in stage and and ignored it for 45 minutes, and then slipped on it
Mm-hmm
Now did you find which I
Looking at banana peels. I would think that that almost might they almost might
Kind of safeguard against someone slipping. They actually seem to have more traction in a way
It depends on how the banana banana peel is facing Tom
Did you just have to catch it at the right or wrong angle if the outer shell shell is on the?
facing the wood floor then you're not going to get as much purchase but if the
if the slick part of the net when you peel it yes it actually does make you
slip okay so it's a it's a tried-and-true thing okay if an anvil actually hits
you it does it does hurt sure okay but it's about that's my next that would be
my next thing on stages an anvil coming down yeah great and then I actually die
yeah yeah went to the show and he stayed on his comic he died an anvil
that would be funny well what if you actually brought an anvil on stage and
actually kind of did some metal work on stage instead of the piano like literally
like a hammer and it's kind of working to make a nice piece of jewelry at the end
of the show either that or eat a banana on top of it on the anvil get rid of the
appeal. People think I'm gonna fall and then Coyote hands me a bomb. I think an
anvil would be so great if you decided to bring that on tour with you just
seeing. Just like caves in the states and everything. Just explaining that yes and
I work with a an eleven hundred pound anvil. What are anvils? Are they
there are blacksmiths. Yes. People are hitting things on top and anvil. But are they also
used as anchors and boats? That's an anchor. I mean an anvil is an anchor. I mean there
might be different shaped anchors. I think there's an anchor called an anvil. Okay.
Okay, fair enough.
Mike says no.
Well, I don't appreciate him not looking it up.
Yeah.
Mike just went from his own pool of knowledge for that, and he's not smart.
That is the one thing about him.
I'm telling you.
I'm just kidding, Mike.
Oh, okay.
He's really not smart.
He's really not smart.
I'm telling you.
I got to get, first of all, I got to get him out of here.
And then I have to get out of here. Who's gonna replace you? I don't care. Who's gonna place Mike
Mike is weirdly irreplaceable. Catherine Zeta Jones would be good. I
Sound like every executive in Hollywood Catherine Zeta Jones would be good
So this is so you you and stand up you have been focusing more in 2008 or so on your on your
acting career the acting focusing on you're doing it more yeah you've not
taken to the stage as frequently as you have in past years no no now is that
something you do you are you missing it I miss stand up I miss the freedom of it
but I just you know I like to I I like to be all over the place so
So, whatever the job comes up, I just, and I will say, okay, let's try to do this.
I have a movie coming out with talking <E.D.> pigs.
I don't know if I was talking about this last time, but-
No, no, this is a new exciting information.
Jerry Bruckheimer movie.
It's called G-Force.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kids movie, which is good.
in 3-D, which stands for,
the T stands for, Mike.
Mike, will you look up?
And it's three dash D,
three dimensional, dimensional movie.
And, you know, so.
Now this is gonna be your top lining this one.
What's that mean?
Your name's at the top of the poster on this.
I'm the main live action.
I think I am unless they gracefully change their mind.
But the voices on the beginning pigs
are like Nicholas Cage and Penelope Cruz.
And it's one of the most anticipated talking
getting pig movies of last year.
But this is like PG.
This is family friendly.
I hope it is.
I, I, I, I would like to, uh, yeah, I, I, I think that that, uh,
crudeness is run. It's a course. Not that that's why, uh,
took the job. I took the job because I was,
can you say that, uh, you were on this air, uh, smoking something?
And then went in auditioned and your flip flops, and they realized you're the
leads and you woke up and you said yes well I say yes everything you know I
mean I there are a couple things I've said no to but talking any pig movie
not one of them I would say yes to everything if I was offering anything I
just say yes and I say what is it that's that's basically what I do oh it's a
Costco commercial in Thailand? Okay, advertising a gay bar in Costco? Done.
You know, like on Happy Days everyone left, like everyone left Happy Days. And
like there was a point where like Ralph Mouthe was like, I did what I had to do
here, I'm done. And then but just like like Henry Winkler, they could not, like
he would do that thing as long, he would still be doing Happy Days if it was
still on the air. That's what I would be. That's what I am to
whatever I'm doing. You tell me when we're done and then I'll
leave also. You think you really? Yes. No, I think you would get
bored. I'll stay the end. I always I've always wanted to run
into Henry Winkler in Los Angeles. And my fantasy is is that he's
still wearing that leather jacket and trying to capitalize on the
fonts and only hangs out where they're jukeboxes. That to me would be the best if you were that
comfortable with yourself and knew that you're <E.D.> with people. I'm going to hang out
with this bar in Echo Park because there's a jukebox I wore in my leather jacket because
people know me as it is. So he would roll up in a motorcycle. Exactly. That he can barely control.
Yeah, he's a nice man. I met him. I met him at a football game. Oh, this best summer. Very nice.
Are you going to say anything? I'm just letting it breathe. We're here with Zach Alphanakis.
Coming up later in the show, we're going to debut a new segment. It's called match wits with Mike.
hmm let's go to the phones now for a few calls now fm you you're on the air
hello Tom and Zach who's this is Corey I had a question for Zach where you
calling from Corey I'm from San Francisco all right how's that going for
you it's cold pretty cold how's it over there a little chilly yeah I was
it's probably called it and that it's going to be
that you are my favorite comedian and it's a honor to talk to you
mark twain once said
the coldest winter i ever spent
was summer in san francisco that's right
better than that
better than his cash is played
but what uh... what is mark twain uh...
dearest record
that's right
samuel clemence and you know what mark twain means
it's a it's a growing yes it's a rowing measurement said
Corey. Well, 20 for a second. Yeah, go on. I'll match you on. Do you guys go on? I
think you literally I cash out at that thing. That's where I'm done. You know, well, I will
say his his granddaughter is one of my his one of my favorite writers writers. Yeah, I mean,
songwriters
yeah should i have
okay go ahead korri
all uh... you're my favorite comedian that is on our talk to you
thank you you you've already read that
house tom you're my favorite d.J.
is an honor to talk to you
uh... thank you i appreciate that
no problem i was wondering if you really had to learn how to ski in the
movie ski school and i'll take my and throughout the air thank you very much
uh... no i did not have to learn how to ski in ski school cuz it was not that
movie
i was that i think i think he's talking about a movie called uh...
into the what i mean uh... out cold
uh...
no i i was a snowboarding movie
this is one thing that gets me about this
you do a movie out cold
is not going to be etched on your tombstone.
But you can answer that.
But you know what?
You did it.
It was a job.
Yeah.
You took it.
But there's these people who think they somehow
have moral high ground on you because you did out cold.
Like all of a sudden, it's like, I
know how to put this guy in his place.
Watch this.
Out cold.
What are you going to say about that?
Yeah, all of a sudden, you're now like, you now have to go,
you're right, you're better than I am.
Just because you spent six weeks or whatever on a movie set
where you got treated great and drew a paycheck.
Yeah, it was three months, Tom.
It took a long time to do that movie.
Yeah, you just take jobs and you hope they pan out.
And sometimes they are elite movies with lead majors.
It has still burning facility.
And sometimes they're higher brow stuff.
I wish I could be a fancy actor.
I wish I could be a
Mark Ruffalo.
Yeah, I wish it could be somebody like that.
But the guy got all the, you know,
he was taken seriously.
I mean, he probably auditioned for Outcall
to be quite honest with him.
But I know that a lot of people did that I won't name names
that audition for that movie, that are now.
Now what?
Serious actors.
Who auditioned for Outcall?
Emily Watson.
I'm just kidding.
heh heh heh heh heh, maybe she did. Who knows. WFMU. You're on the air. Hey Tom. Hey who's
this? Adam Connecticut. How are you Adam? Where are you calling from? What was that?
Oh, I thought that was your last name. Sorry Adam. You want my real last name? No. Oh no.
Bologna, Adam, and what question was you have a rancher, a farm, and I don't know
if I read or heard that you were going to have a New Year's Eve party.
Make it into a, what year's Eve party?
Make it into a, uh, writer's retreat, is that what you said?
Yeah, that's...
Yeah, I think that's the goal. I mean, yeah, it takes a lot of time, but yes, I have said that and I want that to be the case.
Oh, okay.
And we built our first structure this summer, probably for our first writer to come and hang out and do chores and get away. Yes.
Awesome. And also, um, said Mark Ruffalo. You know, um, Joaquin Phoenix City is going to retire.
Another big actor that let's say you.
Yeah, I mean, I can't believe the world hasn't stopped. I love when actors say that the good works.
Yeah, I'm done.
Okay.
What?
Let me call my family.
like please no like like some campaign is going to start up on it but in his
defense but yeah okay good good I don't blame him because it's a I would
imagine being at that tier would be stressful and I have this friend Edwin
who's always like whatever happened to that actor like well maybe they just got
smart and decided to get out of business
it's you know it's a it's it's hard
it's a it's a difficult
not acting is not but just uh...
people's expectations are hard
so he's like whatever happened to jane zmore
i don't know if he's ever said that but
uh... well maybe they just uh...
they decided to do something else with their lives
thank you nathan
and i'm sorry
he's so great if it's less than you say to your son every night
thank you nathan
it's hard to
it's at him
he um...
i thought of it because he said his name was adam can etiquette
and i kept thinking of like nathan detroit like uh... from what guys and
all
well why did he say it all he was i think he said he was adam from
Connecticut or he did say that but then he said it like Adam Connecticut as if
that was his name. I filled in my own little blanks there on that. That artist
you're your place in North Carolina it was a showcase for people who watch
music videos that's where you did your Kanye West video right that was you
driving your tractor around. That's right. Yes. With Will Oldham who is a
wonderful singer who happened to be visiting me and when he got there was
like we're doing a Kanye West video. Do you mind being in it? Mm-hmm. And that's how he
made it. So that was you just kind of horsing around for the day. I think it
took two days okay yeah just horsing around obviously and where where did
the what how did that come about for people interested in that kind of us
saw me perform in Los Angeles and even though I went on a diet tribe about
ego maniacs he stole he stole a news in the audience he came to me and said hey
we do a music video for me because he had seen this other thing I'd done and I said
I will as long as you don't tell me what to do and I flew to North Carolina the
next day because that's where I was going and that just I just shot it so
happened. Did you ever get the response on it? I come I did I called him I emailed
it to him the file and it was an awkward conversation and then I said
something off color hoping to make him laugh and then and then he said it's the
best music video I've ever done I said you're not in the video but he was very
pleasant he was he was very nice I think you know that's just all I put on all
that stuff he does I would imagine but then I haven't talked to him since but
you being an ego like you was saying about him being an ego maniac it's like
like from the stage. He almost gets to, he almost gets to like out ego you
railing against it by hiring you in a weird way. He's like like I'm in control
here like just to show. Well good point good point I mean like he's like this
guy's this guy's ripping on me I'm gonna show him by hiring him and then he'll
say well was it ripping on him in directly I was ripping on a kind of what
I talked about before about the the social disease that we've all grasped
onto as being okay about these mostly male guys being hey I'm number one and
all that stuff that's kind of what I was saying but I think he had I think he
he came with the intent to ask me to do his music video in no matter so he was
already he was already up to speed I think so
very very very nice man to say very calm if I'm you you're on the air
hi calm hi Zach hi who's this is Lori again from Miami Miami how are you well
I already said
You're that's right. You're tired. You called a couple hours ago. Yeah, I had to call back because
This is something I've always wanted to know
And you guys kind of set it up for me, but I I've always wanted to know what what's the old I'm like
What I'm sorry, what's who's like?
Well, I will order my outfit
happened. Will is the best houseguests I've ever had, I will say that. And one of the funniest
people I know. Okay. Very, very, very, very funny. That was going to be my follow up question.
How many berries there were going to be? Exactly. He's a very, very nice man. People, I think
Some people perceive him as a stranger, and I wouldn't disagree with that, but...
And terrifying?
Yeah, but he's a gentleman. He really is. He's a sweet human being.
And I have a very fond place for him, and he's probably going to be in my house for my New Year's party.
Tom, if you know that, and the woman from Miami, you want to know?
I'm just going to be...
Wait, am I invited?
Well, you know, it's tempting because there will be nothing, but
What's that term that frat guys use sausage festival? Yeah, it will be one of those
He'll be a
Hot dog carnival if it's a there's any consolation or I'll be drunk on moonshine. Yep
If that kind of tips things the other way. Okay, you guys have fun. Thank you already are. Thank you, Lori
Hey Tom, I can leave. Just seriously, just tell me when I'm having a good time.
Oh, good. Well, stay. It's like half hour.
Okay.
Well, look, if you want to go, you can go.
What time does the path stop?
It's 24 hours.
Okay.
I don't know. FMU, you're on the air.
Hello?
Hello.
Hi. This is Matthew from Calgary.
How are you, Matthew?
Good. How are you?
No, no, nothing like that. I wanted to apologize, actually, for that guy from Ottawa. I don't know what that word is at all, either.
It has something to do with a bathroom. We just call them bathrooms in Canada.
Or washrooms.
Or washrooms, that is all, yeah. I actually had a question for Zach.
Yes.
Hi Zach, how are you?
Hi.
It was a huge fan. It was really nice to talk to you.
Thank you.
We were just wondering actually what your favorite Christmas memory was.
It's really cold here in Edmonton and we're getting ready for Christmas
and we were wondering what your favorite Christmas memory was.
I thought you were in Calgary?
Yeah, I'm originally from Calgary.
I go to school actually up in Edmonton.
Oh, you got that University of Alberta?
Yes, I sure do, yeah.
I'm very familiar with that school.
Oh, really?
Yes.
I have been to Edmonton at least five times.
Wow, that's quite a lot.
It's not a lot here, is there?
What is the name of the popular street there?
The street, everybody hangs out on the...
Oh, it's called White House?
Yeah, White House, right.
Yeah, yes.
My favorite Christmas memory is, oh god,
I guess everybody should have one of those, right?
Mm-hmm. I don't I can't I can't recall one right off off on top of my head
Mm-hmm. I
Don't know. I mean, I'm sure there is one
How about that you remember get it what would you specifically is there any gift that you got the dude that meant a ton to you?
That you got
Well
My dad was always one of these knock-off brand guys
You know, I think BMX was the big, uh, bike gift back when I was, and we were my brother
and I was like, maybe we're gonna need a bike, we might get a bike, and by the way it'd be
a bike that we share.
Yeah.
And I remember, I remember being savvy enough to know what was called a CPX and not a BMX
that my dad had bought it probably had a food lion.
Or grocery store instead of a sporty good job.
You know, sometimes you'll get it like a place
that doesn't necessarily sell bikes,
but they have them out front.
But Christmas is at my house, they're very warm,
they're very, oh, last year, I will say this.
What's his name, Nathan?
From Connecticut?
No, it's Matthew.
Matthew, sorry, Matthew.
I actually flew Christmas Day last year from Edmonton to be with my family and I told
them that I was going to be there and I surprised them and walked in and my father cries a
lot and I really just did it to make him cry because he's so emotional and he and my
my brother is forty both were bawling when i walk
walk into the living room just to tie in the old
edminton thing
but that's true they're very emotional people and eight they both
uh... cried as if uh...
they were re-reuniting or with the relative of the sally jesse rafiel show
well i'm sure they were really happy to see you
uh... well i don't know if that was the case but they know that i'm very
gifts
thanks for the call
Another good call, that's a strong call.
There was, that was a good call.
My girlfriend is from Edmonton, I forgot to tell him.
Now you are, your dad's emotional,
are you an emotional guy, are you an easy crier?
You know, I do get emotional and I like emotion
and we're Greek, well half of me is Greek,
but my dad is full Greek and I think I try to balance it
in my family because they will cry over everything.
happy or sad and I'm the one that rolls my eyes at it and but I remember
giving a toast at my sister's wedding and I couldn't stop I got jumped up like
really bad but everybody thought I was faking it and they started laughing
uh-huh but inside I was yeah you know I guess being a comic everybody thinks oh
he's just joking yeah they're waiting it's hard to be sincere you know what I
Yeah, but my family my dad
My dad I was just telling somebody this today that my father I flew him to
He hadn't been to Greece since it was three. Mm-hmm, and I was working in in London and now
After he went to Greece with my mom
He had come back to London to spend some time with me and
I said about video camera hit in camera. Mm-hmm on the mantle in my apartment
And to ask him about Greece and his feelings and he cried 17 times in an hour
Talking about Greece. Yeah. He's a very emotional beautiful beautiful man. Mm-hmm unlike
Zach and Isaac if you remember that call. Oh, don't worry. I don't think I forgot that family
Now you do you find yourself getting emotional over weird things
They're like the little things catch you that you don't think are gonna make you get choked up and all of a sudden you find yourself
Is there anything like that you can think of there's an Elton John song
That I must say that I cannot I cannot listen to or barely talk about without crying. What song's that candle in the wind? No
Philadelphia
No, there's this old song he had called
Rocketman
Actually, I love that song too, but he had a song called The Greatest Discovery
Uh-huh, and it's written through the eyes of a two or three-year-old boy
Okay, about the birth of a child. Uh-huh, and it is I cannot listen to it without Walling. Hey Mike
What albums that on I don't know it's just called the greatest discovery. It's all on
He did it live at the Australia thing and he also did it, you know in the 70s
can you look for the greatest discovery Mike I'm not gonna I will leave now don't
do that I don't do that I don't do that to people it's a friendly show it's fun
but Mike get ready for match wits with Mike the inaugural edition of that FM
you you're on the air hello hello hey Zach and Tom how you guys doing good
In that order
First of all, I want to say it's really an honor to speak to you guys especially you Zach
I'm a following you for a long time. I'm really just admiring
Why did you have this single hit like especially well listen? I mean the you can't that's the guy's heart
Fair enough fair enough. I
Have enough questions for a take up the rest of your show, but I'll just ask a couple of them
If you allow me to the first one what part of the south of you from I'm in class here
right now, but I've lived all over.
First question, again, if there's going to be a string of them, but first question would be,
do you see, is that, do you look at any other comedians and do you see yourself in any others?
I mean, you seem to have a different style.
It's not similar to a lot of your typical touring comedians, and I guess who you might
compare yourself to and I don't know do you think you're influencing other
comedians right now um I don't know I mean there's a lot of comics that I
wish I could be and wish that I could write like them okay a young Zach
alphanicus in North Carolina what is he listening what is he watching that's
making him laugh. You talking to me? Yeah. A young Zechon? Yeah. Oh, oh, oh, I see.
Um, uh, mixture of things, um, Benny Hill. Uh, just because my dad would just be laughing
so hard. Uh, we watched a lot of all in the family. Okay. Um, a lot of, uh, meathead. Yeah,
Meathead was part of that show. Good Tom. What are you the guy that the guy
that just says random things from the topics we're talking about?
Armchair. Yes armchair. But a lot of them my influence back then was my
cousins and my brother and their cruel humor. But as far as people that Steve
Martin a Steve Martin. Yeah, I like Steve Martin a lot. I like to build Murray
but I think more contemporary guys I I
Remember listening to Mitch Hedberg and thinking all that guy's doing
Cheap version of what you do
Yeah, that's exactly what I was gonna say. No, I think Mitch Mitch was the forefront of a lot of ripping you off
and then I watched a lot of Johnny Carson actually got thought he was really
really funny early early David Letterman and that's it I guess there's other
people Eddie Murphy cool there's any chance and I've heard that you say
that you may not like to record as much and not you know I actually own live
with the purple onion but any chance of recording a CD down the line a CD is
opposed to a DVD? Yes either one I guess. I'm gonna do another DVD with
hopefully with the guys from the Tim and Eric show. They're gonna produce it. I
don't think they're gonna be in it but they have an idea to do a probably some
of my least attractive jokes at a county commissioners meeting in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
So that will probably be my next DVD.
I'd like to be this.
Where are you, Commissioner of Intulsor, or can you run for office?
Because we would love to have you there.
I can be flexible.
Okay, good.
Good.
Politics runs in the family.
It does.
Yes.
Yes.
My cousin, my uncle was a congressman.
In North Carolina.
Raining its Jesse Holmes for Senate.
Yes.
My family is the college family.
what you think about this guy
he's a good cut solid car was a good guy but i don't know what the politics
runs in his family
you're your uncle
my uncle yes
my goal is uh... was a congressman yes
and then he ran he ran against jesse helms
a right against jesse helms and lost uh... was winning
uh... but lost
unfortunately yes and then later later i met jesse helms
i was very odd
I just went to my close birthday party this summer and very, very hilarious man who still gives his campaign speeches and had family weddings.
If I can jump in one more time, I know that you were part of the Largo movie that was made and I've kind of watched that from afar. Is there any chance of that getting released?
I think that'll be be able you'll be able to get that in the next year somewhere. Yes
Well, I appreciate the time guys and hopefully I'll see you soon down in Florida Zach. Hey, thank you so much very polite
Yeah, nice guy very nice guy like that lightness is
Yes lost art
The warmth underneath the the Zach alphanicus that's coming out tonight people are seeing the the person
And the guy who rolls his eyes isn't happy with anything.
They're seeing the warm guy.
The guy who loves his family.
I think edginess is the new happiness.
So I'm not going to be edginess anymore.
Okay.
Good.
I think it's time.
Oh, good.
Oh, good.
Oh, look, you did the family movie.
I think it's great.
I'm not selling out because of that.
You're trying to say that I'm trying to change my persona because no a family move. I think you're showing different sides of who you are
I think it's you're I think it's important to evolve. I think you are a you are a multi-dimensional person the word
Person person. Yeah, but you're you have a there are a lot of facets to who you are and you're showing different
Fasts now. You're not just being the you're not just too cool for school people are complicated
Yes, and I think it's part a guy like you said you're you're evolving. Yes. It's I think it's great
And I'm you're evolving right into like my next movie daddy day care eight
Coming in for the the mike right now
Come on Mike
Mike, you've lost weight.
Has he lost weight?
Maybe your shirt's tucked in.
Okay.
You want to go on Mike 4?
The final one there on the end, yeah.
There's a new segment called
Match With Mike.
Now, as you know, Mike is the associate producer of the program.
He's been here for over two years now, Mike.
It's coming up on three or is it over three?
Wow.
How about that?
We're trying to expand Mike's role on the program.
I thought you wanted to fire him.
He's in the room now.
Well, he could hear you in the air.
I have his headphone out of audition.
He can't hear me.
So Mike would you let's the match with Mike is Mike is going to ask a series of
questions not unlike James Lipton at the end of he's only going to ask
questions he's gonna ask you questions no not me questions or us he I know I'm
picking myself on this we'll go ahead let's start Mike first off I want to I
want to just want to say it's an honor to debut this segment with you Zach I'm
I'm a big fan.
Thanks, Mike.
Thanks, Mike.
Sorry I'm not facing that.
Maybe it's better that way.
First question after you mentioned the vice presidential trivia,
I thought I'd throw one of those in the mix.
What vice president was indicted for murder while in office?
Melon Albright.
Is this a multiple choice?
I can give you some choices.
What would be the correct answer?
Yes, John C. Calhoun, Spiro T. Agnew, Aaron Burr, Richard M. Nixon, Dan Quill.
Calhoun.
Or Burrow.
Aaron Burr.
Or Burr.
Yeah, not Burrow Burr.
He shot not Hamilton in that duel.
Yeah, not Agnew.
And the other Greek disappointment.
Okay.
Question two.
Question two.
In Match What's With Mike.
In the movie Theater of Blood, Vincent Price exacts his revenge on a critic by baking what animal in a pie?
A parrot? A cat? A poodle? A hamster? Or a rabbit?
Any idea? Name those animals again?
Which one of those animals is a parrot?
homophobic. A cat. A poodle. A hamster and a rabbit. I'll say rabbit. No, I don't
rap it. Well, because it would be rabbit pie. That might actually be pretty good for
somebody. Oh, I only thought Mike was saying rabbit because of the federal
attraction movie. Is it rabbit? No, the answer is a little poodle. All right.
I didn't want to since I got the first question right. I didn't want to question three the blood oath in the in the mafia is also known as
Cozenostra, Omerta, Brijol, Pasta Fazul, none of the above
is he the cousin of track what was the cousin of how do you say that
goes in austral or not the above
America
means that
what is it Mike
none of the above
I can't match with my
most disappointing day in my life
Next question.
If a large blood vessel is cut, how long does it take to bleed to death?
One minute or less, five minutes, fifteen minutes, a half hour, an hour.
A major blood vessel?
Yeah, a large blood vessel.
Yes.
Yes.
A large one.
Let's see.
Let's see.
I just committed suicide.
I tried to commit suicide to twice.
Carry the two.
Tom?
I'm going to say the second one.
Five minutes?
Yeah.
Now, what's the answer?
I'm going to say it's at least 30 minutes.
Okay.
I mean, if you can, I would imagine that most people can hold whatever they've been cut
and...
All right, well, Mike actually it's a one minute or less. Wow
Good heavens
Okay, well you and I come from different big blood vessels. Yes
Next question
What weapon do I keep under my bed for personal protection a gun a knife a
baseball bat a
hammer all of the above say hammer
You didn't say iPhone, right?
No.
I'm going to say Hammer seems right.
Yes, it is.
Hey, there's Hammer.
For that reason, for personal protection?
No, I think a Hammer, baseball, if that's good, but a Hammer is actually better when you get
the guy in a corner.
You know, it's a little, because you want to hang a picture frame on them.
You're just saying it's like shorter, shorter strokes.
Yeah, you're not worried about hitting a battle off the wall or something.
All right, next question.
All right, these are more open-ended questions that no multiple choice.
When you're having trouble falling asleep, what do you do?
Oh, uh, um, I will read my bio or no, uh, what I do if I have trouble falling asleep,
uh, we'll take a, uh, what are those things called?
They're like that herbal thing that never works.
Not St. John's wort.
Oh, um, this sometimes they work if you don't take them off and they work.
I'm a bad sleeper. I usually just sit there, lay there, staring at the ceiling until my mind finally stops racing.
Kafka works also.
I just drink until I pass out.
I'm a bad sleeper. I usually just sit there, lay there, staring at the ceiling until my mind finally stops racing.
Kafka works also.
works also. I just drink until I pass out. He's not joking. He's laughing. He's not joking.
Okay. If you owed someone a lot of money and they began leaving threatening messages
on your phone. What would you do? Tom? Um, I would try I would try to straighten the
matter out as as uh, painlessly as possible.
It's the lamest thing. I'm sorry. That's what I would do. Oh, you're being truthful. Yes.
the question again please Mike if you if you owed someone a lot of money and
they began leaving threatening messages on your phone what would you do you're
gonna give an answer it's very close to mind straighten it out as painlessly as
possible I've I can you I mean ignoring it also work okay that's okay sure okay
Ignore all your problems. They go away eventually I
Don't have an answer for these. These are more like okay, all right. I'm seeking okay
Hammer also works for that you're seeking advice
With this yeah, some of these questions
Personal yeah
Which brings me to my next question if you need a lot of money fast
I mean really fast. What would you do?
Prostitution maybe borrow money from someone else the guy that owes you that you owe money to or just add a third
Party into the into the dynamic if you need a lot of money fast. What would you do? Like really fast?
He's your credit good or just one's credit good. That's gone
I think I think robbing trains I think that you could probably get away with that
I'm serious but I'm for a comeback yeah that and mooning nobody moons anymore
like a person you went out like a commuter train all right everybody this is a
robbery bow and arrow or a hammer who feel like what are we actually getting
robbed this is a real hammer next question how much money do you have on
you in your wallet right now I'm probably a hundred dollars I look I have $15,000
in my wallet cash they're all such a gooeyas said
Is that good? How do you say it? You said it, I said it, I said it to you. Is that it?
Oh, just can you give me some money? I can give you some money, yes. How much do you want?
Whatever you have. I told you, I had $15,000. Okay, that'll work.
Well, how much is the path? I know. I have figures, you know.
But I also have advertised that I have $15,000 for free on Craigslist.
I think this is the final, it was the debut and it was the opening and closing night of
match wits with Mike.
I like the segment.
Do you like it?
Well.
But it can't, it can't turn like that.
It eats up time.
Hey, I don't know if you, is it possible for you to look at the clock one more time?
Is that possible?
But it does, I'm looking because it goes by fast, so we've been here for two hours.
have fm you you're on the air
fm you you're on the air hello hello
hi there's a crystal from we're talking
how are you christopher i'm doing well how are you guys doing doing okay
yeah um i i don't mean to bring the topic back
but i i've been in this country though i grew up in new jersey i never left
america
and i'm actually going to canada for the very first time in my life
what part of canada
uh... i know it's part of kobek
and it's called the montre blonde it's some ski resort
way up in uh... kobek
zent
do you know montre bon
montre blonde it's a big uh... you know
the resort
or what do you need to know about it
well i i i heard that uh...
up there that uh... the drinking age is only eighteen
and i was wondering if that was true
it only because that i know had been
mentioning many uh... canadian you know you know i don't know you
me although i'm twenty one but okay
you know when i get up there i want to try and make my appearance
but i want to you know fine
you know i mean that they're eighteen up there and stop it
fm you're on the air
I can't find it. I'll end up what's that? I can't find it. I'll end up. Hey, Brian. How are you?
I'm doing well. I could not handle that that guy. Your face was so funny when he was that truly pains me
You were like shaking your head. Uh-huh. Yeah, I could see that. Oh, that was real. I I cannot
Even if the guy's joking about it that creeps me out some guy just going up to uh
He's gonna scam on at 18 year olds
What part of the, uh, that he's going up there to do it?
Just the sounds.
Hey, you know what?
By the way, he sounded like he was from, uh, go back himself.
Uh huh.
He said he had an accent and he said he's in the country.
How are you, Brian?
I'm doing well.
Uh, what do you have a question?
No, just let it get it.
Um, I was wondering what's going on with the convenience comedy.
I think there's a big tour coming up isn't there? Nope. Wrong again. That's not what I heard. Nope. I don't think a huge tour. Nope.
All of the ice. I heard it was all the whole lineup. Every date. Most of them in Orlando.
I know, you know, regrettably we're not a patent close shop on that, which I wish
he hadn't, but yeah, there's not gonna be any more convenience of comedy in the next
few years.
Okay.
What do you, what have you did your own thing?
What do you mean?
Like your own tour.
I've done that.
No, but like your own like like posse, like Zack and the crew or whatever, like, you
know.
Oh, that's a good idea.
company. Is that going to bring up like you on the up and coming guys? Yeah, I'm
just gonna get I'm gonna get a sit around and talk about it. You're paying off that
I've already talked about. You're paying like $50. I mean, what if you do like Chuck
Barry, you just pick up three guys in each city that you go to to be as if
like this is your gang. That's a good idea. Yeah, and it's just like, or audition
people that have never done stand up. Yeah, that's a good idea. Just in every
city it's a different threat it's uh... i know i see that i think that
fm you're on the air
uh... hi uh... i'm uh... justin from orange county i got a question for
that
how are you how are you
i'm good for you back
uh...
as if i'm going to make anything out of fumo
but just in sorry
uh... i i uh... in the purple onion uh... the live one uh... when you're
beaten that girl up
i was wondering if there were any repercussions from that
well first of all i'm not beating a girl up she's beating me up
it's a huge difference
she's laughing me
i'm not beating her up
uh... that's right okay so
i remember when i was watching i was thinking that you know
that might have hurt her or her hand the way you were making her
get you
uh...
you know i
i don't know but i made sure that it recorded it
really close to a hand hospital
in case there was any where uh... republicans
no i uh... that woman was uh... hitting me i don't would never
uh... that was really intense i remember watching it in thinking wow it's
really intense like
almost like the joke went too far
yeah i know that i think you know that that whole bit kind of failed because
that
uh... bit was
thing i used to do actually in canada while the war was going on
and i could tell that canadians hated americans i would invite
canadians on stage to hit me as hard as they can
and i got many volunteers and uh...
it
without that layer of uh...
this political thing behind it and it doesn't work it was just weird
yeah it did seem a little weird
uh... have you ever taken a joke even further than that and i regretted it
nobody have taken a call
nice
that's how it's done the call and further and you were granted thank you
that's good you know
it is the risky part of it when you bring audience into things
uh... yes i uh... i've done some
uh... i've been told to
leave because
audience members wanted to uh...
get you get me yes
uh... gang in san francisco that happened once
So what is the end game for Zac Alphanakis?
What are we working toward here?
The movies in the can, 2009 is gonna be a year
where people can see Zac Alphanakis
at their local theater.
Will there be more comedy, stand up?
Will you return to the road in 2009?
I don't know, maybe.
I don't, yeah, if I can think of some jokes.
Like a piece prize or something?
That's what you're working towards ultimate. Is that the ultimate goal? Yeah
Something really legitimate. Mm-hmm. Would you like to train you'd like to transition out of comedy like an al Franken?
Maybe run for office. No, I don't think I'd run for office, but I'd like to
you know be a
leader of a
You know a leader of a cult would be fun or maybe just own a Saturn dealership
Which I think is one in the same
the same
two final calls and then we say good night
have a year on the air
hello
how's it going
donor right uh... real fast what do you got for that right yeah i got a quick
question this is the excited canine
i just have uh... one question for that
i was on your i m b b
page on my iphone
and uh... i thought that uh... there was some oscar butt
oscar butt on the message board so i was wondering uh...
how do you see life after you when you first became a word
um...
i posted that a couple years ago
and i really i regret it
oh god
i think under the name of the buzz that i am dv
have a new year on the air the final call
hello
i have met uh... from brooklyn
i enjoy your work with tim and eric zack
the vodka thing and a snuggler
yeah
and is it true that the vodka
was actually you were given money by it is absolute to make that
yes they uh... the advertising agency from uh... sweden contact me and ask me if i
would do
an ad for them
and i
uh... said i would
uh... again as long as they told me not with uh... not
uh... to
uh... as long as i was able to do what i can do
and it's a raise yet it's on the internet
and uh... also i used to work for a community access station where we would
take commissioner meeting
in indiana
and so i love the idea of you are going up in front of the meeting but yeah i
don't know thanks i think that would be really
kind of entertaining
thanks for the call
and that
closes out tonight's uh... best shown w fm you want to thank
zach alphinakis for coming down thank you tom for having me
It was a lot of fun.
It's always fun to be here.
Thank you.
Coming up next, Evan Funk Davies.
His exciting guest is Zach Alphanakis.
It's going to be in studio for him.
They're going to be playing the greatest gift of all by Elton John
and really getting in deep analyzing the lyric by lyric.
I will stick around if that's...
Is that what the song is called?
The Greatest Gift of All?
It's called The Greatest Discovery.
greatest discovery I think. I'm trying not to pay attention to. Sorry. WFMU East
Orange. WXHD Mount Hope. Worldwide on the worldwide web at WFMU.ORG.