I hear a touchdown
what are you doing?
aaaahh
The first radio show ever
Hey who's this?
Well I am the public is GooVino Valorraine
It's, uh...
General Propaquimage
Tom.
ENozñito
Ok Tom.
It's scratches
This is Richardine Toycantan
What's your name?
holdnik
And well, what's inside the two?
Firecry.
Maurice Kurtz?
Horrifying.
Hey, Thomas Bruce.
Johnny!
Who's this?
Genji Vitis.
Yes, they have Rick Maloney at the wall.
I guess it would.
I hate you.
It's Peter.
Hey, it's Steinberg.
Mm-hmm.
You are creepy and I'm hanging upon you.
Boing.
Roger Depp.
My name is Ollie Fairnock.
I'll say it.
You'll hear it.
You'll do it.
I'll get it.
You'll learn it.
I'll live with it and you'll die without it.
Trash, there's a policy call. Good day. What's up Tom? It's Tristan. Hey, it's Michelle. Yeah, Tom. This is Jim Riffle. How you doing?
When I get to do the toilet talk now, it's the vaudeville of the new century. My name is Tom Riley. I'm calling from New Zealand. Hey, man, it's Brian.
Ted, don't stand with that. It's a tent pole. It's a tent pole show. Hey, this is Ted Lea. Whaaaaaaat? This is Pete from the Future.
Hi, Tom. It's DJ Terry Chase. Hey, from Knoxville. Supercaller. It's off the top.
My name is Mike Sajak.
Get off my phone, I don't care.
Hey, this is it, be can, man.
I'm going to go with your bed now.
Bye, man.
Hey, Tom, it's Gordon.
Hey, Gordon, how are you?
I was in a band in the early 90s, my name's Jerry Page.
Tom, my name is Jeffrey Ludell.
It's a fat, diseased, wilder, ragged neck, isn't it?
The disenfranchised have a home now.
I'm the hero of the disenfranchised.
This is the night, and the clock, yeah
We shut your mouth, cause it's time to talk, yeah
We turn into the pressure, and turn around
I'm telling you the best show, I'm telling you the best show
I'm telling you the best show, I want you to do it
I'm telling you the best show, I want you to do it
I'm telling you the best show, I'm telling you the best show
I'm telling you the best show, I'm telling you the best show
Don't you have value to the best show?
Don't you have value to the best show?
I'm telling you the best show, I'm telling you the best show
I'm telling you the best show, I'm telling you the best show
Time is running out and I can't wait I have to say this before it's too late
I want to be the one to hear you call To catch you as you tumble while you're
My balls, and when I said I lied, I looked like it's the man
But I got to go anyway, take off your fear
I don't want to fear you, I just want to do the best I can
To keep you happy and be your ever loving man
There's nothing here for us, and no place left to go
This little stream of destruction has us in its tone
But there's one thing that can make it alright
Hold it on to you in the dying light
And when I say it alone, I'll look like it's familiar
But I gotta do it anyway, I'll take it off you
And I thought this felt the wrong touch
I'm gonna make my stand
Shine the light of love
Oh my God
Never let it man
So when I tell you I'm alive
I'm gonna catch you now
And I'm gonna do it anyway
Tell you how I want to be
Oh, I wanna be
Oh, I wanna be
Ooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
What do you do with white trash and purple zest?
Get out of bed, put it in sweat, and then I'll stone you thinking of rock
You look at the sun, you look at the sun, all she's new
Look at the sun, all she's new, look at the sun, all she's new
Look at the sun, all she's new, look at the sun, all she's new
You got to stop, ride the train You got to stop, ride the train
You got to stop, ride the train You got to stop, ride the train
Sleeze out your milk on your baby's grave
What do you do when I try to break your ties, give up it
When you're sweating, you don't start your finger like
Look at the sun, look at the sun of the night
Look at the sun of the night, look at the sun of the night
Look at the sun of the night, look at the sun of the night
You gotta stop running the place
You gotta stop walking the cradle
You gotta stop running the place
You gotta stop walking the cradle
You gotta stop going over a trigger
What you got is wanted singer
Oh I always stand by you
Oh I always stand by you
I'll always stand by you
Please check the link in the description
Céca, muy for lota!
Hope to fall,
alright
Hunde-ya-sa, hunde-lo-ta,
San-mong-du-al-di-til-va-ka-me-thi,
La-dru-de-ya-var-shai,
Even when some yachts beat, they fall
Let me fall for story
I'll devour it, mister, all day
For dear, for dear
And before it's me, sakame, for did you, for the dew, samsran, for me, sore,
One day in your Lord
One day in your Lord
Go fast, shuttle, double your weapon
W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W
My show, double your <E.D.> man, if you
My show, double your <E.D.> man, if you
My show
Love you, love you, love you
Love me, love you, love you
Love me, love you
Love me, love you
Love it
Love it
Hey everybody that's right. My name is Tom Sharpling, best show on WFMU back for another
exciting Tuesday adventure. Three hours of
Mirth music in mayhem. The phone number
201-209-9368. Goodness gracious there's
two lines lit up already. That scares me
because I thought by now people knew that
the pre-topic portion of the show is a
dice roll at best, to run the gauntlet of horror. What are we looking at here, Mike?
Okay. Number one, number one's the role of dice. Number two is a continuation of
last week somebody very controversial
uh... caller last week
first let us back announce the music we heard i am uh...
some good news bad news tonight the alba box is not with us uh...
i have given uh...
him the uh... that's right the alba box is a he
given the uh... the week off
alba box is on vacation
in place of the alba box though
Even better, some might say.
That's right.
The Agnata Box.
They forced the hour in Agnata, false gug.
1967 to 1979.
Six albums, all in Swedish.
From her debut album.
Going back to 1967, that's right.
Abba was a super group.
When they formed, these people already had hits.
Agnata had hits, Ani Fried had hits, Fanny and Bjorn had hits.
From the album, entitled Agnata False Gug.
We heard, Jagvar Saskar.
Is that how you say it?
Anyone?
Crime Stick is on the chat, he's from Sweden.
Is that how you say it?
Agnieta, the best, best of the best.
Before that monkey wrench, back in business again, monkey wrench, formerly a mud honey
side project now, doing it again, Steve Turner, Mark Arm, Tim Kerr and Tom Price all back.
Fight in the good fight, the album is called Gabriel's Horn and we heard pray till you
sweat.
It's on the Birdman record label and starting us off something new and amazing from the
always amazing dirt bombs. From their new album, we have you surrounded ever-loving man.
Said it's good enough. Crime stick is in the chat. He said my Swedish pronunciation was good
enough. So I can speak to the people of Sweden. Attention people of Sweden. Oh, I'm so intrigued
by this this call on line one mike said that this is one he has no no idea what
it's going to be we must find out fm you you're on the air Tom yes hey this is
Arthur and Kentucky can you hear me okay I can and because you were calling
during the pre-topic segment of the show you know what happens that means I
get the 30 second clock. That's right. That is right. What can I do? I wanted to
call and let you know that I mailed in my pledge today. Very good. And I was very
hesitant to pledge at all because I'm kind of broke for cash right now. But
your $75 premium just really sold me so I had to do it. And so today I mailed
that in and I felt very good about that for a couple reasons because I knew I
I knew I was going to get the pack.
I knew I was doing the right thing for WFMU.
Reset the clock.
OK, you knew you were doing the right thing for WFMU?
Yes, yes.
Even though I'm out of state, I don't
get to listen to you guys on the radio.
So that extra money will not really help me in any way.
But I know you guys could use it.
So I sent that along.
But today I got home and I had a bit of internet karma
because I sent you the $75.
Yes.
I got an email today from e-Music who I had signed up with last year for a deal to get
75 free songs for a trial subscription that you can cancel immediately.
So I did so and then today I got a new email that said, come back, let her try out 75 more
songs.
So I'm getting 75 pre-songs and I think yes, it's my internet karma
I think it is five dollars. I gave you guys. Yes, 75 was in the air
Good job second my second thing is yes
I'm considering these 75 songs as part of my package
And I generally like everything you play on the show, so if you add maybe five or six
suggestions for albums for me to download for free, I would gladly hear them.
Five or six suggestions for albums for you to download.
You have to think of them all right now.
Oh, thank you.
As they come to you.
Jeez, thanks for letting me off the hook on that.
I will do it throughout the show.
Okay.
And I like everything from Jay-Z to Jay-Reat-Tard, so as wide as you want to make it.
That's not that wide.
Well, I guess it's really not.
I like everything from Abba to Zappa.
You know I always drove me nuts and people just like, I like all music.
I like it all.
You like classical? Yeah, I like some.
I like everything about rap and country.
And then, yeah, you could always find the three things that they don't like.
rap now
do i country
it is on that diverse
and what classical did they really like
something they heard in the movie
i really like the theme song to two thousand one state honestly yeah
i look into that when i'm studying
yeah that's exactly what it is these people who uh...
these people who uh...
didn't uh...
i'm sorry reading some uh... some crazy i am uh...
things that people are sending me
but um...
yeah
and these these these you know people just listening to something in the
background they don't understand classical music
they don't get it
you know is a huge classical buff
no one i know
no one
i think this next caller might know classical music
well thank you for uh... for yeah yes yes one last quick thing about that
this is going to be a little bit more internet karma uh... let you know that
jouser uh... is a guy that got me on to the show and kind of thank him
for my pledge he's a good guy he's uh... runs the uh...
a special thing comedy message board
very good guy and i got another guy that uh... pledge seventy-five almost like
jouser is responsible for that hundred fifty dollars paying it forward
just like that movie
no one get killed like that kid did in the movie
none of you people if you're going to get killed pay your pledge first
yes let that be your final act
of paying it forward
thank you i want to keep up
fm you're on the air
oh yeah tom i know classical
usually those people that say oh i like everything from abbot to Zeppelin
and i like jazz too
usually those people will say their favorite band is the Beatles
and you're like oh where did you discover them
never heard of them
they're your favorite band huh
it's true
so last one we left off all by the way out on this is michael michael came from
the cinex yes how are you doing
uh... better than i looked on
not as good as you look
i'm doing okay
but last time i went last one we last left off i made some unfunny remarks
and then i
slandered the south yeah you put that i got knocked off for uh... market
remote
yeah you you put down an entire uh... segment of the country
yeah well you know it's the lower part of the country
but uh... i got knocked off from markey roman and i don't think his book
sounds very good let me just say something
you live where
i know it's the classical james carvel quote
pit our pennsylvania is pitzburg and philadelphia and everything else in the
middle of the alabama
and i will certainly throw rural pennsylvania under the bus but pitzburg
is my home
and actually that's stolen from an older quote that i think someone said
about america is really just new york in l a and everything in between his
alabama
but i am not saying uh... pitzburg is like some cosmopolitan place but it's
my home and
it's not that it's not uh... florida
so what you're taking shots at other spots in the country i'm not that
pitzburg
that's a good you a high ground we're all
uh... it was your biggest claim to fame
i think that was about it with weird pollen the iron city house rocker
and that that's given you the right to uh... walk around like your uh...
uh... like your uh... some sort of giant
i'm not saying that that were above them or just above them just a little bit
geographically
i'm just saying that i get kind of nervous and in rural areas and and
the rural areas to me you're like a little further down in the country
i went to your fine city
it was nothing but rural areas until we showed up at it
well see that's what they said there's bitsburg in philadelphia and every
place else is
is uh... alabama so you had a lovely drive on your on
on your motor cycle you and your and jillian barberry road on a motor
cycle i think here to see the any war hall museum right that's right
still trying to get a refund from that ripoff
i know five floors of empty it's like five floors of emptiness
but that's not all of it though
five empty floors
like where's the art
or there's a silver pillow floating around here though i stole one of those
silver pillows but yes
i have it up on ebay
people can check for it
like that idea
so finish up your uh... south by south west uh... story actually that almost
seems as boring as marki remones uh... uh... book now but it was great to see
all our friends from all over the world especially from spain in
in mexico and it was fun to see kim fowlie
how often do you get to hang out with kim fowlie and share a few words with
him so that was pretty cool but here's the here's the funny part
after we saw him at the uh... at the get hit uh... showcase and stuff
the next day when we're here to your wallet was missing
your wallet was missing no
no even better we saw in the next day at the uh... at the
gale the uh... airport
and he was trying to get out of the airport so he's telling
all these people behind the counter he was flying i think that airline pan
american
he's fine pan american back to l.a.
and he's telling him american
and he's blind
so he needs special help
which would turned out to be a totally perfect idea he had this cane
and they gave him special help and they got him on a plane and
i thought it was a great idea cuz he actually he does deserve special help
just for being a celebrity
he at least got out of there we had to stay there an extra day and they canceled
our flight we had to fly home in this
little propeller plane like the spruce goose or something of fly home
but that was my best kimfali story him pretending to be blind to get special
help at the airport
but you're not be brilliant idea
you mean kimfali pulled a fast one on somebody
can you believe it
but it is a little bit
he was less than honest
it is a bit of a short the same kimfali
call pan american and report them
sure i will after i get inside my time machine
it is called pan american
uh...
you play down there
yeah
all it's always fun to play down there but you know it's like
it's not all com
there was the w f m u show that i really wanted to see half japanese but i
missed them but luckily it's up on you know i think it's up on the w f m u
website the archive so i can listen to it
but next time you have to go down there and host the
the live w f m u broadcast you would just love it tom i'll never have a million
people mauling around uh... uh... of twenty million like sort of doughy
white people mauling around one street listening to thirty bands at one time
it's amazing
i'll never go down there i know i don't think you would never you know why
harry knolls
uh... really i think i didn't see him
i didn't see him or taylor hanson we got to see kim fowlie clenberg uh... i got
see many celebrities but i didn't get to see taylor handson or harry knolls
who's taylor handson
and handson
they were unfortunately playing the same time that we were from handson they
were playing uh...
at a different place but that's the only band i really wanted to see
besides half japanese and the slits
was uh... handson
lot of overlap their
lot of cynics uh... handson overlap
they took a lot of our crowd
and they did
well what can we look forward to from the cynics in two thousand eight
well you know we're going to try to go back to europe again and get the hell out
of this ugly country
because you know how much we hate america we hate the south
we're going to try to get out of here
now i'm just kidding actually we might do something in the summer with mud
honey actually we might even play uh...
might even play in uh... in new jersey even to do some shows with mud honey in
the summer so we're looking forward to that
i look forward to it
but i'll talk to you before then
thank you so much tom you know how much i love you don't hold on before you go
uh... what lines on
so i want to talk to you if you're on the air
all right i thought you would drive in the bus i am driving the bus and i'm
telling you another passenger just got on
if you're on the air
with all due respect
i uh... yes i i i have to say that you're your caller right now raise my
dander
and uh...
i i don't know i'm not the kind to usually get threatened or like deal by
a little more people talk about where i live but
i have lived in pitchberg
and uh... i demand an apology
where do you currently live young man
i live in it when a georgia
why i was a joke that was a joke
i thought it was someone from florida i'm only joking i have nothing
no one ever said what
that that florida's part of the south it's just geographically in the south
but it's certainly i i would never say it part of the south you're both
gang enough on florida
that's what you're calling up to make it up on florida but you're going to make
to defend your your your uh... neck of the woods not to uh...
they get a tag team going against florida well if if i feel like we can
And if I can join forces with Michael, because I hold him in great respect.
But at the same time, I do feel like he is being tremendously narrow-sighted and saying
that the South is not all that.
I hate Northern purists, just plain and simple.
South is going to rise again, that's what I say.
What do you mean the South is going to rise again?
The South is already risen.
I mean, it's a great place to live.
I don't see what what there is anything that the North has over the South
Like I can't think of one thing and I lived in the North for half my life
You can't think of anything the North has over the South other than good record stores and maybe
About it. Mm-hmm tall buildings
Tall tall buildings. Yeah, the guy's scrapers
Arrow ports tornadoes we got arrow ports here. Yeah, we just got our first tornado
i don't know i could not believe that it was in my neighborhood i was that i
was in austin as well michael and uh...
i was a shock to get a text message from my wife who said oh yeah that i don't
find uh...
and i was like are you talking about you're not going to the ball party
i beg your pardon
you're not be able bob are you
uh...
announce yourself caller
uh... this is henry
yes how are you
from chunk but yes oh oh my god you're well you're one of my idols
oh my item on my cuz how many do you all do respect and I I know that we can
say things in the heat of the moment but I really really really think that
you're off base by saying the sound now I love the oil peanuts at the at the
Earl I love to go in the oil peanut to the in Atlanta yeah I mean turn up
greens and black-eyed pees and poor bread is like a city i don't know if you
like their old land or when i'm which is
excuse me when i speak of the south i don't consider atlanta
as be atlanta is like an actual city
it's an it's an urban area i've talked about i mean if you wanted to talk
about you know like louisiana i mean
you know it's like i i i don't know what about the rest of the food office
this is my show
it's uh it's still a great place thought it was i i can't think of
anything the fault
you know that that the south does not have over
anywhere like that night that you guys do that you know what it has spurred
so i think like that
you need to
sweet tea
yeah people are sweet and so is the tea that they have the sweetie there
for people who are in a rush to put sugar in your tea there for people on a
rush to get diabetes
people can't do it the old-fashioned way
me uh... accelerate the process
exactly
well i will say michael when i moved to pittsburgh in nineteen ninety the uh...
the one thing that struck me first like when i was there in in you know at the
university of pittsburgh was how
unbelievably nice people were in town so i i'm not saying anything bad about the
north or especially pittsburgh southern hospitality in pittsburgh
yeah i i totally agree and i think a lot of that is you know west virginia and
virginia you know like
concocting i think it rubbed off very positively so
now let me ask you something henry you of chunklet first of all i guess i
tip my hat to you for your involvement
in helping with the w f m u marathon and producing
the awesome uh... pat nazwalt uh... cd p thank you
thank you tom it was uh... it died i mean this
in all honesty it was an honor to be involved it's a real honor to be
involved with the show so
well it was sweet of you the thing i want to ask is
yeah how many did the uh... the whirly ball you have down there that sport
where you drive uh... bumper cars and then throw uh... highlight sticks or
something like that
do you have how many games have you played
of that against fans we we just were forty four and oh uh... we've been asked
by the people at where we ball at lana to be part of the national which i just
it almost boggles my mind that is so how
hilarious that but if you play in if you play in the nationals that means
your plan against like the k k k probably
how many times do they have a plan
how many times do they have
uh...
i have to get back to you and do they play in the ropes like the full robs
though it well you know it's like i'm sure they have like white jumpers that
they were because you know it's like wearing those big white robes in those
little bumper cars
they get caught and you know you
i don't know you could rip your robe you know do you know in all honesty now
give us a taste for those of us up north
being a resident of georgia
how many times a day do you see like k k k stuff going on
uh... well
in atlanta never i mean i live
i live in probably one of the most integrated neighborhood
in town
uh... you know it's like
it's pretty racially balanced on economically balanced okay like that as
far as
in in-pound kind of thing is it's not
you know white-red suburbia it's not the hood
uh... you know there's like that
churches and schools and
i don't know great clubs i live right near the earl so you know
and do you so you don't see that many kkk dudes uh...
like day in and day out
the the only time i even heard
of the clan in
in and around atlanta was during uh... i think it was like eighty six or eighty
When I was living in Alabama, when in Forsyth County, they were chasing all of the non-whites
out of town.
But other than that, no.
I always heard that the Klan would have their rallies at Stone Mountain, which is this big
granite outcropping outside of town, but that was a hundred years ago.
Is that like an amphitheater or something?
Is that like we're summer shows?
They do have a really great laser light show, which is...
which is
that we're going to come to town michael i'll take you to it i think there are
claptons i don't know anything about the plan but i hope you're not trying to
get me involved in any sort of sports
uh... well if i i i i would never want to do so it's probably shaking sick
sick the guys sick
a toilet mouth toilet mouth from the cynics maybe dump everybody
sick
sick well what am i running here uh... this uh... ronjeremy radio hour
No. This is a family program. Get that pre-vert calling up, running his mouth. Sick.
Five-year ban on Michael K. from the cynics. Five-year ban. You're welcome to call back in 2013.
FMU, you're on the air. Tom? Yes. It's Steve in North Hollywood. How are you?
Well, we're getting it all out of the way tonight, huh? Clear in the decks.
I really just called in to try to preamp Spike. No, I'm kidding
Okay, so you called in you were the guy who arranged the exciting interview with movie star Taylor. What's his name?
Taylor Hackford
Nate Hartley Nate Hartley. Yes, sir. The star of box office smash drill bit Taylor
drill bit Taylor in theaters now. That's correct America's number one comedy. I
Hope that right, but I don't know for sure. I haven't had time to watch TV recently
Tom, tonight I have some actual stuff to talk about.
All right.
All right.
Well, first of all, that other guy mentioned Pledge Karma, and I would like to back that
story up because I pledged some money, and the very next day, I had a check come into
me at work that was back pay for some raises I was supposed to get that was nearly 10 times
the amount of my pledge.
Really?
Very next day.
Wow.
Just like that.
See?
So what do you, you pledged $10?
No, I pledged, I pledged $150.
dollars
so i got a really nice check it helped me pay off the loans help me
take care of my car and uh...
give me a little extra something to uh... you know
build a new at net day with came back to you
it did big time
big time
other than that time i was wondering
forgive me for bringing up american idol on your show
but a really funny story of sort of emerged from the american idol trenches
uh... about this elinor rigby covered did you hear this
i heard about it
like it was uh... a guy on american idol
they were doing beetles night for once
and he's saying sort of a new metal version of alanor rigby
and some band out of washington
went to the press saying that he
stole their arrangement
and it was like a band nobody's ever even heard of i don't even remember
their name
i know it starts with a d o x or something it's like doxigen or something
like that
uh... but i was wondering i got to thinking about that because here's
these guys sort of trying to make this fame grab
by saying all that kid on american idol he stole our arrangement of alanor
rigby
and i mean that just seems a little on the side side to me like
here they are they're doing a cover song anyway
why make the big stink out of it and on top of that i heard a clip of both of
those songs back to back
and the one the guy did on idle doesn't sound hardly anything like
you call it i don't you call it idle
you call it idle
no i thought i said american i don't know you said idle
i'm sorry when he did an idol was nothing like it
oh boy i'm taking it deeper aren't i
i gotta say
i thought
when the year began in this new uh...
this new uh... beacon of light
named steven from north hollywood showed up
i thought we had a uh... rookie of the year clear candidate
I gotta say, you're a little bit of a slump.
Uh oh, well I'm trying to bring it back.
You're a little bit of a slump.
You're gonna go back to basics.
I'm coming back to basics.
Yeah, that's exactly it.
You're trying, Mike said it perfectly.
You're trying too hard.
You got the yips.
I got the yips?
Yeah.
Explain.
You got the yips.
What are the yips?
It's a golf term.
Golf term, okay, I don't know if I'm a golfer.
I'm a golfer.
Making a golf term on the air.
When you get spooked and you can't do it anymore.
you're spooking yourself and then you start to outthink yourself
and you outspook yourself again
well i'm going to try to i'm going to try to back off of the yips
starting now
does that work for you and off my phone
bottom that guy said julies in the lead
for rookie of the year julies in the lead
that guy's in last place
last place
you know that guys like that guy he wants to talk in showbiz lingo
he's like when you hear about a movie where you think it's going to win all
kinds of awards
and then it comes out and nobody cares about it
he's like that movie
remember the movie so it was it's it's a smell of sense of snow
We're like, you hear about all these movies coming out in December, and you're like,
oh, that one's getting hyped for, uh, to be Oscar bait, and it comes out, it just vanishes.
That's what that guy is.
He started off looking like, uh, rookie of the year bait.
He's gone now.
Now you're real, he's a flop.
He might not have the goods.
He might not have the goods.
Yeah, Julie's in the lead.
That's by default, there's a wide open path to Rookie of the Year, wide open path.
Man I saw this trailer for that new Mike Myers movie, holy moly.
about we talked a couple weeks ago about something that being over that is over
this Mike Myers thing just recreate it's like America have enough of Austin
powers and that that that like limp like weird it's like a it's like Carol Burnett
movie it's like a movie like the attitude that weird sound effects and and like
like he's he's this guru in it which uh so he's he's uh I guess he's moving
through every character that Peter Sellers played now he's doing his version
of the party so he's doing that guy he's doing this guru and he's naturally
bending himself into a pretzel shape and there's this sound effect where he's
He's bending his fake legs, like kind of like Dorf on golf or whatever.
You know, he's clearly got fake legs coming out of the floor and he's twisting him around
behind his head.
And he bites his foot and there's like literally a chomp sound effect.
Like that's if I'm watching Scooby-Doo.
into Scooby-Doo eat a sandwich this guy fm you you're on the air
hi this is Henry from South Orange who was this Henry South Orange Henry in
South Orange South Orange New Jersey and how are you tonight Henry I was
actually a task group and they screened us a few movies the one movie we saw
the guru. The love guru? Um it's one starring Mike Meyer at the time it's called the guru.
Okay how was it? Um well to tell you the truth if you like the
awesome power movies you'll probably get James. This is James? Yep. I changed you.
What's wrong with you you sicko? I said it Tom. You told me you would never do this again.
No, this is different, James.
Nope, just kidding. You got James?
Oh, that guy's so creepy.
Great, he's back.
He's actually ahead of Steven as Rookie of the Year.
That's the sad part.
James.
Guy pleaded with me.
Please, don't drop me.
I let him on my Facebook thing,
because, uh, the Facebook's a private account.
He begged me, please let me on.
Please.
Like writing me again and again and finally I let him in he's like I'll never call again
I gotta I'm gonna do I'm gonna read some of his I gotta find some of his emails now that he sent me
Yeah, I was a gentleman. I was a gentleman. I ran my show like a gentleman
Eh this little sloth is forcing me to not be a gentleman. He's forcing me to play by his rules
You gotta, oh, the sad sack, uh, the sad sack messages he sent me.
Oh, these were depressing, where are they?
Alright, here we go.
There's one called James.
Hey, Tom.
Obviously, I tried to make my mark on the show with the whole James thing, and I apologize.
I only succeeded in making myself look like a…
And he cursed, he couldn't even control himself.
I can say jerk.
And very well at that.
Not quite sure what I was thinking when it started, and even more bewildered as to why
it continued.
No more James calls, just Jeremy, that's his name, sitting faithfully next to his radio
on Tuesday nights.
I still contend that it is the funniest program across all mediums.
Media stupid.
Mediums.
And sorry about the whole record fair thing.
That was when he came up to me at the record fair, it was all sweaty.
He came up to me, he was like, oh yeah, oh my name's, I'm the guy, I got something
to tell you oh yeah my name's James I uh I call up and uh yeah I'm James and I
uh he was all sweaty and his like his toupee was slipping off because of the
sweat he's a really cheap looking toupee and sorry about the whole record fair
thing it was really very nice to have met you and you couldn't have been more
pleasant oh sad sack now he's back he couldn't control it they would see like
mr. Brooks the demon in his head he couldn't he couldn't keep him down I
think it's time you make another call tonight James my name's not James it's
Jeremy. Whatever you say James. That's sick. That's sick. Yeah, I'll turn the
tape. I'll turn tables on him. Ransom style. Now I'm like Mel Gibson on TV. I
didn't even see that movie. I just saw the trailer. At some point he like does a
TV commercial or something like yelling about I'll pay to have my the kidnappers
killed something like that
with james is sick
uh... tonight show is off to a great start
we've had uh...
we had the uh... toilet mouth from the cynics uh...
couldn't control is uh... his weird uh... uh... language
had to say something filthy
made me clear the lines
had to hang up on henry
also who called up to defend the south but had no problem
throwing Florida under the bus within fifteen seconds of his call
his uh... indignant call turned into a thing where the two of them ganged up on
a different state
then uh... steven called
from hollywood
he flamed out on the air
than James called.
now we just go home
this one's this one's uh... this one's an old-fashioned l
fifty minutes in
zenel
not ashamed to admit it
but this one's uh... this one's not on me
this one on me mike
now it's not on me
going to try to rally Churchill style, I don't know if I can do it.
Where is that tape?
Where is that Churchill tape tape?
So if I have a cassette that's Churchill on it, I don't take 11 minutes for me to get
that up, might as well.
i'm putting the topic on the table
on the other thing about that love guru movie before james uh... took it off
course
like i've earned troyer is back in it
many me
really we need more of that
we're not done with uh... many many
guys still got a couple more uh... tricks
couple more plays in his playbook
Really?
You're gonna get the other side of Vern Troyer.
And then Mike Myers calling him like insulting names in the trailer.
Mike, where'd you come up with that amazing idea to make jokes about his size?
Mike Myers.
For shame, Mike Myers.
For shame.
This movie's gonna flop.
love guru
flop hard
flop harder than the uh... sweat pouring down uh...
james's forehead
loosening that cheap to pay of his
Sorry about the whole record fair thing.
It was very nice to have met you and you couldn't have been more pleasant.
Now you're right, I'm a gentleman.
I'm down here for free every week.
It's a free radio show free for everyone you wanted it's there for you for free
let's start charging for this thing let's start charging if I gotta put up with
guys like that, I got to get some money back.
All right, run the line through that.
Tonight's topic.
I love you, but, which is I love you a comma, but dash, for example, Neil Young, I love
you but those last how many years ten years now bad news Jack oh the CD
skipping right
what's this player made out of
who made this a play school made it
oh yeah that explains everything
two oh one
two oh nine
nine three six eight i love you
comma but
dash
who are the people
now they're your favorites
but they let you down
who are they
Two oh one two oh nine nine three six eight how would you Mike does anybody fit
that category for you Larry the perv maybe yes your protege your
Protege has been a let down.
Hey Mike. Hey Mike, it's Larry the Purve.
How's it going?
Yeah, I think Larry the Purve forgot how to do Larry the Purve.
Hey Mike, it's Larry the Purve.
How are you?
Well, what's going on tonight?
He believed it almost one-third of the show's over now and this is where we're at
This garbage dump of callers
Toilet mouths
flame outs
James
FM you you're on the air
Yeah, man, it's Danny ash calling in and you know like I can't help but to notice the topic and I'm sitting here
And I'm thinking you know you had a bunch of people call in and you know
It was pretty funny when you guys were getting into it and everything. I'm in New York
Port Jarvis receiving you shut my receiver down and anyway, I could say I love New York. I'm definitely a listener of
of
w f m u
also you know not to get tangential
or anything off of the
conversation you know
there's one of the jerky boys
it can you guys even tell us like who actually does
seem for like
chubby blossom clinic because they love that around here
they really love it
they turn they crank the volume right up as high as it goes by the move
Yeah, because we live in a part-time nut house, you know.
It's kind of like this.
Oh boy.
Oh boy.
Oh.
Was that a jerky boy?
That sounded like the jerky boy.
He didn't charge me $25 for the call, so it couldn't have been.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, I got a good one.
I wish you're...
Pangillette, I love you, but we don't need to see you dancing on TV.
Is he on dancing with the stars?
Yeah.
Yeah, that came on the other day while we were cooking dinner and I went, what?
We got a stomach ache now.
Hey, a stomach ache.
FM you're on the air. Hey Tom. Hey who's this? This is Jerry and Boulder. How are you doing?
Jerry and Boulder. How are you tonight? I'm good. I'm good. I'm going to try to bring
things back on track. I got a response for your topic. Yes, which is I love you, but
I Love you got it by voices, but enough with the stage banter in between the songs
You mean like on live shows or something like yeah, I mean I let me just can I just tell you this?
I I love got it by voices ever since B-1000 sure, but
Robert Pollard
Talented man, I had no dispute
but the last three times I've seen them live he literally talks for 25 minutes
in between each song talking about how horrible other bands are and it's like
you know let's just play some music well the shows are three and a half hours
long admittedly you're still getting three hours and ten minutes worth of
music yeah so but I don't know it just it really it by the third time I saw
It was it was just getting kind of old. I mean, I don't mean to decorate got it
But you know, they haven't been around for four years also, right? I mean you're aware of that
I am aware of that
I am aware of that but I'm just I had to tell somebody that that knows who got it by voice is are because I just
It's been bothering me for years and I just want to get off my chest
Well, you gotta let go of those things earlier. You can't let them sit there for four or five years. I know I know
How are things in Boulder, Colorado tonight?
tonight. Things are fine. You work at the Morgan Mindy Museum? I do and no I don't
work at the Morgan Mindy Museum but it is it's warm here it's 70 degrees
surprisingly and you know it's a nice place. I love it you got ready you got
you got a nuggets fever. No it won't have nuggets fever. You don't? No nuggets going
all the way now you know I don't even know if I could tell you what sport they
play I'm sure you could just try it is a basketball yes it's basketball you're
not no one's that bad at things like that you've heard you're in you're in
Colorado it's not like there's eight baseball teams and six football teams
you know there's one baseball team one football team and one basketball team
Do you even have a hockey team there?
I don't know.
I have no-
Why am I asking you?
Thank you.
What?
Good day, sir.
Yeah.
Thank you.
And in the chat, that's the best call of the night.
That's the best call of the night.
What am I doing here?
Really?
WFMU East Orange WXHD Mount Hope.
world wide on the world wide web at w f m u dot o r g
the guy called earlier is right everybody pay your pledge
pay your pledge you made your pledge pay your pledge
f m u you're on the air
it checks i love you
but enough of the betty page book
yeah betty page what a horrible look
isn't it terrible terrible
well what what what what do you look like
well i'm a girl
Well, I didn't think you were right. Tell me about your look. Tell me about your look
I look like Betty Paige
Really this is where we're at. That's where we're at in 2008 best show
triumphant marathon
Is it?
It's God smoting me
God smoting me
you know what though I look over at the chat I see I love you but this I love
you but that they got a great show going on in there I'm stuck with the these
humanoids calling everybody in the chat that looks like a pretty pro show going
on in there if only those people knew that there was a radio show that was
and then the chat started because of
fm you you're on the air
i thought this is christ from the blog music snobbery dot com we met a couple
weeks ago
hey how are you how are you happy to do to you thank you i was a stir
nice job getting a plug-in by the way
all you know i try you know
if anything a blog is pretty much self-serving
i love you you too but you please stop it
Stop what? It? You mean existing?
Yeah, I've had enough.
What was the last U2 album you liked?
Joshua Tree, and they've been pretty much remaking that every time since then.
What you like about Joshua Tree so much?
With or without you?
No, no, like Streets have no name.
That's like one of the best beginnings of an album from...
I think it came out in 1986, 87.
I don't know. I, uh...
Kind of hate you, too. I wouldn't have any idea
There what's the band you hate the most ever?
Red hot chili peppers
Think red hot chili peppers in you, too
Yeah, number two for me would be grateful dead
You know what you know you too. I like when the streets have no name
Where the streets have no name the pet shop boys version. I can't take my eyes off of you
do
did you have a sort of a mashup
yes
they made magic with that
well with you to another you know bono is a great guy
time of the year he'd done a lot of great charity work is very knowledgeable
but musically man it's just it's just
stuff for forty-year-olds
this rehashing the same thing over and over again
it's time
time you too
thanks buddy i have a good one
we're piecing it back together
we're piecing it back together
fm you you're on the air
a-thom and shan from los angeles this guy's good this guy's good he's going to
bring us all the way back
how are you shot
i'm good i have something for the topic with the showbiz insider
yeah uh... guys met them all
has met them all is more valid than anybody else i guess
this guy's met them all he's met phase on
This guy's met everyone famous.
Yeah, yeah, I have I have driven past Amanda Bynes in a golf cart. Yes, you've met Donald face on
Good guy
Braff good guy
Chalk good good good gal good gal sure that one guy's a jerk though
well which one the one uh...
joncy mcginley
uh... he's intent
that's a nice a polite way of saying he's a jerk
i did not say that
i know i don't work there anymore so that was where i care
you know he was really good in are we done yet
um... i i i didn't see that one it's an ice cube movie
all of the sequel to are we there yet he played multiple roles all of peter
sellers
uh... i didn't see his work in in in um...
wild hogs either but uh...
i heard that one had to stay
does he write all those jokes where he's like well hey there sunshine where
like where he thinks that that just talking like that's hilarious
um... um that's not uh... it's not written in the script
to talk that way, right? It's a choice. Enough. You told us volumes with that. So you, Sean,
a Hollywood insider, do you have something for the topic? I do have something for the
topic. Let's hear it. Stephen Malkmus, but I don't really like any album. Each solo
album that he puts out, I like less and less. He started out his first solo album. He was
trying to be like a new Rupert Holmes, you know, it was kind of like his take on the
Pina Colada song, like finally crafted three and a half minutes story songs. And now like
as each album goes on, songs get longer and I lose more interest.
I love it. He decided to go from Rupert Holmes to Jerry Garcia somewhere in there and it's
not working for me Steve. Sorry. I love you.
You want to know what?
Top notch call.
Thank you.
Thanks, Sean.
No problem.
FMU, you're on the air.
I'm on the air now.
Hello, Tom.
Yes, who's this?
Oh, super.
This is Julie from Cincinnati.
How are you, Julie?
Super, how are you?
I'm doing OK.
Wow.
Just paid my pledge online, but I had to make a new pledge.
Can you make sure it goes for the right pledge?
I don't want to pledge to anybody else.
Okay, well, you'll want to make sure you get the premium and all that.
No, I just want to make sure my vote counts where I want it to count.
Well, thank you.
I'm sure, you know what, as long as you pledge now, you did the right thing, as long as you
pay the pledge.
Well, I've pledged before, but I'm bad at losing paper and all that, so I just went
on my name, gave you my credit, not you, but the form.
Yes, well, it all goes to WFMU at this point, now that the marathon's over, so it's cool.
I applied to during the marathon. I wanted to go for that. Thank you. It will.
Okay. I've got something for the topic.
What is it Julie?
Cigarette. I just love them, but they make my breath bad.
How many cigarettes you smoke a day?
None. Sometimes one.
One a day?
Or less.
you're just like a you're just like a social smoker
i would probably smoke like ten packs a day though if they weren't so smelly
they're great
yeah they are great
yeah
except for the cancer yeah no downside with cigarettes
hey you made my husband cry last week
i made him cry last week
yeah i was out of town and he called me crying because you said you wouldn't be
chained to me
or like a lot of money
and he started crying
and he's like
why do i have the wife that nobody would be chained to what
yeah i was talking about him
well i think you made him cry
like a baby my tongue splashed some cold water on his face
well that's what i could do i was like a million miles from him it's a hard
world
this guy i'd make a make a little joke in this guy's crying
like a baby
I mean, tell them to toughen up.
I'd call his mom and have her come over.
Are you serious?
No.
Goodbye.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi, this is Liz, coming from Chicago.
Liz, from Chicago.
Do I know this, Liz?
I don't think so.
Not really.
No, I do.
How are you, Liz?
I'm good.
I'm really good.
How are you?
I'm doing OK.
got all these great callers tonight
it shows right on target right how i write how i have pictured it going
beginning of it
it's a cavalcade of stars yes it is
it's like a who's that person
for all office what's that
i've got something to happen let's hear it
it's a little personal
i want to say i don't want to share you don't want to say this for uh...
for uh... for uh... ira glass
out there in chicago
you have something personal to say
maybe you want to do it on this american life
at one
that's news that shows a complete snooze
and we admit it
we admit that that's the worst show ever
this american life
okay
heads
tired of the ads
walking around like they think they run the place
you know i mean
eggheads looking down on the rest of us
i don't think it's a is that what's happening there
yes it is
they're rolling around with that desk
ira glass
like the slam his fingers in that desk drawer
maybe we get his maybe get to wake up for once
can't get a couple classes
I'm not going to hit him. I'm going to crush his fingers in the desk drawer.
That's right, okay. That's good.
Can't hit a guy with glasses.
Is there anybody at NPR without glasses?
No, no one.
You can't hit me. I am wearing glasses.
Condescending eggheads.
Sick of it.
Where's Joe Lunch Pal on NPR?
Give me a show on NPR.
I'm here. Look at me here.
This show is, uh, I'm here cleaning up.
This show's like a juggernaut.
Put me on NPR, the Joe Lunch Pal hour.
Once a week, talk to the regular guy,
but I won't talk condescendingly to him.
Yeah, I talk to a subway operator.
Tom, do you know that I work for NPR?
I do not know that.
It's true.
Who do you work for?
Well, Chicago, public radio.
Not that guy who hosts, wait, wait, don't tell me.
Not directly. Do you know that guy? No, not really. I've seen him in the hallway.
It's creep, right? No, he's crazy. Right. A little bit of a creep. You can admit it.
Nobody knows who you are. He's a creep. Joe Lunch Pal hour on NPR. Put me on.
You have power over there. I'm actually talking to an NPR. Why am I not on NPR?
I'll see what I can do what am I doing that is not NPR
That is it's not play into that to their the way they do things
Yeah, what are they talking about highbrow stuff
Like I talked about paintings I
Went to a museum and saw a painting the other day that good like that what I should be doing
Talk about art exhibits
I don't know. I'll have to consult with people, see what I can do for you.
Get me in over there. Get me on wait, wait, don't tell me with their crazy quips.
Those quips, right? Yeah. It's very quippy over there, right?
It's true, it's true. Drives up the wall. Do you know any of those people on this American life?
No, not at all. They're actually based out of New York, so it's more likely that you
would run into them than I would.
It's more like I would run over them.
You might turn it into a Yoda Tango show.
Probably see one of the producers at the show. They don't go out.
Everyone talk like this.
I'm an animal. My boyfriend broke up with me.
this is not what i had in mind for the phone
let's get to it then
okay
so this is directed towards my friends
okay i'm not listening
i love my friends but they've got a knock-off the living their life to their
blog
well i hear you on that
i hear you
it's kind of the point where i show up at a party and i'll be talking to
people and all of a sudden somebody will be like in what happened to your
dog you know i'll be the only person that doesn't know what's going on
Because I don't read their blogs regularly enough with that blogging every detail
Every detail gets up on the blog, but you didn't read about that sandwich. I ordered I
Went to all-bomb pan. You didn't read about that
Yeah, and the guy didn't give me my change back
You didn't you didn't follow that
that exciting 18 paragraph
Recounting of that exciting non-adventure and
And someone literally said somebody was telling a story and somebody's response was what do you do in telling us?
There's only seven people here. You could be putting it on the blog and telling it to thousands
Yeah, and but they're not telling it to thousands. It's only that same seven people. No one cares
I know the same seven people these people are sick with their blogs. I
Hate it. Mike runs a blog
He reviews all different Panera breads.
It's called Panera Blog at BlogSpot.com.
Really?
Yes.
It's actually interesting though.
Oh that's good.
This one, he's got that in the talk.
Get me on NPR seriously.
Alright, I'll see what I can do.
Like all the guys, they all have that same voice.
I'll have that same voice.
Thank the girls talk like this.
And the guys talk like this.
Thank you, Liz.
Okay, good night.
Trying to turn it around.
FMU, you're on the air.
Good evening, Tom.
Hi.
Who's this?
Tom, I'd like to move forward.
This is Stephen North Hollywood.
I realize I'm taking a big risk here.
You really are.
You're stepping right back up to the plate.
i have something for the topic
let's hear it
and
it'll get to finish
the earlier thing
check it out
rockin rollers in general
i love you
but let's save the cover songs
for the live show
out here right now the killers they're doing shadow play by joy division they've
got a cover that
it's all over the place
i can't escape it you know and no doubt it's my life
all over the radio
Can we save those for the live show? That's all I'm asking.
You wonder how you can escape it?
Shut off that horrible radio station you're listening to.
Believe me, I do. I do.
But again, you know, and...
Get off my phone!
Last place!
Last place!
FMU, you're on the air.
I saw him hit Samir in Florida.
Hey, Samir. It's a guy complaining.
Yeah, yeah.
Hey, it's Steve in North Hollywood.
You put on the radio you hear this horrible killer song you can't escape it and then I hear it's my life by no doubt
I can't escape that
Very easy to escape yeah reach into your you're you're driving around you're reaching you put a CD in
Exactly you could talk with Nate Hartley and says we're listening to the radio. Oh
Nate Hartley zinger you just zung Nate Hartley
Who's Nate Horton?
Oh, that's the kid from the movie again. That's right.
I couldn't get into it. I tried to see that movie this week, and I could not get tickets.
Really? Is that hot? Yes.
Yes.
Do for Joe Patel, or please?
That'd be the instead.
Sorry, sir. It sold out. What do you mean it sold out?
Every show is sold out.
All right. I actually tried to see it off in international waters.
Still no joy.
i couldn't get out there
the last ferry
and actually
so let's hear it's a mere what do you got for me
all right i'm a little more but i think i think i'm not too not too keen on the
florida bashing that happened on your show earlier i know i know and read in
that guy from the senate
what a what part of florida are you in samir
i'm in game bill in the middle of the state
stompetti country
going to go to the uh... mudcrutch uh... reunion shows
maybe uh... that we can mention that bob saggot's gonna be here tomorrow and
on the same day also here tomorrow but unfortunately not at the same time
maddling all bright is also speaking here
and now the tat berry's not here i can make fun of bob saggot
absolutely i don't want to get you on too much left or worst
i couldn't imagine going to see bob saggot live in concert
it's awful i'd i'd i'd i'd turn down
two different people saying let's go to the office
what jack i have a nervous breakdown on stage
that's still wanted
that's a haunted by full house
get over it
exactly get over it
yet that you you made uh...
a hundred ten million dollars from doing it
and it was eleven years ago
i can understand how you'd be ruined by that
so that i'm i'm not going to go and see him
so let's hear it samir
all right um
Andre 3000 most deaf and common
I love you but please guys let's be a little more discerning in our movie
except the movie roles we accept
You didn't like Four Brothers?
I wasn't too hot on Four Brothers
I remember you talking about Be Cool and it was not so great
I thought I'd go to Richie film Revolver the other day
which has Andre 3000 in it
Andre 2000
Is that the earlier model?
uh... and i think he lost a thousand for being in each of these films
to she
and uh...
and mr fencom and again
love them as rappers
wish they'd be in
not as many awful films
you know what
call the night
you did it here
top quality
thank you very much top quality of your good evening to
uh...
fm you you're on the air
com
high-huzis
is a worry back to back florida
and for shame
how are you doing
and i'm doing well i am for shame michael k
opinions on the gainsville
uh... i've never actually been
there's a lot of
back country
between miami and
Ledger cities in Florida, but I'll stand by Florida
Seconds after condemning someone who condemned Florida. They have some sort of pirate thing going on there. I don't know
Pirate
they have like a pirate parade or something. I have no idea. I've never been, but they have
not going for them. I love it. Yeah, so I was calling in, because I was going to say,
the cynic. Yeah. I love you. Michael Kay. Oh, it's on. It's on. Yeah. I'm not so keen
on the Florida hating on the South hating. I love it. It's on. Yeah. Yeah. He'll see
if he gets another dime from me. Yeah. Wow. This is getting heated. Yep. Almost as hot
as Florida, right? Actually, it's really cold. It's like in the 70s. Yeah, that's
reason it's really cold the 70s it's 67 I just oh you're right it at 9 9 23 at
night it's 67 degrees how are you surviving how are you getting by
crowded around a garbage can with flames coming out of it what's that what you
can't get Dottie to do anything about it Dottie turn the sun closer to me I like
I like this weather, I don't like it when it's too hot.
This is the best it gets.
Well, I had another contribution to the topic.
Let's hear it.
Wes, in the chat.
Yes.
I love you, but I would like you to call in.
Yes.
He almost makes me laugh.
Call in Wes.
Yeah.
Come on.
And Omar, why is it that guy calling?
That guy too.
talk about prime rookie of the year material yeah okay that guy's got it
uh that guy's got it locked up if he would only he would only take it he's
like uh he's got to he's just got to grab the mantle sure thing you know what I
read I read the one the worst comic book series I've ever read in my life
oh what is it it was this thing called world war hulk oh god it was maybe the
dumbest thing I ever read I have no idea why I continued to read it
Patton said he liked it.
First of all, World War Hulk?
It might have maybe called Midtown War Hulk.
I know.
They don't leave Manhattan.
I don't think it went below 25th Street.
Yeah, I know.
All the Manhattan Knights are going out to, I don't know,
Albany or something.
And they don't have to worry about the Hulk chasing them down
and smashing them.
Because they're in camp up there.
A little bug alien third, yeah. Okay, I'm done.
We also say the Hulk stinks as a character.
Oh, and now he's red.
And that movie's gonna stink too, that Hulk movie.
Yeah, they're making another one.
With Edward Norton as the Hulk.
Oh, yeah.
You know what I just heard they're remaking?
Time bandits.
No.
Yes.
Why would they do that?
I have no idea.
Isn't that horrible?
they want to ruin it? I guess so yeah well the guy who directed P2 is directing it
that horror movie about the parking garage oh gosh yeah no that that's that's gonna be a
try not and Andy Milonakis is playing all of the time bandits yes I think it's a
disaster yeah except for Jamie Kennedy will be playing one of them also well
what about Miley Cyrus did she get a roll I like Miley Cyrus someone needs to
take her digital camera away from her though. You know what I think somebody
needs to do Laurie instead of Miley Cyrus getting her digital camera taken away.
I think somebody needs to put a egg timer next to their computer. Oh for how long
we're allowed to look at gossip sites before these things start to really bother us.
I don't look at gossip sites. Which sites do you look at?
not that many. How many do you look at? I don't know. I just named name the name three
that you look at. Radar. Okay. I don't really look at Gawker anymore. Okay. That place
Turfed out hmm
The lab warship calm, okay
And it's pretty much it TMZ no
Perez Hilton
Every day she was at the forefront of my mind because I was watching a video in which she and her 20-year-old backup dancer friend talked about how much
Jesus rocks and
And that they do everything for Jesus
and you know with people think my laugh is unsettling they should hear her laugh
you know what it's almost enough to make you stop buying Hannah Montana stuff
huh yeah so tonight you've announced you are going to stop supporting the
cynics and Hannah Montana or listening to Irwin's show I don't know
apparently he liked him and can i
different strokes for different folks thank you for calling a party
if i'm here on the air
hey
uh... television
i love you
but stop showing repeats of scrubs on about ten different networks at the
same time
yeah what is the uh... you go to uh... comedy central
like scrubs central
and then it's like all but you can watch it on fox five to at the same time
and it's the same episode look at that and there's no one gets what the show's
not even that good
i hate it
i'm with you on that champ
fm you you're on the air
yes
this is heavyweight collar
paycheck heavyweight caller paycheck champion of two thousand seven
stepping back into the ring in two thousand eight
to what do we know the pleasure of this call heavyweight champion
super caller paycheck
well i wanted to uh... chime in if i may well you you definitely may on the uh...
you realize you do not have to stick to the topic
you are free to do whatever you want
i just uh... just uh... go freestyle
you could but i think that you're enough of a pro that you realize
the topic must be supported
well i think the topic is it's fantastic so i will support all thank you pay
check
i have one uh... which i think you will enjoy but uh... middle abstract it's a
and maybe the first post mortem i love you but okay
uh... i frequent um...
record stores as you you might yes i do
and uh...
i gotta say i love you
johnnie funders
you know when i'm holding my hands the uh...
a brand new triple
ten inch
you know uh... record from sweden
uh... of uh... johnnie funders and not even harper acres and some pickup
band
live in buffalo in nineteen eighty four
that's what i gotta go
i love you
i love it
and uh... you know you're looking at this thing it's like uh... you know
all good to have pipeline on it
that's half of five a and uh...
uh...
so i don't know
you know what
did it
again i did it again
you did it again
you did it again so how are you doing paycheck i'm doing good
excited i know mike mars is one of your boys
yeah i got the new movie coming up
yeah looks great huh
yeah uh... you know i don't know
you know what do you think you think it's going to go down flames i do i think
i think i think he uh...
i think he went by his he he stuck to his playbook this time
that he will relate a regret
yeah i don't know you know it's uh...
and we shot a lot of entranos up uh...
at the uh... the maple leaf or and i believe
you know i think uh... i am excited that uh...
we get to see jessica alba try to be funny for the eight hundred fifty of
time in a movie
when when can we uh... when can we waive the white flag on that
good luck truck too
good luck truck too
the other day i was watching all these dane cook uh...
tour videos
that he had up on his website
I can't even go into how obnoxious they were.
Like, he's the type of guy who films any sort of charity work he does, and puts it up on
the website like him going to see some kid in a wheelchair, which look, that's great.
Poor kid in a wheelchair, he's a big dang cook fan, you gotta say hi to him, you give him
the stuff.
But you know what it is, the camera was in the room already, like it's that kind of,
when reality shows do that kind of filming where you can tell how much they're cheating
by where the camera is like if the cameras just over dane coke shoulder
going into the room to visit this fan
that's one thing
but the camera is is behind him there's one behind him and one in the room
waiting for him to open the door
yet it's kind of a bummer whenever they uh...
they come in pre-light
though the hospital room
right that's not it
that's what it felt like everybody's wearing mike's
and uh...
and dane coke i will say this
whatever god bless you your popular
your fancy to love you
i don't think anyone in the profession of comedy
should ever be in the position where they take off their shirt at the end of the
performance and throw it into the crowd
i don't care who's doing the comedy
at that point
i don't care i don't care if uh... if uh... hulk hogan is doing the comedy
he's doing uh... open mic night and then takes his uh...
shirt off and throws it into the audience although actually that might be
the one exception
if hulk hogan uh... was doing stand-up
yeah there is
there's a really doing tonight
uh...
yeah i heard some observations about the
bandana
hey what's the deal with these new bandanas
with the uh...
what's the deal with these new rip rip away shirts
that guy
I like that he would have a solid 20 minutes on Bandana.
Yes, he'd be like, I'm going to go up
and do the Bandana thing tonight.
Again, going to talk about Bandanas again?
Yeah, I got another five minutes on Bandanas.
Now you might want to diversify you, Hulkster.
See if you come up with some new subject matter.
Anybody out there buy any Bandanas this week?
You come out, you do the, you, you cup your ear for the first five minutes, right?
And you do a 20 minutes of bandana material and then you move on.
That's what he should do before his stand up.
He should do that thing that that dude did to John Stossel.
Yeah.
2020 cup is cup his ear and then do stand up so that nobody can even hear it.
And then beat up John Stossel.
Oh, John Stossel has the worst.
Heavyweight super caller paycheck. Tom you are a champion you've proven tonight
yet again why you are a champion thank you for calling thank you FM you you're
on the air hey Tom how you doing I'm doing all right how are you I'm alright
this is Greg from Baltimore Greg from Baltimore how are you tonight Greg
doing okay but I got to say art I love it but it's getting a little out of
hand around these parts art
public art
you just like
way give me an example
well you're here's the here's a big thing that they're doing right in the
in the center of town
okay they have uh... they did this for his uh... senior's thesis
there's something this this uh... kid up at the art school is decided to take
three thousand feet
chain weight construction fence
spray painted gold
And fence off, you know, this beautiful park the centerpiece of which is the Washington Monument like the one in Baltimore
It's actually cooler than the one in DC. It actually has, you know, like George Washington and the freakin Toga on top of it
so
You know, no one can get into the park
like
It's getting it's getting out of hand
I mean the people in the neighborhood are up in arms and there's like accusations of elitism and I just think that things stupid
But, you know, I'm not saying anything.
So the park is blocked off.
Yeah, no one can get in.
No one can get in, no one can get out.
Because someone's doing an art,
I seriously hope it's just a matter of no one
being able to get in.
I hope there's nobody actually trapped in there.
Well, you can, sometimes people are in there,
but they seem to just be like art school kidding around.
Get me out of here.
Yeah.
I've been trapped in this park for a month.
They've put, there's like the statue at the one end of it,
but the marquee, the Lafayette,
and he's dressed in like a clown suit
so this is a thing that some art students is doing
yeah fencing in an entire park that now no one can enjoy that park
exact them and he's doing it to change please don't ever say exact the mondo
i wouldn't i won't
i'll try not to say it again
um so
you uh...
yeah you really threw me on that one
I gotta go.
Hold on a second.
Get my bed.
Okay, I'm past that exactamundo thing.
So yeah, so the fence is, I'm still thrown
by exactamundo, sorry, I'm not back yet.
Okay.
All right.
So the park is fenced in.
What other experiments are going on there?
It's hard to say.
I mean, like there's been a lot of like, you know,
like what do you call it?
Like posters going on?
like just saying we keep out rich kid are and then
you like the other day that some of the kids are saying like mount fernan
cuz it's mount fernan
it's getting it's getting really ugly i mean what what was essentially just
somewhat stupid ideas turned into like war war three
so the fact that it's a it's a what are people saying about the idea like
hey i kind of wouldn't mind going in the park today
in the spring right yeah
getting ready to get nice weather
Yeah, it seems to be, you know, like tough luck, you know, there's no getting into the park.
How high is that fence?
It's like what you'd see around any kind of construction site, except it's pre-painted gold.
Smash it down!
Yeah, that could be right too.
I'm sure people aren't at their wits and then they're going to smash that fence down.
It could be. It could be coming into that. I think things are coming to a head.
And it's like they like the kids like to have like an Easter eggplant in there on Easter and it was
Yeah, you're known was in there and I
Don't like it. I don't like this gold chain link fence thing you're talking about
Check it out like gold
Gold chain link fence calm. They're the whole the whole master plan is there gold chain link fence calm
Yeah, all one word
You know these public art things like that. You know what one drives me nuts? What? Improv everywhere
That is now it's like this thing where it's like this improv group. They do improv everywhere
Where they'll be like
Like they pretend that they're agents and they're gonna take over a best buy and everybody goes in wearing a blue shirt
They need that. They need that, right? That guy needs now to, uh, to get into a thing because there's, uh, 200 other people walking around in blue shirts in the store.
200 art school kids. You know what I do? I'm telling improv everywhere right now.
If I'm ever around these improv everywhere guys, I'm messing your thing up.
I'm going to mess your thing up. I'm telling you right now.
And then I'm going to say it's improv. Now I was doing it.
Mine's called improv anywhere. That's what I do.
Level the playing field, turn the table.
Yeah. People don't have enough to do it.
enough to do I saw another one of these things online where it's like we all put
our cell phones into the into our bags and check them in over at the the
strand the bookstore so there are all the bags are checked there and then we
all call them at once and then they show like a hidden camera the poor slob who
is working behind the counter at the strand taking your bag putting it into
little cubby hole and handing you back a uh... you know a playing card
say you know to reclaim your bag
that guy's really excited about the prospect of all the phones ringing at
once
that's what he signed up for
and for shame
you know pick up the big targets
yeah nobody takes on big targets
everybody's scared
you're gonna do that stuff take on a big target
now put a chain link for them like
run the white house man
the white house
that egghead with his uh...
you know the only person i'd love to see inside that gold chain link fence
dan deacon
uh...
uh... i think i just had a nerve
big time i used to uh... ride a ball for
you know that those guys were always pretty cool but the people that would
turn out for the shows would think it was uh... improv to like pull the
fire alarm at three a.m. on a Tuesday morning
yeah that was always uh... lock them all inside that gold chain link fence
that's what i says
thank you greg
fm you you're on the air
this is new from st. Paul
Nate
from st. Paul
not to be confused with Nate Hurley
don't don't worry i didn't think you're nate hardly
sportly at four kids getting humiliated now
you know people are going for now
the thing you mentioned about steve actually that he was getting the yip
and i brought this up in the chat i think it's kind of interesting points
and then baseball
uh... there's two different terms for getting the yipson baseball and see
there's steve blast disease
or steve sex disease and i thought that was a kind of interesting other steve
from ollie wood disease
yeah
so i got some for the topic
i can't wait to hear it
christopher walkin
i love you
but you were in the cowbell sketch
what do you mean
the uh... we don't know i don't know about
you don't like that
i got kind of sick of it after
you know trip like it went past the
you know shelf life of your average comedy bit and became a meme
and something that people actually yell at concerts
it's kind of like
i kind of want to be the guy that
you know shout free bird
but i also want to
professional enthusiasm for the comedy stullings of will ferrell
it's
that kind of an
uh... you don't like it you don't like it encroaching on your rock concert
experience experience
that and my you know enthusiasm for the
for the discography the works of bluster cult worry
quality rock band
yes well that sketch has
zero to do with blue oyster cult
oh yeah they could use them out
enough
thank you
as mad about a sketch was on tv eleven years ago
fm you you're on the air
Hi, this is Terry from Port Jervis, New York.
Terry from Port Jervis, New York.
How are you tonight?
I'm doing fine.
I got a topic.
I love you, but what is really love?
What's that?
I love you, but what is really love?
It's true love, yes.
You're losing me somewhere here on this.
I'm trying to use like a.
So you want to fold it back in on itself?
Like, do people say I love you all the time?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Love, you can love like many things.
Mm-hmm.
All right.
You can love a person.
You can love a cat.
You can love a dog.
Mm-hmm.
I wanted to play a song from my boyfriend, Danny, from 13th Floor Elevator.
And a lot of people don't know who they are.
And your boyfriend was in the 13th Floor Elevators?
He wasn't in the 13th Floor Elevator.
He likes the group.
Oh, okay.
You didn't play the Jug, did he?
I just got a... I don't know if she said something bad or not.
With my... my engine!
FMU, you're on the air.
Tom, how are you tonight?
Doing okay. Who's this?
This is Anne. I'm calling from Providence.
Anne from Providence, Rhode Island?
It's true.
How are things in Providence tonight?
They're good. They're cold.
cold. What line is this guy on Mike? Protege. Oh boy. Got a gear up for this.
Trouble. So what do you have for me tonight Anna? First of all I appreciate
the call. You sound like a nice young lady. I try. I like your show. Oh thank
you. Did you pledge? I did actually via my boyfriend. Are you gonna pay it? V pledge of
Of course.
Good.
You know.
Of course.
I do have one for the topic.
Let's hear it.
Terry Gilliam.
Yeah.
I love you.
But, Thailand.
Yeah.
Hurt.
Guys off target.
Hurt.
Yeah.
Didn't like it.
I couldn't bring myself to watch that.
I sat down.
I was transfixed.
I could not move.
And I was so disgusted and turned off and I watched the whole thing and it hurt.
hurt. But I love them. I do. And, you know, I'll, I'll, I'll try them again, but don't
know where he's going with that.
And?
Yes.
You are a hundred percent right.
Oh, thank you.
You have a good night.
Me too.
Thank you. Here we go. FM you're on the air.
Hey, Tom. Larry.
Hey, Larry. Hey, Dave, Larry.
Hey, Dave, Tom. Hey, you talk like me. That's cool.
hmm. I got one for the topic for you. Let's hear it. Ah, Tom Stoblin. I love you, but you've
got to stop going to Larry. You like that one, right? What's that? You like that one.
I didn't hear it actually. Oh, I'm sorry. Uh, Tom Stoblin. I love you, but you've got to stop
as he never heard this show he didn't know I was gonna do that
he didn't know that was coming
mike's losing it out there mike's protege
FM, you're on the air. Hey, Tom. Hey, who's this? This is Bob from Burlingame. Bob from Birmingham?
Burlingame. Burlingame. Where is that? That's in the Bay Area in California. How are things in
Burlingame tonight? Excellent, excellent. I have a, uh, I love you, but I can't wait to hear it.
I love you, Simpsons, but 19 seasons is enough. You're done with it. I'm done with it. You've
you've had enough
six hundred fifty episodes is enough
that's what you're saying
you want to know what
i agree with you
right it's only there to make money now
exactly
it'd be like if uh... if it's like coca cola at this point
yeah it's like it
next thing i know they're gonna make a movie
well that simpson's movie
yikes
Can we all admit that that movie was not so hot now?
Looking back, can everybody who loved it now
kind of own
that it was not so good?
I'm a huge Simpsons nerd, and
I already have very low expectations for the movie, so it was slightly better than I expected, but still
not a very good movie.
I love it.
You're mad.
You have a good night.
Thanks, Tom.
FMU, you're on the air.
All right, Tom.
All right, who's this?
This is Joe from Seattle.
Joe from Seattle.
How are things in Seattle tonight?
Things are good in Seattle, a little cold, but you know,
that's usual.
How are you?
Doing OK.
I read it, I got one for the topic.
I can't wait to hear it.
OK.
HBO, I love you.
Can we please stop with the emotional dramas?
Get back to the comedy, please.
Yeah.
What's wrong with entertaining America?
Well, no, I'd love the sopranos, you know what I mean?
But yeah, tell me you love me really really
Treatment watch it. I can't watch that stuff. Yeah, and that other thing John Adams. What is that? No John Adams
I love John Adams. Okay, we're good with John Adams. Well, who is that even?
That's history Tom, but what is what is John Adams John Adams? That's a historical documentary
It's telling so it's old stuff
oh I can't hear you is it old yeah yeah history why is it in color though yeah I
don't know they must have sent the camera back in time I don't know man but
I mean seriously I like HBO for what is John I don't even know what that's about
I haven't watched it I can't tell you who in history is John Adams John Adams
yeah you know ice cream or something gonna make me sound like an idiot or maybe
after me. Did he invent ice cream? Something like that. Wasn't he like a beer guy?
No, that's Sam Adams. How dare you? I know history.
FMU, you're on the air. Hey, Tom. Hey. How's it going? It's going all right. Who's this?
This is Sonny from Jersey City. Sonny from Jersey City. Yeah, Sonny. Listen, man. How about Al Pacino?
Yeah, I love you. You're a great in the godfather and dog day afternoon
But enough already you're playing the same old guy yelling at people think stupid goatee
I lip and you know your dyed hair
You know over and over the same guy. Yeah, you know what I'm saying. I do know what you're saying. You've had it
I want to sabbatical do something with your money. Nobody wants to see stupid movies are in yelling at Heather Graham or
You know, I mean who I'm blind who who cares nobody cares
Yeah, you know what home run. Thanks for calling buddy
Guys scares me though that if anyone's gonna curse that guy's got I'm gonna curse written all over him
But he didn't
That might make him the best kind of caller the guy who brings the energy of someone who would curse
But doesn't curse. I'm just getting an I am here
a saying that John Adams invented pinkberry. Not sure about that. FMU, you're on the air.
Hey Tom. Hey, who's this? In LA. Who? Colin in LA. You're Colin from LA? What's your name?
Colin. Colin, okay. Yeah, fine. What can I do for you tonight Colin? I have a thing for the topic.
Let's hear it all right. I don't know if I answer this because I missed a little bit of the beginning of the show
But uh, Judd Apatow comedies. Yeah, I
Love them, but did you really have to make one every like two weeks seems like a lot of them are coming out all the time?
Mm-hmm. You've had enough
Kind of I'm just maybe if you took more time to just sort of let them cook
You know, they're producing 8,000 things. Mm-hmm. We wouldn't get so bogged down with them, you know
I hear ya. I hear ya. FMU you're on the air. I can throw industry giant under the wheels
like that. I'm trying to work in this business. It's easy for me. I'm going to start running
my mouth just to make this guy happy. No sudden it comes back to haunt me. No tsunami out
on the bread line. FMU you're on the air. Hey Tom, it's John from Maplewood. I love
Uh, Judd Apatow.
What's that?
I love Judd Apatow.
Hey, it's a good guy.
Yeah.
It makes good stuff.
Freaks and Geeks?
Yeah, Freaks and Geeks.
Great show.
Super bad.
There you go.
So what can I do for you, John?
Well, before we get to the topic, can I ask you a quick question?
Yes, you may.
I need your opinion on something because I don't know how I feel about this and maybe you can be the tiebreaker for my head.
Okay.
And that's Uncle Floyd.
Uh-huh.
he was performing at the Maplewood Library and I'm still not sure whether
I should regret missing that that would depress me so much yeah well I have
kids and I thought maybe the kids might appreciate it or something your kids
would hate that yeah it's kids don't want that garbage see it's kind of like it's
old songs you're gonna bring that puppet oogie oogie yeah well he's sort of in
That middle ground where it's not necessarily talentless and really talentless. What's that middle ground?
Yeah, I guess so look uncle Floyd you had your run. I tip my hat to you did 45,000 episodes of that show
I watched it plenty when I was a young boy. I
watched uncle Floyd show. I was a fan of
loony skip runny and
Was that other guy's name oh gosh, I can't remember
a long time ago and I was really like I shouldn't have been up and I was very
tired. You know what I tipped my hat to Uncle Floyd but I don't think your kids
need to see that. All right thank you for you. You got to do you got to stop
being yeah you got to either have your kids make their own entertainment right
right have them put on a show or you take them to go see something decent.
Yeah well we try and do that but I thought you know hey I could show you
something from when i was a kid
uh... they would probably be completely baffled we'll type with the uh...
purse strings that that
you can't you know keep taking the movies all the time free at the library
right to take the library and get a little bit of a little bit of books
we do that too
just in addition
that was bother me can you imagine to go to that library to concentrate
and also hearing in the background
I'm playing those old songs on his piano, trying to study for, I'm trying to write a report here.
Last time I checked, libraries didn't have guys doing puppet shows.
Hey, hey, what's going on?
Man, what's going on, Oogie?
Hey, not much.
Hey, look at all the kids in today.
Man, they looked like a good crowd.
yeah you look stupid hey now wookie you can't say that
plus it seemed like ninety percent of the jokes were inside jokes and if if
you hadn't been listening for you or watching the show for years you just
yeah i have no idea inside jokes yeah i don't know how many inside jokes he's
doing these days yeah it's really true um so i had something for the topic let's
let's hear it
uh...
move on dot org i love you
you're overwhelming my inbox
they hit you too much too many uh... too many uh... updates
i mean it's kind of like if you keep pushing the message so much
you know it's it's not going to take
i get the same thing from newsmax
it's too many too many things
getting angry about that
hillary and iraq
and i think they must have passed on my email address to john kerry
and they still get emails from him to want
and each one is like what on earth does john kerry have to do uh... in two thousand
eight
sending people bulk emails
i don't know
hold on to them like what are you doing out there
mike's doing his show i hear
if they can't understand the topic
hang up on
you have my permission
mike's out there uh... walking some guy through uh...
through the ins and outs of a very simple topic i love you but one-on-one
mike's trying to uh...
trying to coach him i guess he's looking for new protege
now that a larry the perv
is officially uh...
uh... yesterday's news
Well thank you, John.
Have a good night.
Bye.
FMU, you're on the air.
Tom.
Yes.
Hey, it's Evan and Providence.
How are you?
Evan and Providence, how are you tonight?
I'm fantastic.
I have a real quick one for the topic.
I can't wait to hear it.
All right.
Mike, I love you, but Larry the Purve.
Yeah.
So I guess I'm saying this is my farewell call.
It was nice to know you, Tom.
What is, what is Mike's fascination with Larry the Purve?
I don't know.
What if Mike IS Larry the Purf?
Is that what it is?
I never checked.
Maybe he's calling on a different line and putting himself through.
Does he have his own voice modifier?
He's a master of voices.
Never would have guessed.
That would be kind of scary if you worked with somebody like that.
Like a master of voices?
Yeah, a little bit.
It would be scary.
Yeah.
Can you see him from, like, can you tell if he's actually calling in from where you're
sitting?
I can't.
like a like one of those dividers like oh my gosh he brings in an office
divider with him every week. Oh he could be every other caller. That's
touching the show from the inside. This could be Mike right now. Oh Mike, are you
Mike? Are you Mike? Be honest. Are you? He hung up before he answered. It is Mike.
Well enough with that. That will get no traction.
FMU you're on the air. Michael it's not Larry the Purves Tom. It's me. Larry is Larry.
What can I do for you Larry? You called me yesterday. I knew that kind of hurt my feelings.
You're leaving the whole the Purve Park behind. No I can still call myself the
a parf larry the parf you like that
what do you like uh... john cougar melon camp
you're not out there or any more really i'm not fun to john cougar melon camp
what you don't like him
i'm old school time
who's who tell me some of the music that a larry the perv listens to
i really forgot
okay anyone else
eros miss eros miss
I'm trying to get into the rap kind of hard just too fast for Larry hey can I
ask you something sure why not you think of Laurie is single I think I'm in
love with Lori you're in love with Lori huh yeah it's just the way she tells
the story is and I'm infatuated with her
Laurie you know listening and you want to call up and make a love connection
yeah love connections I like that Laurie can we do the dating game sometime later
in the future that it's okay with you I'm asking Laurie please call right now
and talk to Larry hey you like you like a matchmaker from that from that movie
fiddler on the roof yeah I'm about to jump off the roof no come on DJ off
the roof. They have dangerous on the roof. What's that? It's dangerous on a roof.
Yeah, then I'm going up. Is there a chance I might get hurt? Off a roof? Yes. Well,
if you jump, if you just use a ladder, I mean, it's not real danger with a ladder, if it's
stably put. If it's stably put. Yeah. Okay. What do you do for a living? English teacher?
No, I used to drive a bus.
You used to drive a bus, then what happened?
Yeah.
Well, I went back to school.
You went back to school?
Yeah.
What school?
Uh, Fairleigh Dickinson.
And what are you doing in Fairleigh Dickinson?
Filmmaking.
What's that?
Filmmaking.
Filmmaking.
Yeah.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi, Tom.
Hey, how are you?
I'm okay.
Larry. Are you still there? He hung up. He hung up. Can't believe it. Go to make a
love connection for this creep. This ingrate. And he hangs up. 10 year ban on Larry. 2018
he can call back up. March of 2018. Hold on. Let me, let me talk to him. Why am I doing
on this.
Hit it, Tom.
F.M.
You're on the air.
Hit it, Tom.
Tom?
Yeah.
How's it going there?
Is it going there?
No, she hung up.
Ah, cramp.
I got disconnected.
There's just Larry's luck.
I thought they'd see what's going to be a good year.
Larry can't do it.
I can't do that anymore.
that Larry thing is uh that's done take that roast out of the oven that's over cooked
someone overcooked the roast the roast that is Larry yeah Larry's probably just trying to get
Get some of that money, Dottie's money.
Hey there, Dottie.
Hey, Larry.
Your son-in-law there.
As it goin'.
Lou.
Reed.
One, two, three, four.
The satellite's gone, up to the skies
Things like that drive me out of my mind
I watched it for a little while
I loved to watch things on TV
Oh, bong bong, satellite of love
Bong bong, satellite of love
Bong bong, satellite of love
Satellite of
Satellite's gone, way up to Mars
Soon I'll be filled with parking cars
I watched it for a little while, I love to watch things on TV
Ooh, bam, bam, bam's at a light of love
It, baby, bam, bam, bam's at a light of love
Bam, bam, bam's at a light of love, satellite
I've been told that you've been both with Harry, Mark, and John
Monday, and Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, with Harry, Mark, and John
Satelli's gone, up to the skies
Things like that drive me out of my mind
I watched it for a little while
I love to watch things on TV
Ooh, bong, bong, bong's at a light of love
Bong, bong, bong may be the satellite of love
Bong, bong, bong's at a light of love
Satellite of
Satellites, of love Satellites, of love Satellites, oh yeah, of love
Oh yeah, of course, song
Oh yeah, of course, song
We'll check your Auntie
Hope you enjoy it
My friend
You heard me, I heard you, you knew I should, you knew I will teach you something cool
Youbooks have the opportunity to learn these things
Nobody's on anyone to go
You can take me in, but I don't know Are you really going out with your girl?
You're a big mind, and that's what you were There's no more attention to what they say
Let another drink take the fire away
Then take it everything we've got
A little more than what they find
I'm going to leave you on
You're my daughter time
You're what I tell you to
You're what you want to do
Take over
I'm gonna lead you on
You're my time and time
You're what I tell you to
Do what you want to do
Take over
All right, yeah, best shows back, WFMU, East Orange, WXHD, Mount Hope, World One, World
What web at WFMU.org.
My name's Tom Sharpling, the host of tonight's program.
53 minutes left.
How about that?
The phone number 201, 209, 9368.
New topic going up.
FMU, you're on the air.
Whoop.
Oh, FMU, you're on the air.
It's jerky boy.
That was great what you played over there.
That we read and stuff, a little bit of a break
and everything.
It's great.
This song had a lot of meaning, you know, and metaphor, you know, really fit the topic.
I want to give you a lot of compliments.
Is this really the jerky boy?
Yeah, I'm calling you back.
I'm sorry.
I, you know, wasn't a very good conversation.
What's your name?
However, what's your name?
You guys are like great.
What's your name, jerky boy?
Ben, Danny from Port Service, New York.
You guys are great.
And your phone calls, some of them I listened to.
i i i think i'm i'm like i wonder how do you feel
with what all these people like if you guys were into psychiatry
seriously
yeah i mean you can make a piece is added some of the people i know you guys
you guys make my day when you're on the air and i know i don't like the show but
you know what i love your shell
well thank you it's nice to say cuz i love your shell sometimes make my day
sometimes when i'm taking these calls sometimes i have to realize you know the
certain calls are are are good and i can play him out to see how far they go
another ones are really boring and i have to hang up at a point
yet
fm you you're on the air
i don't
it
it will never stop entertaining me
who's this young man
this is john from rock Hill
john from rock Hill is that like a uh...
flintstones town or something
well it might as well be
No, it's in South Carolina.
Okay.
Yeah.
Who's the pride of South Carolina?
The pride of South Carolina?
Yeah.
Do you even call Bear?
Well, of present day or of our past?
Who are you proud of that's from South Carolina?
Oh, man.
I'm proud of the swamp fox Francis Marion.
Who or what is that?
He was a man, he gave General Cornwallis some hell in the Revolutionary War, man.
Yeah, he made a rough form down here.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Still hanging on to that Civil War stuff, huh?
No, the Revolutionary War.
Okay.
Yeah.
I don't know what the difference is.
Oh, well, it was...
Who were the good guys who were the bad guys?
Make it simple.
Good guys?
America?
Bad guys?
Okay. Oh, that was the one. Yeah, I remember that one. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. John Adams had something to do with that. I think he, I think he first started making ice cream around that time. Was it ice cream?
Yeah, I think it was ice cream. Mm-hmm. Not sure
Wish I could find out. Let me go to Wikipedia and check
Hold on. All right
Well
Says your Wikipedia is gone
Wikipedia went out of business what what that's what it says since thanks for all the years of support
not enough people donated and unfortunately until we figure out a new
business model we're going to be able to operate the site as a manner which we
have all grown accustomed of wow that's hard to leave it strange that is weird
what you have some for the old topic yeah oh man where do I begin I have a
a few but give me your best one
uh... the best one
okay here goes
jack niggles and i'll love you but you gotta start shopping for a coffin pal
is this a guy
this is he are you in your bedroom
in front of the air
no no beer this time actually on your bedroom drinking beer
Jack Nicholson, you got to start shopping for a coffin.
Yeah, I'm just sitting in my bedroom drinking a beer.
Yeah, that was the end of the long day.
Yeah, long day, huh?
I remember.
Hey, I don't live with my parents. 23.
Yeah, you got to start shopping for a coffin.
WFMU, 201, 209, 9368.
coffin talk. Call up. Let's start talking. 201. 209. 9368. Who else should go shopping for a
coffin? Yeah. Everybody sit back in your bedroom with a cold beer. Relax after a hard day's work.
It's a drink of beer in our bedroom.
Talk about who should go shopping for a coffin.
Yeah, General Cornwallis.
Who should go shopping for?
FMU.
Yeah.
Coffin Talk.
201.
209.
9368.
2-0-1-2-0-9-9-3-6-8. Who out there should go shopping for a coffin?
Sitting here in my bedroom drinking a cold beer. End of a hard day.
Well 23 years old, 201, 209, 9368.
Who out there should go shopping for coffin?
FM you, you're on the air.
Yes. I'm here.
Yeah, who's this?
What?
Who is this?
This is Brandon.
Brandon, where are you calling from?
I'm out of Oklahoma.
You're in Oklahoma?
Yes.
You're sitting in your bedroom?
Oh, yeah.
Drinking cold beer?
Yes.
You're in a hard day?
I've got a cold beer right here.
Brandon, tell me, who should go shop for a coffin?
Who's coughing?
Who should go shop for a coffin?
I wasn't coughing.
You seem like you're an idiot.
I'm saying coffin. Not coffin.
Saying who should go shop for a coffin.
Not asking who's coffin.
201-209-9368.
Requirements before you call.
You gotta be in your bedroom.
You gotta have a cold beer.
And it's gotta be at the end of a hard day.
201, 209, 9368.
Who should go shop for a coffin?
Let's get some calls here, coffin talk.
Nobody wants a call.
I'm just going to talk about what I want to talk about then, Jack Nicholson.
You know, Jack Nicholson, I love you.
You get the time for you to go shop for a coffin.
How many movies you doing?
If I'm you, you're on the air, coffin talk.
Hi, I know we should go shop for a coffin.
Yeah, who's that?
Uh, this is, um, Michaela.
Yeah, where are you calling from, Michaela?
Um, Connecticut.
You're sitting in your bedroom?
I'm in the car.
Oh, you drinking a cold beer?
what you drinking a cold beer I'm drinking your cold beer yeah who should
go shop for a coffin a vampire I don't get it FM you you're on the air
hey Tom what's going on yeah who's this this is Frank I'll call from we
hawking are you making fun of my voice no man I had just such a hard day at work
I know why you sound like that. I'm just sitting in my room drinking a cold beer right now sitting in your bedroom drinking a cold beer
Yeah, I'm on coffin calm right now trying to see who I should shop for it
Yeah, I knew that season would springtime a lot of people die around this you should go shop for a coffin
You should too shop for a call. I don't like that call. I sound stupid
If them you you're on the air
Yeah, who's this? Oh, it's Shawn from Toronto. Shawn. How are you tonight?
Well, I'm hanging in there, you know sitting in your bedroom. Yeah, I got a PBR on the go here
You got a cold beer. Oh, you know what the coldest. Yeah, you have a hard day of the killer. Is it the end of it?
About three quarters of the way through I got another yeah, you know, so who should go shop for a coffin? Oh, it's a long list
Yeah, give me a one. I'm gonna put Larry the perv on that list
Yeah, I guess you don't have to layer in all, but you got to pack it up, but you're stupid.
Thanks for the call.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, what's up, Tom? It's Martin and Edison.
Yeah, hey, Martin. You sitting in your bedroom?
I'm in my computer room.
Yeah, you're in your computer room, you're drinking a cold beer?
I have a room temperature felt there.
Yeah, you have a hard day at work.
I'm unemployed right now.
So who should go shop for a coffin?
Uh, based on watching some South by South West coverage.
Southwest coverage yeah, and the band Hanson was billed as a indie rock band
Uh-huh, I think they should all go shop for a call
Yeah, all the guys in Hanson should go shop for a call
Maybe one big one and they can all say that Taylor
the other one too
I don't know their names. Thanks Morgan
If I'm you you're on the air yeah I don't my name is Steve yes Steve where
you calling from I'm calling from Colony I'm drinking a cold beer yeah and I'm
looking on for a coffin yeah who should go shop for a coffin I you know I think
You should give us a shot for a coffin, President Bush should know a shot for a coffin.
That's our president.
You don't talk that way about our president.
How dare you?
The president.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi, Tom.
Hey, who's this?
Hi, this is Chris.
I'm calling for Brooklyn.
Yeah, Chris.
You sitting in your bedroom?
I am.
I am sitting in my bedroom.
Yeah.
Drinking a cold beer?
No, I'm not.
You know why?
Why?
My roommate?
Yeah.
Won't tell me to be here. He took it won't give you a beer. You won't you offer to offer him a dollar?
Nothing. Is your roommate there?
He's watching TV. Put him on
He's on the phone. Yeah, put him on
Hey job, I'm on the phone real quick
Hello?
Yeah, who's this?
Good job.
Yeah, Joe, why don't you give your roommate a cold beer?
All right.
Well, there was a history to that situation.
Yeah.
Well, give him a cold beer.
Otherwise, you've got to go shop for a coffin.
FM, you're on the air.
Well, yeah, why don't you go shop for a coffin?
201-209-9368, it's cough and talk.
So anyway, Jack Nicholson, what's this guy thinking?
movies. I mean, I love you. But you got to go shop for a coffin.
201-209-9368. This is coffin talk.
If I'm you you're on the air. Yeah. Oh, I got a shop for a coffin myself, man. I'd be
in my kitchen. I've seen the whole world go to hell and back again. The poor liver,
the poor liver. Yeah, go shop for a coffin. If I'm you, you're on the air. I am. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, who's this?
Right there.
Yeah, you sound stupid.
201-209-9368.
FM, you're on the air.
Hey, Tom.
Prince. Prince from the chat. From the chat what's your name? Prince. Prince. How are you doing?
Like the music guy. You got it. You know when you do a shopping for a coffin? You're not him now
are you? Wow. Prince from the chat. What do you mean music guy? Yeah the guy with the music.
No, no, no, no. You can go looking for a coffin, too, though.
Yeah, well, are you in your bedroom right now?
I'm in my bedroom. I got a cold, cold, little, bad city. That's a Canadian beer.
Yeah. You had a hard day?
Pretty long day, Tom.
So, who should go shopping for a coffin?
Lou Reed.
Yeah, why is that?
I saw him down in Austin this year.
He was on stage with Moby.
Yeah.
Yeah, he can go shop for a coffin too.
Yeah.
What do you think about that?
Yeah, go shop for a coffin.
I think you should also.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey.
Yeah, who's this?
This is Amy.
Yeah, Amy.
Where are you calling from?
I'm calling from my bedroom.
yeah you drinking a cold beer yeah man you had a hard day a hard day no i you know who i think
should go shopping for a coffin who's that hippies man hippies yeah why is that stuff
yeah you can't watch your mouth you're stupid once you go shopping for a coffin
If I'm you, you're on the air.
Yeah, right.
We like your station, but you're talking about coffin, coffee, andon, but he's not
the one guy anymore.
We're just worrying.
Yeah.
What you try not to do bits on the radio.
stupid would you go shop for a coffin FM you you're on the air hey Nate from
Saint Paul calling again yeah what do you want I got the beer I'm tired in the
bedroom Eminem should shop for a coffin yeah what's that he hasn't really been
doing anything you just been you know eating takeout steak and getting fat
yeah Eminem should go shop for a coffin if them you're on the air anytime yeah
who's this ball from rockaway yeah what's going on tonight you drinking a cold
beer yeah in your bedroom mm-hmm yeah hard day yeah pretty hard the worst this
coffin talk who should go shop for a coffin everybody everybody yeah you
She sounds stupid.
FM, you're on the air.
Hey Tom, this is Ed from Stanhope, New Jersey.
Yeah, well, you drinking a cold beer?
I'm drinking a cold beer.
In your bedroom?
I'm in my dark basement.
Yeah, you had a hard day.
I did.
Who should go shop for a coffin?
Dick Clark, he could shop for one and he can raid it.
Like how shiny it is?
Yeah, you sound stupid.
Yeah, who wants more coffin talk?
2-0-1, 2-0-9, 9-3-6-8. FM, you're on the air.
Hi, this is Terry from Port Jarvis.
Yeah.
And I'm in my bedroom.
Yeah, you drinking a cold beer?
No, I'm not drinking any cold beer. I'm just very tired.
Yeah.
Who should go shop for?
I work for Walmart and Walmart sucks.
Yeah, who should go shop for a coffin?
Walmart.
Yeah, Walmart.
They're stupid.
Walmart's stupid, they should go shop for a coffin.
FM, you're on the air.
Hey Tom, what's going on?
what's going on this is Chad from Coughins.com I just want to have you guys
keep up this conversation because my hips are really going through the roof
right now you sound stupid everybody who goes over to Coughins.com gets a
discount if they've got a cold beer and they had a hard day FM you you're on
the air. Stop making point of me. FMU you're on the air. Bush should be in the coffin.
Yeah, you're stupid. That's our president. You don't talk that way. What'd you go
shop for a coffin. 201, 209, 9368. FMU, you're on the air. Hey, Tom. Hey, who's this? It's Dave from Knoxville. Hey, Dave. How are you, my friend?
Yeah, I'm doing alright. Had a little hard day.
Uh, you found a little down.
Yeah, I'm just sitting here drinking a cold beer in my bedroom.
Oh, you're in your bedroom?
Yeah.
Is Mike over at your house?
What?
Mike, is Mike over at your house?
Who should go shop for a coffin?
Hey, hey, hey, hey, Tom.
Yeah?
Uh, listen, I thought about something on my pledge.
Yeah?
Yeah, I pledged.
Yeah.
And I had to get all the prizes, you know, I need all the prizes.
So I couldn't go big time, but a seventy-five dollar pledge, right?
All right.
Okay.
Yeah.
First off, you got to take money orders.
You know, we don't really trust those.
Yeah, you could send them money order.
Northern or foreign banks.
You could send them money order.
But I got this idea.
Yeah.
I figure beyond the shoot, I'm hung on a word here, we pledge to support the station
and that in itself is good, but I also assume that there is some sort of reward built up
in heaven that goes with this pledge and I'm thinking there are going to be literally
hundreds and hundreds of people with the same pledge, $75, $75, $75, so I thought well
I should make mine $7501, there you go, and it'll put me on top, but then I thought well
other people will think of that, so I thought well I'll make you $76, but then that seems
easy too, $76 and a penny, it's like a combo of the two, but I'm afraid now that I have
announced that other people will do it. Yeah, so who should go shop for a coffin?
Who should go shop for a coffin? Yeah.
Dick Cheney? You don't talk that way about our vice president.
Fran, if you like, if you pledge generously, you know, you could go shop for a coffin.
That guy's stupid, he didn't even know, he showed me how stupid he was, 201-209-9368.
You should go show up for a coffin, this coffin talk.
Yeah, I just wanted to talk about some coffin stuff.
Yeah.
What kind of wood would you use to build a nice coffin?
I don't build coffins, I shop for them.
This is stupid.
You sound stupid.
You guys talking about building a coffin?
You gotta send people shopping for coffins.
201-209-9368
If I'm you you're on the air yeah I got someone that should buy a coffin it's me I used to
work for I used to work for Netscape with Frank from we hawking but I sold all my stock
You sound stupid, why don't you go shop for a coffin?
Let's call and talk 201-209-9368
If I'm you, you're on the air.
Hello.
Yeah.
Let's go and get a coffin.
What?
go for the shop for a coffee. You sound stupid. You sound weird also. FM you you're on the air.
Yeah I think you should go shop for a coffee. What? I think you should go shopping for a coffee.
Yeah what's that? Because you still live in your parents house and you drink beer.
I'm in my bedroom.
Yeah, but it's in your parents house, so.
Yes, so?
It's a hard day, lay off.
All right, I'm sorry.
So who should go shop for a coffin?
Uh, Jack Nicholson.
Jack Nicholson?
Yeah.
I agree with you.
I mean, I love you.
It was time to go shop for a coffin.
FM you're on the air. Hey, you know who needs to go shop for a coffin? Yeah, who's that?
The obesity of America. Yeah, America's obese. Yeah, just the obese, Americans. Yeah, go shop for a coffin.
You sound stupid. FMU, you're on the air.
I'd like this shot for a coffin.
This shot for a coffin for my ex-husband.
You're the grave digger anyway.
What is that?
Is this Terry?
Yeah, you sound stupid.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hello, is this a coffin?
Yeah, it's a coffin talk.
I know someone said vampire earlier, but I think maybe vampire weekend
What's vampire weekend? Is that a band?
Yeah, they're banned and they're kind of popular now. They were on Saturday live. Yeah, that sounds stupid
They should go shop for a call and so should you
201 209 9368
FM you you're on the air
Who me? Yeah. Hi. Hi. Um, in your bedroom. Uh, I'm in my basement. You drinking a cold beer?
A little, uh, glass of wine. Yeah, wine's stupid. Who should go show for a coffin?
Yeah, well, I wanted to... Can I go back to the... I love you, but...
What's that? I love you, but I think
coffin, talk needs a coffin.
What? I think coffin. You sound stupid. FM you're on the air. Yeah, I'm in my room. Yeah, you sound like a cool guy. Yeah, I'm checking a 40 in the brown bag. What? A 40 man in the brown bag. Yeah, yeah, a hard day. My boss is always riding me. Yeah, he sounds like a real jerk. Who needs a coffin? Who? My boss. Yeah, your boss isn't stalking me, Tom.
You don't even need a coffin.
Yeah, that's a good guy.
First good caller of the night.
F.M.U. you're on the air.
Hey Tom.
Yeah.
In your bedroom?
I'm out of beer.
You drinking a cold beer?
I'm out.
You're out?
I'm depressed now.
No, you sound stupid.
F.M.U. you're on the air.
Yeah, I'm sitting at home in my living room drinking the glass of wine.
You're not worried about your parents yelling at you. No, man. They're the next door
Up stairs
You sound stupid
FM you you're on the air. Hi this coffin talk. Yeah, I
That guy that wanted vampire weekend to go shopping for a coffin. Yeah that guy should go shop for a coffin
Yeah, you like them. I do like them. Yeah, what's your music sound like? I?
I don't like the strokes with strings.
Yeah, that sounds stupid.
Why don't you go shop for a coffin?
FM, you're on the air.
Hey, Tom, how's it going?
Yeah.
It's the sitting in the bedroom drinking beer.
Yeah.
And you know, detective McNulty.
You should go shop for a coffin.
What's that?
Detective McNulty.
I don't know what that is.
Yeah, on the wire.
You sound stupid. FMU, you're on the air.
This is Ronnie. I'm drinking a Sierra Nevada in a pint glass.
Yeah, you sound stupid. FMU, you're on the air.
Oh, hey Tom. I think some of the people who should go shop for coffee would be the people who sold out the people in Bear Stearns.
I don't even know what that is. Is it the woods or something?
And it's got bare arms wrapped all around it.
And some of the people who sold out
the people during the Katrina crisis, that was terrible too.
Yeah, you sound stupid.
FM, you're on the air.
Pump?
Yeah.
Oh, my roommate can get it by a coffin
because I want to go to bed.
Yeah, you sound stupid.
I can't do it anymore, I can't do it anymore.
The people demanded my voices hurt the hurts.
Oh, what was that?
Uh, FMU, you're on the air.
Oh, it's cousin Bruce.
See, I think that modern music should...
What? FMU, you're on the air.
Oh, I missed coffin talk, huh?
Yeah.
You only had 48 minutes.
I missed all the fun.
I'm having a cold beer, though.
Good for you.
Hell yeah, man.
Get off my phone.
FMU, you're on the air.
One no more car.
FMU, you're on the air.
Here it comes.
Done.
Done with coffin talk.
How long did I do that for?
Is that a half hour?
Good brother, oh my back hurts, I'm coughing talk.
Everybody should check out at 11 p.m. if you're not listening to a nickel and dime radio of
course, small change, if you're watching TV the human giant is on at 11 p.m.
11 on MTV very funny last week's episode top-notch hard to top if they mess it up
they should go shop for a coffin FM you you're on the air hello hello hi who's
this this is Kent Kent Kansas City Kent from Kansas City how are you tonight
pretty good do well I used to call you a lot when you first started your show as
My am alter ego came me the wrench. Yeah, that was a while ago, but I've been listening to the game
And I love it. Yeah, right. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Can I tell you who had put in the coffin?
No, who should chop for a coffin
You should chop for a time machine. We did that already
FM you you're on the air. Hey time. How you doing? It's Paul from Rockaway Paul from Rockaway. What's going on buddy? Hey?
I just I took I have a question for you has nothing to do with the topic or the coffins or anything. I was just wondering
This week I was I have I was driving to the train station and I heard on the radio
newscast and I
I question what the the DJ was saying and I it was kind of upsetting me
I won't go into it, but I wrote a little letter to the DJ and which is something I never do, but
She responded, but I wanted you to tell me whether or not this was a one of those standard
replies.
Who's the DJ?
I'm a little embarrassed, but what is the Q104 Shelley Sunstein was the news broadcast?
What's wrong?
They didn't play Won't Get Fooled again?
I was furious.
no it was uh... she was saying something about the news
and it had to do with politics and i was there was uh...
he kind of breathed over something that kind of maybe it was right after obama
speech can you open that door a notch mike
you're you're uh... the door that divides us
that keeps us apart
it's hard for me to not hear you
so she she uh... you wrote to a classic rock dj i did
who said something about uh... barack obama speech will you you know that
famous pichy gave last with the last tuesday yeah about race relations yes
and her
comment i know she's probably reading it from the associated press i realize
that but i felt like i could just call attention to the fact that what she said
could be
taken the wrong way after you know i i mean it was a pretty important speech
very powerful
no matter how you feel about obama i think that most people with a head on
their shoulder can agree it that
there's a good speech
but uh... her one word
uh... sentence of it
of the you know
summary of it was totally distorted in my mind and kind of have a negative
uh... feel so i think i'm just going to go to work and i'm going to type in a
little and what was her summation of she did one word i don't know exactly the
the phrasing but it was like
uh... obama
denounces
reverend right
but doesn't dismiss him that's exactly what she said
and i felt like that
totally did misrepresented the speech
and so i was
i was angry
so i had decided to i was very polite and i said you know
i understand you're very busy and it's a short brought you know they have a
like three minutes to do it
but uh... i told her the reason why i thought it was uh... you know
kind of a distortion
and uh... after that
to uh... look at the speech
you know listen to the speech again and i'd just
i just felt like i needed to get it out of my system so she responded
i know i know i don't know how to go now i'm not forward with you
uh... okay
well she responded i can i it's a
just one paragraph sure let's hear it tell me if it's a stand as right
Hi, Paul, I understand what you're saying.
Unfortunately, I have a three-minute newscast
that has to include sports, weather, traffic, and news,
which limits me to doing stories in just the line or two.
It's frustrating for me, too.
I appreciate hearing from you, good or bad.
Please let me know where you live
and what time you listen,
and I will say hi to you, warmly, Shelley.
Now...
Yeah, that sounds like you got half of a personal message
and half of a promotional message.
That's kind of how I felt.
yet but i ask you something
just go ahead why so mad
that it you know this person is constrained by this thing
and they're reading off a thing and what do you do get your news off uh...
station place uh... two for tuesday's
i know i know i don't know what i'm going to explain uh... on the way i have
like a five-minute drive uh-huh
rain station yeah and i like to hear music and i have to admit i like
from classic rock you know there's not many
stations
uh... fm you in the morning is not my
cup of tea for music
and uh... so i think i'd go to the classic rock i'd go to you know
so you know i'm stuck with that product yet you know if only there were stations
that get that provided news
well you know i'm not a big and i don't listen to the radio for the news
on the way to the apparently you do that
probably you want it all
i i was exactly you want to hear layla and get in depth news coverage
It's true I know that maybe I'm asking too much you want to you're asking way too much head off my phone
For a woman's trying to play records
She doesn't have any choice and what she's playing she gets told what to play
She's got to read these things fast before 20 commercials
She got this guy riding her this guy was there's what's this guy want BBC news?
She's trying to get things in there before the Beatles block.
Sick. It's a sick world. No one's happy.
No one's happy.
I didn't even get to read this article on the Shock Jock Boot Camp.
I will do that next week.
I am tearing it out of the magazine so it stays at the station.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi.
I'm listening to your show.
My name is Jeff, Tweety.
Jeff Tweety, huh, from Wilco?
Oh, yeah, you've heard of us.
Yeah, cool.
What was the name of your first album again?
Oh, it was called A.M., you know,
that was when we were a little more like,
all country rock.
Yeah.
You know, with being there,
there was more of like a departure
to kind of experimental pop,
a little darker, a little more introspective.
Right.
And then we got a little into this, you know, kind of like, I guess, synth pop in the,
synth pop.
A little more experimental, and as I do recall, you did not like some of our material and
in fact, the bass on the air, or some of my publicists told me.
Goodbye.
They're right in his bits.
I don't like this.
I don't like it.
I gotta say tonight's show, tonight's show gets an F, if I put the show in front of a radio teacher, an F.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey Tom, it's Mike from Manhattan.
Mike from Manhattan, what part of Manhattan?
Uh, up town, up a wet side.
Very fancy.
It is, I'm a fancy Mike, I appreciate the name.
What can I do for you, Mike?
I was listening to the archives.
I gotta tell you, ma'am.
If there's any way you can bring in Jimmy Crespo.
Bring him in for an interview.
Love that guy.
We'll see.
Who knows what the best show holds.
Do we lose you?
I think we lost you.
Oh, no, no.
Yeah, we lost you.
Too bad.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi, Tom.
who's this Victoria Victoria yes calling from South Carolina South Carolina
how are things in South Carolina tonight they are well they're good you like it
down there yeah who's the pride enjoy of South Carolina who's what who was the
pride and joy of South Carolina I am that's the spirit I love it
Well, Tom, I need your advice.
Yes.
Here's the deal.
OK.
I have a boyfriend.
I'm a straight girl.
But I have a strong desire to have sex with another woman.
And I don't know what to do.
I don't know anything.
I'm running some porno show here.
That belongs in the bedroom.
Not on the radio.
What is it?
It was his love line.
not enough outlets for that stuff
not enough outlets
got kids listening
that this crowd is uh... orton here's a who
you should be able to play this show and orton here's a who uh... back-to-back
my goal is that this show is rated g not even p g
I see some of the filth that passes
for a PG rating these days.
Drill bit tailor.
Try to bring family, see drill bit tailor.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, how you doing?
I'm doing all right, who's this?
Hi, my name is Ross.
Where are you calling from, Ross?
Markham, Illinois you lost a you got a little loud there for a second. I'm I'm sorry I raised my voice
Yeah, I know that upset you we had a pep rally
Yes, I'm at a pep rally. I'm I'm right in the middle of a pep rally talking through an old-time timey megaphone
Yeah, how old is the town of Horton? Here's a hole
How old is the town of Markham, Illinois
I remember in the 70s it was 50 years old like I was a kid then
About 50 years old then so it's about you know
Add it up yourself
Added up myself you added up tell me to add it up
Which line is he on get off my phone?
Add it up yourself
You can't add 50 and 50?
If I'm you, you're on the air.
So amo!
Goodbye!
Come here.
I just wanted to say hi to you, personally.
What?
I just wanted to say hi to you.
To who?
You, Mike.
You?
I don't know you.
You wanted to talk to me?
It's me, Mike.
What's going on?
No, it's not Mike.
it sounds nothing like Mike yeah it's me Mike you know what I found out by the
way you know you know I found out as you all know my goal this this uh can you
open the door just a little just that's right no can you open it it's okay that
you come in and out I don't care about that just that I can hear him he gives
me he runs the show out there he's like the guy up in the booth hung the
Quarterback what to do
Y'all know I'm trying to uh the this book dilemma is haunting me. I've talked about it a thousand and one times
Just found out two people are writing books
My nephew is writing a book
He's writing some episode guide to that HBO tell me you love me
and that's bad enough right Mike's writing a book behind the scenes he's gonna blow
the lid off the show I found out he's talking all these people off the air
It's getting behind the scenes interviews, talk to Evan Funk Davies, talk to OC DJ, talk
to Small Change, try to find out what kind of creep I am, talk to people in the
phone room during the marathon, talk to Ted Leo, it's talking to Todd Barry, try to get
the load and he's writing the tell all book.
That didn't depress me enough.
I go into the Barnes and Nobles today, like I do every Tuesday before my show.
And yes, it is Barnes & Noble, it's not Barnes & Noble.
I go in and I'm greeted by two new books on the stand.
First book, a guy from Galaxy 500 in Luna wrote a book, Dean Wareham.
That guy's got a book out, Dean Wareham 1, Tom 0, then the worst one, I couldn't believe
it.
Let me find the name of this book.
Here is the name of this book, you know as a book out Richard Lewis.
Where is it?
Let me go to this site here.
Yeah.
Richard Lewis, the other Great Depression, is the name of his book.
And look at these mining new territory.
The other Great Depression, how I'm overcoming, on a daily basis, at least a million addictions
and dysfunctions, and finding a spiritual, sometimes, in parentheses, life.
This guy's got a book out.
Richard Lewis won, Tom Zero.
I gotta write a book.
I gotta write one of those 33 and a third books.
Take baby steps.
With an album I could write one of those about.
Cornerstone by Sticks.
Maybe I'll write one about Cornerstone.
Did you just write those things and send them in?
Is that how it works?
and they just print them or do you have to get clearance
fm you you're on the air
hey tom's listening to you
listen to you the final call the night perhaps how are you tonight
i'm well how are you doing okay
that's good
um... on this uh... this book thing yes um...
a buddy of mine just got a deal with
his writing partner
they're they're writing a book
just full of
like
sort of urban banalities just basically stuff
to say to your co-workers and whatever when you don't want to actually have
conversations with them
like stuff to say in the elevator stuff to say at the water cooler stuff to say
you know when you're standing in line at the cafeteria
that the whole book
that's the whole book
and they got the you got a contract to write it is actually writing a book
of
non-conversation conversation trying to want you up on the way out the door
yeah
i'm sorry
i didn't mean to be i didn't mean to read down
but uh... nephew's got a book coming out
mike's got a book coming out
dean warms got a book
richard louis has a book
paris held has like two books
donald trump has five
i'm at zero
you you want to do i i read about a guy the other day on the internet who
supposedly like
the most prolific author in the world author and giant quotation marks because
i guess what the guy does
is he he comes up with titles
and then puts them out and
till
somebody bites and actually buys it
and then he just assembled the book
from stuff he pulls off the internet
so he he's he's like he's listed as the author of all these books on like
everything you always needed to know about silly act disease or you know
uh... you know before station or whatever he just comes up with all these
titles
and then he puts them online and if somebody
buys one for like eighty five bucks
he then goes online and
assembles you know a hundred and twenty pages of the of anything
of anything of just you know the message board
you know stuff
and print it up and you know send it out i'm right one of these thirty three
and a third books that does it
you think you should just somebody put me in touch with those guys
who knows them
which the thirty three and a third guy's yeah
i i don't know but it would be you know
i'd you know you should just do novelizations of uh... you know uh...
drill bit now
mike yeah mike well there you go up so i'm sure somebody's already got that
You know what, I gotta go. It's time to go. Best show's over.
Alright, thanks.
Thanks, uh, listen to T.
Take you.
WFMU East Orange WXHD Mount Hope.
Worldwide on the worldwide web at WFMU.org.
The best show on WFMU has come to a close.
But with one thing goes away, another thing comes around.
And you are in store for three hours of, uh,
nickel and dime radio, small change coming up next
here on W.F.M.U.