The
S radio show ever.
Hey, who's this?
Oh, well, I'm in British Wales, Governor of Alabama.
Hi, it's Gerald Perlmutter.
Tom Sharpling governor of party
Hey, Tom, it's purple syrup
Hey, Tom, it's Mark Michaels
This is Richard Card, Richard Card
What's your name?
Baron
Baron
And well, what's inside the two?
I'm Christ
Maurice Kurtz
Horrifying
Hey, Tom, it's Bruce
Howdy
Who's this?
Genji Vitus
Genji Vitus
Yes, they have Rick Velodie at the wall
I guess who's one
I hate you
It's Peter
Hey, it's Steinberg
Mm-hmm
You are creepy
And I'm hanging upon you
Boing
Roger Depp
My name is Ollie Fairnock
I'll say it, you'll hear it, you'll do it, I'll get it, you'll learn it, I'll live with it, and you'll die without it.
Smash or trash.
There it comes, people.
Good day.
What's up, Thomas?
It's Justin.
Hey, it's Michelle.
Yeah, Tom.
This is Jim Ripple.
How you doing?
When I get to do the toilet talk now, the bar feel of the new century.
My name is Tom Riley.
I'm calling from New Zealand.
Hey, man, it's Brian.
Ted, don't stand with that tent pole.
It's a tent pole show.
Hey, this is Ted Lea.
What?
This is Pete from the Future.
Hi, Tom, it's DJ Terry Tate.
Hey, from Knoxville.
Super caller.
Go up to Tom.
My name is Mike Zajak.
Get off my phone, I don't care.
Hey, this is it, be pinned, man.
I'm going to go to bed now.
Bye, friend.
Hey, Tom, it's Gordon.
Hey, Gordon, how are you?
I was in a band in the early 90s.
My name is Terry Tate.
Tom, my name is Jeffrey Ludell.
It's a fat, diseased, wilder, ragged neck, isn't it?
The disenfranchised have a home now.
I'm the hero of the disenfranchised.
Okay.
I'm telling you the best show
I'm telling you the best show
dance
oh my oh my, i'm unshmo OPERATION
And life I know, pour upon a force
And take them all, and lie
And man, pause on
For my good, it's time to go
man
My
My
Marsh and butter, next year
Bad news can never give me it
Man, make it all, and die
Na, man, pause all
Sipper, well, do the last go down
And if it was much kind of a boat
Let's go down, if it brought me down
When I was head down on the road
All I said is it looks so pretty
And the get-o-free way is fast
Go down, drive, wanna stay alive
Won't make this journey last
Hella, hella, we are
Ain't nobody else gonna know the way she feels
Hella, hella, we are
And we never do the same again
You think I'll now live a whole worthy way the west goes down?
See the sad, we keep referring down, but it never will be fine
With time, with a lot of time, it's like a love I was friend
It's not a part of what you get, right?
You gotta take me back again
And you won't be on
Ain't nobody else gonna know the way she feels
And you won't be on
And you won't be on the day
I know time won't run, I won't get my right foot down.
If I put the sheets under, I'm this over,
I've got to get her out of town.
Get her out of town.
Yeah, it won't come all the way,
We're covering a glass on the radar's ground.
Still, I won't make this journey last.
Hella, hella, we all
Ain't nobody else gonna know the way that you feel
Hella, hella, hella, we all
And we're gonna take you
Say bye bye!
10
10
Thought the only only place was on the blue jet
Jet was a marvelous bull that's a such a major
Thought to be totally in the car, but you're not a real winner
Yes, and jet
I thought to make you words of me
Sucker a check, check it out
Check it out, check it out
I made her
One check to always love me
I made her
One check to always love me
I made her
But later
What'd you say?
Yeah!
For engine
I thought the major was a lead
cut for a jet and burn
jet and burn
living in a NCAA tone
no one can choose, always love me
I've made time
one jet too, always love me
reminder
watch-day and.
That's your fate
Yeah, with the wind in your hair
Of a thousand races
Climb on the back and we'll go for a ride
In the sky
Yeah
I thought the major of one is
We better eat some fruit, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah
And you checked, you know I thought you was a lady
Stop for a check, check, lady
Oh, you're a lady, oh no
WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA A W O I O G
Well, I'm gonna get together
Yeah, I'm gonna make it all better
But I don't know how I'm going to
Cause I don't know what she's going to
What I know is that she can be for me, cause she means what she says, what she means, what is the world like you don't even know me
Yeah, the sort of things below me
But I don't know what I've come to
Have you got another jump, I can move you
Now I don't know that she's a man for me
Baby, I'm just gonna slow down
There's a power we've started
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Whenever you want me, whenever you need me
I know that you're angry
You know where to try
This situation
We just go back to Blockchain
Everyday breathing
Forever you want me
Everywhere
Everyday breathing
Everywhere
Ever you want me
Everywhere
Maaaaaaaa..
It's fair and dark, darker than black
They never give it back, I feel like I ain't coming back
Because you, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
There's me alive, oh, my, my, my
Bear in me alive, oh, my, my, my
Buried me alive, oh my, my, my, my
Why?
The last thing I saw was a breeze
And now I'm dead, but more than that
I'm diseased, because you
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Bear and me alive
Oh my, my, my, my, my
Bear in me alive
Oh my, my, my, my
Bear in me alive
Oh my, my, my, my wife
F.M.U. You're on the air. Uh, are you still taking calls on superhero movie? Yes, did
you see it? Yeah, yeah. Um, yeah, I kind of like all those movies. You knew my favorite
character was in it? James. You got James. You got James. I changed James. I like them
I wish they don't apples are not my favorite fruit but now they are you got
James James you got James I just James James his toupee must be spinning around
on his head right now that cheap toupee he's got the ASPCA should take a look at
that toupee laying on his head
The best show, the double your weapon
The best show, the double your weapon
So where do you live?
My show!
W.S.B.U.
My show!
W.S.B.U
My show!
W.S.B.U
My show!
It's hard at time, I gotta put my heart at home.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah, there it is. Yeah! Hard Hat Radio.
How does that sound, Mike? Hard Hat Radio.
This is the best show on WFMU with Hard Hat Radio.
Jeepers, creepers. Four lines lit up? What is that about? That's terrifying.
This earlier than in the show? Four lines? By the way, this is the best shown WFMU.
My name's Tom Sharpling, your host for tonight's installment. We have a very
special surprise plan for you all tonight.
a very special announcement will be made
at the end of the show
regarding the future of one of the uh...
one of the principles of the show
let's just
get this thing over with
FM you you're on the air
hey tom
hey who's this
power caller dave
day from not so
how are you tonight young man
i am great
you know the end of the year uh... into the school year
i get tied up in uh... finals and now my kids are old enough that they're all
these activities going on
i got a little behind
with the best show
you got a catch up
i was left alone this weekend family went out of town and i i caught up uh...
with them within a week or two but i
I'd like to, I got two, the world is in a toilet.
Yes.
And I'm very excited, like I've never been
about this show before.
Really?
I think we can't let this lay here.
what, like here?
ghost somewhere.
Oh, no, it's a hit.
It's a hit.
This thing's got to, I want, I want, I want the.
I want this song to top the charts.
Well, here's, here's what I've got for you.
If you'll consider it, I'd like to pitch to you my idea for a video for the song.
All right.
Well, what would be in the video, power caller Dave from Knoxville?
It's in three sections.
First section in keeping with the way the song starts.
Very happy, joyful players of the guys in the band as he's doing the roll call of each instrument.
They're in an open-air venue.
Stage is covered, but the audience is kind of open.
He gets to the word Ted, and suddenly flames erupt all over.
Up in the roof, out in the crowd, gets to the end of that line.
The roof of the stage blows off.
The sky is red, and then there's a white out.
That's how the first section ends.
I like that.
All right, you get to the second section.
Okay, here we go.
Little time has passed.
You you you can tell that a little time has passed because Ted's got a little bit of a beer a little bit of a growth
Where he's been having to live out in the streets like he's like a he's a he's a he's like a man in the wilderness
That's right. He's making his way
And he's been holed up with a few like-minded people in a grocery store and the pharmacist of it the pharmacist
The far with the pharmacist. Yes. He's wearing a t-shirt
And he's got a button that says meet his murder
Okay, but he's at the end of a
Two or to say a two-week period and all the food that appeals to him is basically gone
Of the grocery store and go out onto the streets and figure out some way to survive
and he's walking down the street now the song's playing of course in the
background and he sees a group of kids teenage kids kicking a soccer ball
around all right and he gets over closer he notices the ball is not bouncing
properly and it rolls kind of funny and they're kicking it off the wall back and
forth well one kid rares back and this is coming up to the second chorus okay
So just before the line was pull ever,
and just before the world is in the toilet
for the second time.
Yeah, all right.
Kid kicks the ball against the wall.
And that ball is a...
It's a human head, yes.
That they've put inside a tote bag,
sewed up and painted it to look like a soccer ball.
Now, I don't wanna get into crass commercialism
and marketing strategy,
but I think there's a real opportunity here.
okay because they're certainly going to be a nationally run version of this
video
but also going to be played regionally
so i think prepare three versions
okay
in red states
the head that rolled out of the bag is how we're being
uh... uh...
and blue states it's donald rumsfeld
yeah
for the international market
it's the most universally hated american
bob saggot james
bobsack okay
so whoever uh...
whichever had rolled out it's like that shot in aliens where the head uh...
is knocked off of the robot and it's sort of facing up
uh... when you get to the chorus
whichever one of the three it is
sort of zombie eyes pop open and it sings along with the world is in the
toilet
you know what
this sounds like a hit
all right can i give you the last section yes i'm ready to report this is
it
uh...
some more times past his beard's gotten very long
he's scraggly you know he's having trouble finding food
somehow he finds himself on the shore big steve might actually have to shave
for this uh... part
big steve yeah i think you've passed in this
he's a drummer in these he is the farmers oh oh i thought you miss steven
hollywood i
i got you goodness gracious now
okay steve from hollywood
maladdin ada
and that jinx
ten miles within this time
all right you can't even watch it
so
it's still got his meat is murder button hanging on there are there
patter's okay on beard the other pharmacists are stagging around with
uh... he's very hungry and there are groups
six seven eight people and they've made little homemade spits and on those
spits they are roasting large rats and this is what it's come to this is how
people have to live and there's a stream that outlets into the ocean and
every so often there's an explosion and the this got to go quick obviously
because we're coming to the end of the song explosion in the background the
stream bubbles up and there's eight or ten rats swimming in it so there's
something upstream blowing up and these guys dive in the water and grab a rat
put it on their spit. Ted's looking down at his meat as murder button. He's so hungry he takes it
off and throws it to the floor. He and the pharmacist go gather around the stream for
the next group of rats and we get to the final little bit about this was supposed to be my
moment of triumph. They see off in the distance one rat riding down and they're all kind of
hunched down getting in position to grab it and it comes by to match with the
word triumph. Ted jumps in and grabs that rat holds it up but it's not a rat it's
a rat he'll to pay and the video in yes that's my vision the masterpiece I have
no talent it'll require a lot of computer graphics but we have PD right
Yes, Pete. I'm sure yes. We're in good hands. Okay. You have P.D
All right, the trouble hit me like a dream yesterday. I just had to share it
We got a you got an I.M. from Ted Leo during this just so you know Ted Leo
I am he said if Dave has me eating any meat other than people meat gump him. I
Guess I'm gone
But you he was gonna eat he's eating to pay meat
Well, he winds up not eating meat at all. So I've saved him from that fate
so it was like the temptation of Ted Leo that's right I don't know what he's
gonna eat you know moments after that but it ends with him not having eaten me
I don't like it I love it thank you sir let's go film it we only need 8.5
million dollars now I'm gonna go down on highway I'll start taking up donations
all right Dave thank you sir congratulations on finishing another
school year
well thank you
that was well i mean summer school every day now
but uh...
you can kinda coast on those kids that's the big bucks that's right
and you know what i have
uh... every uh... class
has been introduced to the best
so i'd like to call her poster play the lecture from the show
that's fantastic you bring in a couple old uh... will you bring some archy
comics
throw them and let them read them and then you uh...
you can uh... stare out the window
I like that old Bark Harman movie.
Like the movie Summer School.
Yeah, that's a good movie.
Yeah, it's just like that.
I like that movie Summer School where it was like,
why are any of you, you look at the kids
who were in that movie.
It's like they were like,
they looked like they were 36 years old.
Right.
It's like one of those movies.
It's like, like the one kid's got a receding hairline.
It's like, eh, we're just kids.
You see.
We're just hanging out.
It's like, wow, you look a little older than Mark Harman.
You see Transformers the first the movie I have not seen Transformers yet
I cannot get a copy of it the girlfriend and that's what it's about thirty five
The girlfriend who is the girl who's girl friend? I love her move
She's about thirty five Megan Fox. I think her name is there you go
She is the most sophisticated high school student. I've ever seen in my life
from the mind of Michael Bay
Oh Dave, thank you so much. Great call. Welcome, great start.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hello, Tom.
And there it goes. Right down the toilet.
Oh. How are you tonight, Spike?
I'm doing just fine. I think Ted Leo and the pharmacist should perform a free concert.
you think they should perform a free concert a
oh yeah
would you attend it
i guess i would
oh boy
oh boy
well you would attend it would you go up and introduce them
if i'm asked to get
if they ask a wait a minute if tedley in the pharmacist ask you to introduce
them
and i don't know york
you'd go up
yes i would
let me see if we have a way we might be able to work this out
so what summer plans do you have spike other than in introducing the uh...
uh... introducing tedley on the pharmacists
all probably
take a trip to washington is that where you settled on you were you were uh...
you're not sure where you were going to land
yeah i think i was all stuck with washington
it or
lost in the visit friends
let me just uh... when is the for all on one second
we're working on this right now we're working on getting you to intro this
this free show
because deadly when the farmers is just so you know
have a free show coming up on july seventeenth
the battery park
and what that
during the week or on the weekend or
july seventeenth is a
let's see
the thursday
oh no
that's not going to work
oh no we've got to make this happen
because i worked on the way
not in the dungeon mind normal job yeah your normal job at the where do you
work in a hardies
now i work for the government
well that's right
are you like it
you're not like hellboy working for the government
in some weird thing where they have you in a couple other uh...
cooks
couple other uh...
super weirdos
saving the world
and i think we have enough of those in the white house
hold on a minute
i have an idea
get ready for this
spike force
what do you think about that idea
all they make a movie out of it all that sounds lovely you'd be you
right and you're you're actually like superman
you want
you get this is what happens
get ready you're at an outdoor concert
right right in northern new jersey seeing like some god forsaken do what
uh... spectacular
that that has uh... twenty five people at it
the Orioles are out on the stage what was their big hit again
crime in the chapel nineteen fifty three they're on stage doing crying in the
chapel the one original oriole still out there
rolled out on his bed
with his oxygen tank
they're doing it and all of a sudden
a lightning bolt
comes down
and hits you
or no it hits the orioles
and then it bounces off them and hits you
so now you are transformed into you're you're a superhero now
okay
what powers would you have
other than the power to uh...
decree people out
all i would say the world like how you didn't challenge that
also
you accepted
did you possess the power the power to creep people out
but let's just move on neither here nor there
you would want to change would you want to fly
would spike
superhero fly
i guess
would you be a would you have super strength
Okay. What other powers would be in your arsenal?
Oh, let's see. The power to make sure no one ages over the age of 25.
So you mean you'd keep kids, kids?
That's right.
But then there'd never be any new adults.
Well, we'll get rid of the kids.
You don't have that power. You haven't given that power a whole lot of thought. Let's just jump forward rather than your power to suspend age.
Make sure everyone is 25 and older.
Why don't you just make that power that people have their age written on their forehead?
Oh, that sounds like a nice idea.
So do that too.
Hello mayor like picture like like a villain is attacking the city
So it like super spike we need you
They put the signal in the air. What would your signal be like the what would be the equivalent of the bat signal?
I feel like a do-op 45 projected up into the sky
You're down in the dungeon
sitting on your orange crate eating
eating a
healthy choice meal
from a microwave that you
Found on this on the sidewalk
right mm-hmm
The mayor needs me
Right and then you go into the dungeon and you come out in your costume
Like that's like your phone booth like Superman, right? Okay, and then you fly through the air mm-hmm
And the monster you'd battle would obviously be like who what like Hillary Clinton
Oh, let's see, Gloria Steinem,
Kittycat, you know, just irritating people.
Yes, you'd battle, so you'd battle any woman who...
Not just women, not just women. Oh, not just women. But you would battle any woman who
sticks up for themselves and feels that they have equal rights.
Well, that's true, yes. Okay, yes. Alright, wow, you're accepting that.
Right, and then there's also the usual degenerates
of society
i would get frankie liamon
like the
nuke kitty cats nuke
seance
seance jenny from the bedroom
madonna
you don't have a name for madonna
well it's a name it's one of seven words i can't bet george carland
make sure you couldn't stand there enough you know what your respectful uh...
caller i appreciate that
you know that that's not to get powder puffed daddy
or whatever he's calling himself nowadays
powder puffed up up daddy okay
so you would battle them you'd be like
you'd almost be like taxi driver
well yes you'd be like my favorite movie you'd be like if super you'd be like
if travis bickle got hit by lightning and had superpowers
i like that i did better but that's my favorite what my favorite movie really
and maybe you have the power to like conjure up uh... the the monsters from
favorite movies like Chucky. Maybe you can turn into the different villains in
those movies. Right? Well they're not villains they're heroes but go on. Those
are villains. I'm sorry. Look you may you may like them but those are the villains
of the movies. The normal people are getting killed by them. That's usually
a villain. I mean the stupid people are getting killed by them but anyway go on.
go on I can go on now okay so so anyway maybe that's like your little squadron
those people or should you be able to conjure them what do you think I'd like
to conjuring up idea you like turning into Freddy yes all right I like this turn
into Freddy turning into Jason you know wearing the hockey mask would be not my
by machete taking care of the forty teenagers
i thought you didn't deal with uh... anybody under twenty-five
but you have no problem killing them
that's true that's right
they need to be sliced and diced
i hate teenagers they irritate me
i only take care of people who irritate me
i gotta say
i think we got a winner here between the uh...
the, the, the, the, the Ted Lee when the pharmacist video, we got a shoot now and this, I think
we've got a next summer planned out. What do you think? Lovely. Lovely idea. So I can
sign you for, for this, uh, super spike or spike force. Yes, yes, you can. Or the spike
in the horror squad. Are you going to see that movie Hellboy 2?
I might. Did you see Hellboy 1? No, I might buy the Davy Day eventually. All right. Fair
enough. Did you see the Zohann? No. No. I like having Sandler but I don't like his
movies
i think to what do you like about them
his interviews
no i didn't think when he does like
me used to do that in a lot of people you know
stand up or whatever
i like a net but it's movies now
like who's your well right now who is your favorite person on tv
i would
say judge duty
all right
How about when a spike needs a laugh?
What do you turn to?
Oh, I turn to, oh, let's see, the comedy channel,
or I pop in the DVD and watch movies like,
oh, I don't know, Last House on the Left.
No, I don't put it on your grave.
And you're creeping me out, goodbye.
Go away.
I didn't even get to backing out some music we played.
That crosses the line with that.
Yeah, you have to put on the last half on the left.
What do you laughin' at when he watches that stuff?
Yeah.
Just heard from the frogs, started us off,
buried me alive from their amazing first album
before they were
controversial before they were uh...
before they were vetting society through their music
Sloan
she says what she means
from the a sides win greatest hits collection big dipper with their cover of
jet
that's rare that's a rare seven inch split single to drugs
put out uh... from the uh... bucket full of brains
magazine not on the uh... big dipper uh... collection
mind you
the master
all macarney before that
hellen wheels
and starting us off
from a collection called
well
uh... i hate the name of this thing well hung
Twenty funk rock eruptions from beneath communist Hungary. That's not enough of a title
Volume one so they're gonna find more they're gonna find another 20 of these
funk rock eruptions from beneath communist Hungary on the finders keeper's label
Omega red star was the artist we heard and it's uh
eggy lani nem
meant haza
Finders keepers is the label. Track it down.
FMU you're on the air. Hi Tom. Hi who's this? This is Lori.
From Miami. How are you? Yes. Oh sorry. That's right. Okay. How are you? I'm doing
okay. Just okay. Um well yeah just okay. I still got this thing in my throat. This
This is a peach pit. I'm working to remedy it.
You're saying a doctor, I hope.
It's starting to diminish this thing.
Well, that's good. I hope you feel better soon.
No one does. No, people want me to die on the air.
No, I guess that would make good radio.
See? See? No, I'm kidding. I don't mean that.
No, you're half kidding. You're half kidding.
Okay, now drop that then I'll get strip the skin off me put me as one of those bodies things
So put me as a DJ
Embodies you know those are all Chinese prisoners
It'll be that Chinese prisoners and me Chinese political prisoners. That's what all the bodies are on display. That's great. I know yeah
That's actually true
So I was calling because I said yeah I was calling because I was wondering have you ever seen something so bad that you couldn't look away
Like James's toupee?
Yeah something like that I saw something on TV I was looking channel
what did you see okay so I like watching music videos when I play bells and do
boring stuff and I have about a bajillion music video channels I flip by BH1
soul yeah and then I realized no I have to go back and look at this it's Josh
Josh Groban, and a Sawito Choir doing some sort of South African ritual hymnal song.
And he's singing it in that voice, you know who I'm talking about, right?
Josh Groban, that guy, that guy?
Yes, singing it like that with like this Sawito Choir and stuff behind him, and it's just
It's so bad that I cannot believe it.
Did you buy the album?
Didn't you?
No, I don't.
You need to hear that song now, don't you?
Which one?
The song with the Soweto Choir, your host.
Oh, unfortunately, I don't think it is an album.
It was for Nelson Mandela's birthday.
Yeah, I'm sure that's exactly what Nelson Mandela wanted.
Well, he also asked Amy Winehouse to play his birthday.
He asked, he didn't ask for that.
Well his people I asked.
His people did.
No apparently.
Because 88 years old, he doesn't want that stuff.
Yeah, that was also a train wreck but not an Amy Winehouse's performance but not quite
as bad as Josh Grew and singing and so we do.
That was pretty awful and I posted it on the Friends of Tom board, it's really bad.
Tom board is the official radio show show board for this site. Friends of
Tom.com. It's the first thing I check when I get on the internet. As well it
should be. Yes. Okay well you have a great show. Thank you. Bye. FMU you're on the
uh...
did you hear me
who is this
what is it all
where you calling from your cb radio i mean you're your uh... sound system
now i was on the p a
on the squad car
i was on the squad car p a
i thought it might be interesting i guess not now it sounds good i wasn't
sure what it was
i was listening to some of these cool first of all i'd like to say that i would
Be honored to
Or addition for the next head leo in the pharmacist
video
You got the fast track I'm putting you on the fast track right now
Just I'd be happy with a bit part. It could be like a series all right
Mike wants in on it. Okay, Mike wants to do an old-fashioned soft shoe
He has a whole thing maybe maybe Mike and I could do like a cop thing. We could be like the two cops and
And um, in that, uh, what was that funny movie with the, uh, the kids?
Bad Lieutenant.
I actually...
I'm not Spike.
Now you're talking about what, Super Trooper?
No, no.
Um, I'm really, I'm upset at myself and I know the name escapes me at this moment.
It's like the guy that did knocked up, did that movie?
Oh, Superbad.
Superbad, yeah.
Exactly.
Yeah, we could be like the two cops in that movie. I
Love to see that you and Mike is cops in a movie. Yep. I would pay to see that movie
You know what I just wanted a newer cop on my department. I
Initiated him into the bad lieutenant. I actually ordered it on Netflix and
We had a quiet night one night and we were able to
watch it
Quiet and I wear at the station you're watching bad lieutenant. It was a midnight shift
We can squeeze in a movie every now and again, you're not supposed to be watching that movie. I
Think it should be mandatory
Watching material for all new recruits as a how not to I say right? Yes, yeah
Good. I'm good as long as you're on the year of course. You're on the right side of the law. I know you. Yep. I
I am on the right side now now so what's up with this guy's bike man I think
I don't know throws me off a bit you see look he throws everybody off a bit
you're lucky that he only throws you off a bit well you know I deal with a lot
of with the right word that I want to use dysfunctional people mm-hmm I deal
with a lot of regular basis so you know you really need to be extremely
dysfunctional before you even
make more of a blip on my radar than necessary
so he yeah so you you would uh...
he's got a he he you're you're antennae go up
with it
right
well because calling you
and i get concerned
you never know what some people
you know i like to think i have your best interest in mind
thank you you know i appreciate that no one's looking out for me
no one except you
you're the only one
i'm thinking that it is the summer we should do a uh... a personal appearance
after the show one day and i'll uh...
i'll be a bodyguard you want to know what yes i guarantee it there will be a
best show
uh... post-show thing after uh... after the show during the summer we will do
that
yeah i'll i'll send you my schedule or i'll clear it to be that i love it
you know i'll uh... people get to that you know i've
i have lost a little bit of uh...
of the closest with a lot of the uh... f o t
got our back earn it
yet you can get it back and you know i'm a whole of a marina yes
you'll get a day they should be showing you respect not the other way around
i'd like to i'd give respect to people that
you know deserve it
The main reason that I called you today is that I actually had a call, you know, as a cop, just yesterday.
That was one of those calls that actually made what little hair I have on the back of my head stand up.
Yeah.
I would label it possibly a paranormal call.
Really?
Really.
Now, you could send me into a bar fight on my own to break up like a 20-person biker gang fight
And I'll handle it with barely breaking a sweat. Mm-hmm
You send me into a house where the lady is claiming that her lights are going on and off and the doors are slamming open and shut
And I'm gonna be a little bit nervous
And you're scared get you
You don't like that
What's going on on the spirit, you know, you can't cuff a ghost, right? I can't pop them
Exactly
What are your feelings on that?
Supernatural. Yeah, not scared of it
I'm haunted. I'm haunted anyway. I got the ghost in my head
True, they don't shake. They don't shake out. They they follow me around
okay
it cleared i mean there was nothing there
but uh... but she actually called in to the police because her lights were
going on and off
she was sitting in her uh... living room watch in television last night was
probably around ten p.m.
and she said that all her kids were away at camp
with her and her husband and these are like well-adjusted people
you know
somewhat at least
and uh... you know million dollar house
and uh... watching tv and
they have uh...
probably one of those two-and-a-half story grand entrances
where you could you know what goes right up to the second floor
so she said that
report she said that the light
were going on and off
and the doors were
though her and her husband ran out of the house
with their cell phone and call the cops
jimba why do i show up why is she got a gold ghostbusters
Well, that's what I would have said.
Yeah.
You know?
Call Ghostbusters.
It's really not much I could do.
I'm not a priest, or I don't carry a little holy water
or anything like that.
Exactly.
What are you going to roll in there?
Are you going to roll in there with some sort of holy water
super-soaker?
Yes.
Yes, I should carry one of those, just in case.
You never know.
Don't bother.
You'll never get that call again.
No, no.
i've had a couple of these over my career i've had a couple of these weird
type one
but uh...
that was the most recent
and those are the ones that always throw me for a loop i guess because i get
them so infrequently
because you're in your out of your element
i am i mean i watch uh...
what's that gold punters
yeah scary show
yeah you know i i'm waiting to see some proof
gives you the creeps
i want to see some proof
you're courting it now though by talking like that
well i'm set up to the plate you're courting at the ghost are going to get
you now
now the ghost are going to get you
you just dared the uh... supernatural
he did it super natural not me
don't love me and with him
don't want me just on him
one time here only hot officer tom
you know it i'll tell you you can do with things when you work in the night
shift
like
three four o'clock in the morning when everybody's sleeping
driving around
from the weirdos come out
well they are out
and uh... at all the time anyway did you know
there's two people
two kinds of people that are out at the o'clock in the morning
who's that
cops and criminals
good guys and bad guys
back when it goes down
and i i i draw the line
you exactly you are the year this is where the law star stops and you start
correct to quote uh... cobra marion cobretti
all right in a while another good movie
that is a good movie
yes over
thank you officer tom when we look forward to seeing you at the summer meet
up which we will settle on a date and uh... line up would be very exciting
very good
you have a good night
they get
fm you you're on the air
my god i call straight out of the exercise to the
the heretic or something was that uh... yeah that i was a uh...
little creepy
and doing okay who's this
dot
stop what
yes
yes who's this
darren
from work oh okay yeah yeah yeah yeah hey darren how are you doing
he is so so so formal
what is it what is that i didn't know who it was i guess there's a lot of
callers
jeepers i'm sorry
i'm not i'm not apologizing or or or judging you
no apology could be too too big
i'm not judging you with this
i'm just saying i hear a lot of different voices on it and i can't always
now you're hearing voices too
like that i've had cop
no not like that
All right. Hey, well, I was clam because of a couple things.
Uh-huh.
Um, Pete, over in accounts tonight.
Yeah.
He said you still have that throat problem. Is that true?
Yes.
Ugh, I'm sorry.
That's all right.
No, you need for that.
What's that?
Well, we'll make it totally better, like right away.
Well, what is that?
Beer, cold beer.
That will not make it better.
It will.
It will do nothing. I can guarantee you that will not help.
Hey, how often would it be if your doctor could prescribe beer for you?
Well, that would not be real. So it's not even a possibility.
Oh, but it could be.
It could be.
Yeah, you would totally prescribe beer for you.
Who?
Dr. James Page.
I don't know that who that is.
Jimmy Page, you led dummy.
Jimmy Page.
Yeah.
What's that one?
Yes.
I've heard of it.
Haven't you heard about this?
I don't know anything about what you're talking about.
You are so, so stupid, Tom.
Oh, thank you.
So, so stupid.
Well, apparently Jimmy Page got some kind of doctoral, you know, from some college in
England.
Yeah.
And so, like, I guess he could, he's like a doctor now.
Really?
Yeah.
I wonder how I can get give me a page of me to be my personal position and that'd be awesome. I
Don't think that that's possible. I don't think that he's not that kind of doctor. Well sure he is. What can I doctor?
Izzy?
It's it's just a it's just a title that's bestowed on someone
When when these famous people get that they didn't do the they didn't do the work to get it
I'm next thing you're gonna tell me that Billy Joel's not a doctor. He's not it
No, he's not so he is not I know a guy that goes to him
Who goes you know a guy who goes to see Billy Joel. Yeah for what I?
He's like his doctor. I think that's that's what he tells me. I don't believe that for a second
Rick and maintenance. He says that
he goes to see Billy Joel that's what he said that they told me I believe him
why don't you believe him because it's insane that's why Billy Joel's not a
medical doctor he is no he was given he was given that title so that he would
show up somewhere and receive the the the recognition the I don't really
agree with that but can you imagine going down to Jimmy Page's office and
And while the nurses are like prepping you for like your vasectomy or whatever, and you
and Patey are jamming on black dogs, I can't, you know what I can't, well that's not black
dog.
No, it's black, it's black dogs, you want me?
Yeah, I know that, but that song that you just did is not black dogs or black dog.
there it is!
Well that's communication breakdown.
What's that?
It's, it's a song off the first Led Zeppelin album.
Well, will agree to disagree on that?
Hey, speaking of bands?
Yeah.
I am so bummed out.
Well, why is that?
Well, as you may have heard, I've been working on this super cool new secret project.
I heard none of that.
I have known it.
As I may have heard, I don't know anything about it.
I guess I just assumed that the double C was a buzz with this.
The double, I have no idea what that is, the double C.
It's where we work?
Oh, consolidated cardboard.
I've never heard of referred to as the double C.
Well, you're not hip enough to use the double C.
I guess is what it boils down to.
Oh, so that's the thing that the cool people
that were at work.
Pretty much me, Joe, Don, Elaine, Sheila, Brad, Todd,
Mike R, Mike L, Mike J, Troy.
What about Wayne?
Wayne had also used it pretty much all those people and probably a lot more.
Really?
Well, okay.
I've never heard it.
Not judging you though.
Well, whatever.
You kind of did, but let's just tell me what this project is, the secret project.
it's this new band i got and
we're about to play our first show on the twenty-third over at the lunch
pet
that new club only has chosen week they afternoon
where it is right now on the three hundred forty seven street
you know i passed that place
which one is that is that the the the one that looks
with like the blackened windows
absolutely yes it's right it's right near where they found that guy uh...
Kurt Gaceburn's left hand last week. Did you read about that in the paper?
No
Well, he was running for you know for mayor. Yeah. Yeah, I guess he's he's he dry. He dropped it home
And they found his hand over in that neighborhood. Okay. Wow. He's alive
But but they found his hand so he's out too, you know
Geez
So so you're gonna play at that place
I'm out, too. I want to tell you that, too. You're out of the race? Yeah. I gotta say, I barely remembered you being in the race. No offense. Yeah. Well, thanks. No, I threw my hat in there. I just don't want to do it anymore, you know?
Man, how many people is that that dropped out now over the last week? Oh, I don't know. I've heard like at least six or seven or so. Yeah, geez. Yeah, I just don't want to do it. You know, it seems like if I won, which I probably would,
I just wouldn't get to spend any time with my family.
That's what everybody else said.
Did they?
Yes.
Well, yeah, it's worth a, like, sense of divorce.
Uh-huh.
You really miss those people.
Your family?
Yeah.
Yeah.
This has nothing to do with that family.
What family?
You know, I can't even remember the last name, the chocolate.
Um...
Um...
now why
helps burn
uh... how about that about that about that
uh...
uh...
halberson
halberson okay yeah
you sound so nervous
who does saying their name you you just you just sounded like uh...
like uh... uh... uh... lu costello
what era
uh...
Lou Costello from Abbot and Costello.
Who's he? Abbot and Costello? Who is he?
No, it's a comedy duo.
But Abbot and Lou Costello, you never heard who's on first?
I don't know who to who's on first.
What's that?
Who's on first?
Yeah, you know that bit you asked me. I
Don't know who's on first too. Like is it a baseball team?
No, it's a comedy routine that admin Costello Abbot and Costello did called who's on first and they play first base on a team
Well, no, I still don't get this. What is it? It's a routine. It's like a little skit
It's like very nice lives
It would it would have been on Saturday night live back in the past
yes
if there's a saturday live was on in the
when i have it in costello uh... we're doing their thing
okay
they showed that first episode that i did see it
of of what uh... saturday night live no idea
how was it
was great probably two of my favorite musical acts
uh... who was that
uh... billy pressman
and janet uh... uh... janet
those are two of your favorites
yeah would you play at seventeen at some point
i don't know if i'm going to get to that tonight all please
i'll say i'll say i'll try
i'll try
we are so far off off a while calling them so sorry yeah we got caught up in
the who's on first time
my new band
we call our music center rock
center rock
like cinema
okay
movies meet rock and roll
movies meet rock and roll
yet but one specific movie meets rock and roll okay all well okay you threw me
for a second i thought you were saying movies comma
meet emmy a t
com like i like that too and rock and roll
that could be my next and
you i gotta get in the band together
i don't i don't i don't i think that you're so good here those days are
those days are behind me
i think they are there not behind me
what me playing base or the or these days uh... my rockin day uh...
you think you're mad at me
i'm not mad at you i'm just i'm just
because
well i'm pro i'm growing dreadlocks and you're not is it
you know what
that's a good point what what what what are you doing with those
they look great don't they i mean they start off small
all the reggae guys they started off their their dreadlocks yeah all the
reggae guys
i don't know i don't know if it's hardly
uh-huh the other guys
yeah great great real
uh... you know i don't uh...
i don't know if it's the right look for you
i think it lowers my age by at least ten years
i i don't know about that i think it's made
The only word that comes to mind is like troubling.
Like I'm trouble walking like that kind of thing.
No.
I can live with that.
No, like you're troubled.
I am trouble walking.
No, it's not.
You know, there's a difference between being trouble and being troubled.
It makes it look like you have serious problems.
wait what you're really I don't seems to like my hair I don't know if they do
or are they who said they like it well Sheila did uh-huh you a larson sure
oh I know Sheila you really how are you know her not no just in passing at work
I know who you're talking about would keep it that way no okay don't worry
Oh, so what's my favorite movie?
Your favorite movie.
Yeah.
What movie have I been quoting since we saw it as kids at the New Bridge
singleplex back in Haiti?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Caddy Shack.
Yep.
Uh-huh.
My new band?
Yeah.
It's called the Speckler Smales Alliance.
What is it called?
The Speckler Smales Alliance.
The Spackler Smells Alliance.
You are such a bushwood dummy.
Mm-hmm.
I don't know what that really is.
Carl Spackler?
Yeah.
And Judge Smells?
I know Judge Smells is Ted Knight.
Yes.
Who's Carl Spackler?
The Round Keeper.
Oh, Bill Murray?
Yes.
And what alliance did they have?
no and that's what's that's what's ironic about it
in in the movie they didn't but in in in the world of the band
it's powerful and what
yet like almost like the hit their jesus alliance
i don't know what i i don't even want to know about
all our songs are about caddy shak
really
yet and we had this one song you're gonna love it
It's cause you'll get nothing and like it.
Uh-huh.
I play funk bass just, you know, just a pop in those strings like flea or a Ross
Valerie.
Sure, sure.
Ross Valerie.
It could have been you.
Ross Valerie from Journey?
Absolutely, yeah.
Okay.
We played some funk every now and then.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
I mean, I think of Journey as being a heavy funk band.
We had some funk chops.
Oh, definitely, yeah.
Really?
Oh, yeah, Neil Sean.
Greg Raleigh.
They had bunk chops absolutely until the other guy came and screwed it up who
Steve Smith the drummer
Okay, you you don't like him. No no no he's too fusing me. Uh-huh. I don't like it
So he kind of took away their their their pure funk chops absolutely
Yeah, they would have been a whole a whole different breed
I mean can you imagine like any of those songs on a skate if they were like bunked up
Yeah, I don't want to even think about that well our other songs. I think you'll love those two. Yeah
We have this one called a certain zest for living. Yeah
And we had this other one. It's like a like a green bay kind of song
And we have one called greasy Grammy go for guts. Uh-huh. We have this power ballad called night putting
you're doing the full thing. How many songs do you have altogether?
It's like 30, but this is 30.
Oh, yeah. There's one called Timey Up with Your Ties, Ty.
All right. No, okay. This is fine. And these are all,
every song is in reference to Caddy Shack.
Absolutely. Yeah, we're really good. But I'm really bummed out.
uh-huh why was that because the show that we're
book to play our first show
yeah i just i just found out it's with four other
concept bands
really
yeah we thought we were the only band doing this
big what what what other concepts
well there's one band uh...
called the cock-toe stones
well i'm sorry what are they called
cock-toe stones
okay and what what is their concept
They're a Fletch themed band.
A what theme?
Fletch, the movie Fletch?
A Fletch themed, oh okay.
And they do songs from the movie Fletch.
Absolutely, yeah. They do a one really good song that I found on My Place.
Uh-huh.
Sure, My Space.
No, this is called My Place. It's kind of like a different version of it.
Really? There's a site called My Place, okay? It's a little dirtier.
No, great, okay. Well, let's...
Yeah, so they do Fletch inspired songs.
Yeah, and they have this one really good song.
Yeah.
It's called It's All Ball bearings nowadays.
And what is that?
Is that a line from Fletch?
Oh, yeah.
You've never seen Fletch?
No, I have seen.
I've seen Fletch more than once.
I just don't have it memorized.
Oh, well, they also have this other song called,
Can I borrow your towel?
I just ran over a water buffalo.
And what are those, all like Chevy Chase quips?
Yeah, why?
okay i'd like i'm not judging i'm just i'm just
it's a unique concept for a band and it's it's very
it's very a very narrow concept
wait to hear about raging bull
okay
well is that a band about raging bull
tonight court band
oh okay i was
so i think it was
i thought it might be about the movie raging bull the classic movie
now that's stupid
out that that that that would be stupid you're right not
as opposed to a uh...
as opposed to a band that's uh...
attribute to uh...
supporting character on uh... night court
the subject and you're not going to like you do that
well what's that
sergeant hulka
sergeant hulka i know that name
what is that from
tripes
Only all the songs are based solely on Warren Oates's lines who was starring Hulk in the movie
Wow, that's a very
narrow
Scope really is but but some of their I mean, I don't like them. I'm their enemy for light
But some of their songs are okay lighting up Francis. Welcome to Italy
I bet you'd like to take a swing at me. I'm getting too old for this S. Uh-huh. Yeah, wow, so that's that wow that is
that's nuts it is not and you know I'm really mad about also what's that they
have completely ripped off the melody of a certain Jesper living really with
the song that they have called I don't know what kind of SU guys pull the
graduation but there's no glamour detail we're on really yeah so so so it's it's
competitive in that world well I don't even know these other bands existed
until like a couple days ago uh-huh yeah so I mean I've been doing research all
all day finding out about these bands like like hey hey which is what yes
what's happening no hey hey I don't know what's happening now oh how narrow is
that that's very narrow that's the that's a revival of the the show what's
happening yeah i don't like it
i don't like it
and the one band that really wants me uh...
makes me want to turn this place into a car wash
well what's that
they put us on this bill with another catty shack band
yeah they're called Cinderella story
that's actually a pretty good name for a band though
really
i'm glad you like it
well what i think it's a good it's it's a little more
direct than the
what was your band's call name again
i don't want to get into this again
the specular something or other
specular snails alliance
now i feel bad about the name like it's stupid
i don't know why you feel like that
the workers we go on right after them too
wow so you really have to step your game up
absolutely and i went to their my place page yeah
This singer looks just like Ted Knight, but he sounds like he's R-H, you know?
Really?
Yeah, like I wonder if he took old Zona Reverend or something.
To get old so he could look like a Ted Knight.
Exactly, yeah.
Huh, I don't know. I didn't think anybody was taking that stuff that made you old.
Well, it's hard to get a script for that. I know that.
Yeah.
Hey, you got to help me out on this, all right?
yeah
i need you to be our secret weapon
well what
well i don't like the sound of that already
i i think you'll love it
i
and i i i guarantee you
a hundred percent that you will
you will say you'll do this
because i think you'll love the concept uh-huh uh-huh
i want you
yeah
reenact that baby Ruth Barr in the pool scene on stage
no
come on please
no that's terrible
What do you like about the idea?
Everything.
Oh, well, we're going to have a portable pool on stage.
And all you got to do is go in the pool.
With your swim, your little mask on, and your snorkel.
I'm not doing this.
And you come face to face with the candy bar.
And you start screaming like a little boy,
but you have to say, duty.
No, I'm not doing that.
Mom, we have a song called duty.
Good for you.
I'm not doing that.
Oh, come on.
No.
Come on.
It's not like you're not going to have time for it now.
What would make you think that I was going to do 100%
guarantee that I would do that?
Because you're not going to have anything else
going on in your life.
You know what?
Even if that was true, I wouldn't want that going on
in my life.
That's like a one negative thing going on in your life.
i'd rather be at zero
well i don't know i guess i was just a good because you're not going to be a
consolidated anymore
uh... wait a while what are you talking about
what do you mean when i talk about
why i'm not going to be at my job
well they said you're quitting
him down rimple
old man darimple's nephew
i'm not quitting
he was telling erb
met her over in account account for about it
well that's not true at all
yet that's what happens
rather spend is gonna take over for you all that that's news to me and that's
not happening now i i'm not i'm not leaving
you've been a work with couple days right
what's that
you've been a work with couple days
have you yes
Well, I mean, I've been coming in late.
Yeah.
Because of the, I'm going to be doing doctor stuff.
Well, didn't you see that other office that they're putting together?
Where?
It's like four doors down from yours.
And that's where Tor's going to have his office.
Replacing yours are going to make yours into a broom closet.
That's what they said.
Well, that's news.
I will be shocked if that happens.
Like a mini bathroom.
But there's no plumbing even in there. No, that's the weird part
But they also said that some people have already been using yours for no
No, I don't want to know about that's not true
that's
I feel like I've misspoke and I should probably go
Yeah, I have no idea what you're talking about Darren. Well, I you might find out tomorrow
the
Okay, well look I've been up and down physically for the last week. I've gone a couple way way down
What's that? I think I think it'll be way way way down if you don't let's then take that job
Well, it's my job. No
You're doing that you're doing the Luca stello thing again
No, I'm not you I'm saying you did the do you want to
You don't invest with these guys.
I gotta keep my job.
I don't think you're going to.
Well, we will see.
I think we will.
But are you going to do the baby roosting?
Please, come on.
No, I'm definitely not.
Find someone else.
What?
No.
No, I'm.
No.
Are those headlights out there?
What's that?
I think I just saw like a car with some chocolate on his headlight up front.
Where?
In your house?
It was like chocolate dripping from the headlights.
I don't know what to tell you.
What is that?
I don't know.
Are you okay?
I
Know are you okay? I gotta go
So I'll see you tomorrow at work. I guess what
Geez
No idea what's going on
Unbelievable
Weird weird world FM you you're on the air finally another working man. Hi, Tom. This is Michael K from The Cinnings
Hey, how are you doing tonight?
Well, I thought that it was supposed to be the hard hats and lunch pails show
So I thought I better check in from America's
city
hardhat stuff's on the way don't worry
the title we stole you know we told we stole the title from the uh... los
angeles
which i still can't figure out what the soot was from there was it from the
dream factory
what the soot was from in los angeles
people's screenplays going up and smoke was at the dream factories was it
I don't know.
You stole it.
The rust belt is coming back.
Yup.
Hey, you know what I got in the mail this weekend though?
What's that?
The fun pack.
I got my premiums.
Alright.
I got the t-shirt, the poster, I got the patented Patton Oswalt Limited Edition CD which I haven't
listened to yet.
I'm waiting till I get enough time to devote enough time to just listen to it exclusively
in.
And also, just so you know, I went and saw Panos Walt this weekend.
He did stand up over at Caroline's in New York City.
Unbelievable.
I bet I can just picture it.
I wish I could be there because it sounds like it would be like, they call me the working
man.
Like that.
It would be like that Rush song, which I could never figure out why he was singing
working man like this castrado
that
like some
i can rush
not a rush and
you know what
uh... mom i saw them once with cheap trick when i was like fourteen years old
and i was like wow who was this band who's that guy with the big nose in the
hair i were actually i was like who is that lady
with the big nose in the big hair
and then all the drummers you know at that time we were in high school there
like oh isn't he a great drummer he only has 30,000 drums and he hits every
one of them and you know what I never really liked them but I always thought
it was so funny of like that woman's voice singing that called me the worst
thing I am because the worst drummer on earth oh yeah it could really dance to
him he really makes your hips want to move
It's not drumming.
Give me the guy from madness any day holding it down.
In the middle of our street, that's all I want, that's from madness.
uh...
well so yeah i got the fun pack and uh... we went on that little mud honey tour
i don't i broke practically broke my ankle at the middle east by the way at
the end boston at the middle east and all around boston there are so many
friends of tom
people kept coming up to me and they were saying like are you really the
michael k that calls into uh... the best show
like they thought that somebody is calling in pretending to be me
like someone would actually do that which begs the question like who would
actually want to try to do that but
anyway you have lots of friends in boston you have lots of friends that
even worked at the middle east they were like uh...
they were like uh... yeah
they were all friends at home
but anyway almost broke my ankle there but that's all another story
the uh... you're okay you're okay
uh... yeah
every time we tour i come up i don't i don't travel as well as i used to
I still love it, and I always did love it, but now I've got all these OCD's.
I have to go in the hotel room and clean it before I go in, and then clean it afterwards
for the maids, and then I'm always ended up in the hospital or something, even after
just a few days of touring.
I don't know.
I just don't travel as well as I used to, but I'm a working man, though.
I'm going to quit that whole music business and get my job back at the mill.
That sounds like a good plan.
Think?
so because you know the what the russ belt is coming back they're saying
because of the exorbitant shipping prices
and the price of all oil and gas and stuff
they're finding that american steel now
that next cattle act that you buy tom
might be uh... made made with the u.s. steel
right here from up it's burger trust me right now in town
trust me i'm not buying the no catalac
catalax you know i kid because i love
i can see tom really at tom right around the catholic
no you know what i mean that next pick up you by you know you might be made
of you know what i'll get a catalog before you pick up truck
you know what the way i would get you to carry the pia right pia around
so when you do you're like uh... pia
well what what what what are you going to carry your pia system around so when you
do you're like uh...
your uh...
meet and greet
when you do your uh... dj meet and greet
like you do you have to carry you know i was the blues brothers i'm right around
campaigning
we bring chicken wire let me tell you
if i was to get a fancy schmancy car you know i'd get
one of the uh... mustang
like a six piece mustang
yes
my dad had a red mustang all man when i was a kid
he had this red mustang and he used to play this magic trick on us
he would take us for rides because you know my mom had like three kids like
one year apart and so she was like just totally going insane for a while
so he would take us three kids on little rides through the uh... you know well
rural areas in his red mustang convertible but he had this funny thing
that there was a little foot pedal
that you could push and the windshield wipers would go on
this was like you know
mid-late seventies right and that was a fancy trick that you put your foot
on the thing and made the win and we just thought that was the most magical
thing that we'd be driving and all of a sudden the windshield wipers would go
on
that's my fondest memory of a red Mustang
oh and it was a hot Mustang too so when you saw cheap trick and rush who opened
for who
oh and I saw cheap trick and rush
uh... it was actually rush opening up for cheap trick
what are what are the family theater in Pittsburgh and what what are cheap
trick are we talking about
uh... this would have been very early they were it was like the first record
because we went there because we would just go see anything you know at that
time
every concert was like between five and ten dollars at that time you know in
the mid-seventy so we would just go there just to you know like smoke and
hang out and get out of the house right so we go to anything
and it was uh... uh... rush we went to see
which i always hated but i had to go with my band-mates because they
they loved them
they thought they were so like
musically proficient alex life and i wanted to see myself in the head every
time i heard him but anyway
so we were there and so but there was this opening band called cheap trick and
it was right when their first record came out and we had i saw that and i'm
like
well this is much better than those uh... canadian
you know you got to uh... do i'm telling you
no seriousness
or write a book
with you
no you gotta write a book i'm serious
no i don't have to
i said exactly what i write a book i don't have the stories you've got
stories
the stuff you've seen but you have to interpret them
if you do a book
i'm serious
you got to do it
you can these stories have to live on
well yeah
now you're embarrassing now you're quiet all of a sudden
other stuff of it you know you know you're embarrassed me that i thought i was
going to say about allentown and we're living here in allentown you got a
hide from this you don't want to face the fact that you got some work to do
you got a book to write
come on michael k from the cynics
i would get that word processing machine and we'll make
write the book
all these stories all the adventures
right
those are just high school adventures that any kid would have
those aren't interesting yes they are
write them down
what's up like well we're launching people i'm good well i should i will have
time to do it because i'm quitting the music business i hope you know
well i'm only quitting the meeting i'm quitting music i'm getting my job back
at the mill
to leave with me don't you think rugged
do you think i'm a rugged in i need health insurance i'm getting my job back
of the mill, the rust belt is coming back. I think it's time to take advantage of America's
City of City and have me get back at the mill and make some U.S. steel.
I love it. Mike, though, is giving me the signal, Michael Kay, from the cynics.
I know you know, because it's past 9.30 now.
You know how much I love you, Tom. I'll talk to you later. Bye.
Keepers, creepers. You have a good night. No, I didn't think by yet. Okay, I see you. Bye.
Come on.
Good boy.
You know what, you aren't amazing.
I never start to show yet.
I never still open phone.
FMU, you're on the air.
Happy Canada Day, Tom.
What's that?
Happy Canada Day.
Happy to tell you this.
Until I first, happy Canada Day.
And who is this?
This is Paul and Toronto.
How are you?
I'm good.
How are you doing?
So it's going well, huh?
Going all right.
how are you doing paul sorry you've been great for so long i just wanted to uh...
send the wishes your way from everyone is wrong and flown in rush
tell me about this canada today
uh...
the hundred and forty first i think
birthday of uh...
canada
it's
you know young
and uh... you know the prime minister's at the speech at noon and uh... and everyone
in the big cities has fireworks and uh... a lot of people drink
everyone gets a day off
read donuts
free
free to moreton donuts and uh...
copies and uh...
uh...
everyone get the free beaver in the mail
free screening of uh...
of uh... strange bro
strange bro yeah
and mike myers comes and says hi to everybody
well i thought it was a holiday
yeah
yeah that would be terrible you're not so proud of him anymore are you
uh... no
no i i never really was that i i know i thought he was always kind of terrible
he's embarrassed your fine city
well
we'd like but he's from the saga i think are scarborough isn't it
already disown it backing up you're backing up from mike myers
ten years ago
you probably can weigh up ten years ago you're probably just telling everybody
all about mike myers
days from toronto
well i'm not really from toronto so you know
i can i can say that with authority
so uh... so i think that
yes that makes sense
now i know what are you going to argue there are you uh... going to go out and
have fun tonight
uh... pro but i don't know it's good defense
uh... friend of mine
you know had uh...
some stuff go down today i might have to hang out with him but if i can uh...
if i can do both i might uh... go down and catch the fireworks yeah
i'm telling you toronto's the best
it's the best
and then
it really is i i would i would uh... leave this behind in a heartbeat
well there was some talk of that before i mean it would have been great you
could have done the show from here today
from the uh... from the skydome
i'm getting ready to move i'm moving up i decided
well i'll tell you what we have no baseball
we're sort of the worst
that's good though
well baseball if you like now you like underdogs right
He's in the underdog, right?
I always side with the underdog.
We're way, way underdog.
Who likes baseball though?
It's boring.
Yeah, Chris Bosch.
I don't know.
We seem to like it.
You like what the Raptors?
Yes.
So you're saying, yeah, Chris Bosch?
Yeah.
Bosch, yeah.
Right?
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, they're actually worth watching.
Mo Pete.
We got tons of stuff going on up here.
Come up.
More is Peterson.
I'll be your new call screener.
You can bounce Mike.
Oh, I like this.
I like that.
What are you going to do, though?
You got to sweeten the pot.
Free health care?
Well, wait a minute.
You don't have to work at the mill.
I like this.
Oh, you know what else?
The guys from, two of the guys from Sloan
have breakfast at a restaurant down in my street.
And I'm not showing off.
Really?
Which town?
All the time.
Which Todd, Chris Murphy, and occasionally Pat,
whatever his name is.
Really?
Yeah.
Wait a minute.
Throw one more thing in, and I'm moving up tomorrow morning.
One more.
One more thing about Toronto?
Yeah.
Sweet in the pot.
One more, I need one more.
Most multicultural thing in the world means eclectic colors.
What's that mean?
You lost me.
multicultural
callers
no no uh... it was like a collective callers you know
like
varieties of opinion
of you're saying that i'll see more russian here in greek town i think
so you're saying it has there is a a variety of opinions and people's in
toronto
yes
very much so
i'm doing it
the deal is done
when you get me on uh... canadian radio
if we want to be on cbc
guess i'll show
okay i'll do it
i have uh...
no hook up there
semi-interplay kim mitchell every uh... fifteen minutes
do you know the kim it's all the dj on our rock station now that's absolutely
it's worth
you know what
on the mighty q one of seven
You have done it.
Paul, look out.
Look out, Toronto.
Here comes the best show.
All right.
You have a happy Canada Day ever.
Happy Canada Day to you, young man.
Thanks, buddy.
Have fun.
Bye.
I'm moving.
Moving to Toronto.
And no one can dissuade me from it.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, Tom, it's former call screener Matt.
Former call screener Matt.
Yep.
I don't believe this is him.
Of course, Tom, all these years we've had together.
Now this is James.
That's James.
Get off my phone, you little creep.
It's not former call screener Matt.
Oh, that guy's so sad.
Is there anything sadder than James?
seriously
anything
i don't think so
that's the saddest thing i've ever heard that guy
so depressing fm you you're on the air
uh... you can call them to be
yes did you see it
yeah uh...
yeah i can like all those movies uh... you know my favorite character was in it
games
you got james
You got James! I got James! I like them apples!
What a sad sack.
What a sad sack.
Losing my throat.
My instrument.
soon i'll have to do the show and and i am window
this peach pits killing me
and also that was as good as it is that can be i'm telling you right now
people are talking about
you're going
look and
i'm not ripping the guy
he passed away
and i can tell you the amount of things i read
but this guy where it's like
they don't make them like that anymore
they do make them like that
they make them better
patina's wall
all of the pumpkins
that got the knackers
top notch
top notch
these guys are going to have these guys are going for the uh... for uh...
They're pushing, they're pushing each other.
They're pushing themselves.
They're pushing each other.
It's like when the Beatles and
Beatles and Beach Boys putting records out.
They're all competing.
Each one trying to top the next.
You know who benefits from it all us?
We all do.
a
golden era
that got John Mulaney opened up
only Molly he was funny
it's good
so good
so good
everybody was so good
Is that James?
If James calls back as James, I will talk to him.
If he goes, hey, it's James.
Mike's just saying this call is highly suspicious.
So anything this person says, you are not getting anything over on me.
You have already been vetted and labeled a mutant.
James we heard you talking about James I'm not totally not James nice FM you
you're on the air hey you're on the air oh hi I'm not I'm not I'm not a bad dude
I'm I'm what you turn your radio down hey hey what's going on guys hey's your
radio down yeah I just turn it down right now what's happening it's not
down, get off my phone, gonna hear it in the background. What a dim width. Go to
camp. Go to camp. These guys are coming soft. This is soft serve. The show's not
soft serve. It's not soft serve, Brady. Oh, I'm here working. I work, work, work, work,
it's hard-hat
there it is thank goodness the comforting sound of hard-hat radio hard-hat radio
is on the air yeah yeah
I
The nurses all gather down
in the gay, stunning wide wonder
At the t's blown
The heANC cares, spoke up
Joseilles Korea
She can tell right away
Then I was bad to the basement
I broke a thousand hearts before I made you a break a thousand more, baby
up?
Ha-ha.
Great thing.
Hey.
hard at radio working hard what's this guy want to know
this guy wants another chance I'll give him another chance I know I know I don't
even I don't even like stuff serving so it's one of the worst kinds of ice cream
why would you get that you're gonna get ice cream do you know how it works you
wait for me to say you're on the air oh I'm sorry I I'm not a big radio guy all
right or you're not a big phone guy either. I could use a phone. You just burned your second
chance. Get off my phone. I'm pushing you off the top girder. We're up here trying to eat lunch
with our lunch pales. Every call right now better bring it. 201, 209, 9368. That's the first time I
I gave the number out tonight his hard hat radio put the work in
That's right, 201, 209, 9368.
We've got a couple possibilities for a topic.
But that's steam whistle.
I mean, it's time to get back to work.
It's not solved.
It's not.
We're not sitting in the Dairy Queen parking lot
eating a fribble.
That's from friendlies.
Okay, so I went to friendlies.
I got a fribble to go
and I'm eating it in the Dairy Queen parking lot.
Is there a law against that?
That's where you drink a fribble.
doing the show everybody knows I want to write a book right everybody knows
where's my book try to get a book going try to get one of those 33 and a third
books going I got the brush off I got the brush off the game with the brush off
unbelievable just because I want to write a just gonna want to write a book
about that criss-cross album and this is the ultimate in dignity I actually it's
one thing when I go into a Barnes and Nobles and I see books there this one
was mailed to me from the publisher like there's like a direct slap in the face
A book called Vampires of Hollywood. Written by Adrian Barbeau. A novel written by Adrian
Barbeau. Hollywood, California. Three grew some deaths within two weeks and every one
of them a major star. An Oscar winner, an Anj you knew and an action hero. A serial killer
is working through the Hollywood A-list and celebrities are running scared.
Each crime scene is worthy of a classic horror movie and all three victims share a connection
to the powerful scream queen of Sana Moore.
The stunning and formidable Moore is the legendary head of a Hollywood studio as well as the
writer and star of 17 blockbuster horror movies.
He's also a 500-year-old vampire.
What?
Ugh.
And this thing exists.
This thing exists.
Vampires of Hollywood.
What am I doing here?
I should be home right in my book.
Put my hard hat on.
That's not the topic.
It was just me getting that out of the way, vampires of Hollywood.
I'm looking at it on the floor over there.
Let's dog mokai, I should smear some liverwurst on it, let dog mokai go to town on it.
You know what, I can't do this hard hat thing until I put a good topic up.
This is what I'm going to do.
We'll start the show off, normally.
Put a topic up.
And then when the steam whistle goes off, it's time to get to work.
Then it's time to put your hard hat on.
Mike brought in his hard hat from work.
out there. He's sitting in front of the phone wearing his hard hat. Weird thing is he works
at Circuit City. Is he doing wearing a hard hat? Oh, you got your briefcase with you for
the apple rolling around in it. That lonely apple and some papers, some newspapers you
found on the light rail so I was seeing I want to put together a new list remember
that list we put together make the order of things I want to get a new one going
what do you think about that we're starting a new order of things this is
going to be as of tonight we will rank last time it was about things whether
it was. Yeah, 60 minute Colombo episode or watching ducks stop traffic. It's across
a road. This time we're doing people. The most talented to the least talented.
top to bottom in order 201-209-9368 that's the number and we're going to approach
this topic we're all going to put our little hard hats on and when the steam
whistle blows the phones have got to start ringing 201-209-93 I feel like
to a marathon show. Oh you want me to set the parameters? Alright, I'll set the
parameters. These are not necessarily the top and bottom, the absolutes, but they
are pretty far apart. The top, Orson Welles, set the lower half with David
Peel. Your big David Peel fan, Mike. Not really. Pope Smoke Stope. You like those
songs? Man, that guy was, that guy was licking his chops when he saw John Lennon
move to New York.
Okay, that's your contribution that goes with.
They still go above David Peele.
The two Cory's.
Orson was over the list is Orson Wells, then a huge gulf, then the two Cory's, and then
kind of right below the two Cory's David Peele.
It is time to begin.
Let's get to work!
Yeah, I want to cast my vote and say that harm in Korean is the most talented person
working in America cinema today.
you want to say harmony koreen
where do you want where should he be on the list
uh... at the top above orson wells
or i am talking about people who are alive
who are going to come to america ok so it's so in your list it should be orson
wells then harmony koreen
and then burner
and burner hurts i well let's put harmony koreen on the list right now
harmony
Corinne. Okay, he's below the two Corries, but above David Peele, if that counts for anything.
That's kind of where he belongs. Yeah, I could accept that. Right? Yeah, he's, you can't, so you
can't accept that? You're going all the way from the most talented person making movies today
to be below the two Corries. Well, what was the other person you mentioned? David Peele? Yeah,
Yeah, who is that?
Well, where are you from?
Oh, this is Tyler from the Lower East Side.
Yeah, he was you 30 years ago.
Get off my phone.
FMU, you're on the air.
Yes, yeah.
I think Wayne Gretzky is one of the most talented individuals ever.
Is he more talented than Orson Welles?
I would say so.
What do you say, Mike?
Wayne Gretzky by far.
I'm going to consider it. We'll find where he belongs. I don't trust that guy though.
Is Wayne Gretzky more or less talented than Orson Wells?
Mike says no. I'm going to put Wayne Gretzky. I need some guidance on that one.
F.M.U. you're on the air.
Hey Tom, this is Nate from St. Paul.
Nate from St. Paul.
You're a northerner there with your ice hockey and whatnot.
Wayne Gretzky, more or less talented than Orson Welles.
Less.
Okay.
Sorry, I can't.
But right below him, right?
um it's kind of hard to compare hockey with uh filmmaking so it's not really my place
all right so who do you want to put for the list well speaking of filmmaking in
northerners uh the colon brothers the colon brothers i'm sorry this list is sharpling centric
Cohen brothers, go above Wayne Gretzky.
Excellent.
Thank you.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey Thomas, Brian from Long Island.
Who is this?
Brian from Long Island.
Brian from Long Island.
Are you wearing a hard hat right now?
No, I don't have a hard hat.
I'm sorry.
Can you at least metaphorically wear one?
Yeah, I always wear one.
Okay, well that, there you go.
we think i'm where you think i'm actually wearing one
so mike mike actually is wearing one though
you don't have to wear one i can tell the car war
i do not know i'm in the office you know it says on the front of mike's uh...
hard hat
world's greatest grandpa
uh... he's not a grandpa
do you think you got it from some grandpa's missing a hard hat
who do you put on the list brian
mohoraka
all right
specifically in those banking commercials
it's mohoraka i got to put mohoraka above the two quarries
we're establishing the spectrum now
golfs are being bridged
the list literally goes like this orson wells cohen brothers
wane gratsky mohoraka
the two quarries harmony karen and david piel
A huge, I gotta say, we need to fill in the area between Wayne Gretzky and Mo Rocka.
That area needs to be filled in.
Thanks for the call, young man.
Thank you.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi.
Hi, who's this?
Joanna.
Joanna from Portland.
Portland?
Portland, Oregon.
Portland, Oregon.
Yeah, right.
Are you wearing a hard hat right now, Joanna?
I'm not, but I could scrumming one up.
And we pretend you're wearing one.
Oh, hell yes.
All right, who do you want to put on the list?
Jared Leto.
Jared Leto has to go.
Stay far down.
Is he below the two quarries?
Oh, it's so far below.
Is he below Harmony Corinne?
Yeah, it's actually hard for me to pinpoint which of them
is more of a suck on the world's energy.
I'm going to have to say, at least Harmony Corinne
is making more of an effort.
Yeah he's below. Okay fair enough Jared Leto below Harmony Corinne. Thanks for
the call. Thanks Tom.
if I'm you you're on the air yes I would like to put George W Bush in the list all
the way at the bottom so you don't think he's talented not I'd have to let him on
the bottom of the list I feel that based on some of the decisions that he has made
he deserves to be there all the way at the bottom all the way at the bottom I
mean that's this really seems to be the best place that he should be I'm gonna
wreak I'm gonna consider where George W Bush goes on this list if he goes on
the list yeah I mean and off my phone George W Bush beat that drum now 2008
guys all worked up that's probably worked up because he's dropping four bucks for
a gallon of gas. I probably voted for him twice. You know, this Bush is a real
idiot. This Bush is a real idiot. It cost me $52 to fill up my car the other
day. This guy's a real moron. Yeah, you know, everybody was kind of telling
you that in 2004. Maybe you should have listened. WFMUE stars WXHD
I hope worldwide on the World Wide Web at WFMU.org.
This is the best show on WFMU.
My name's Tom Sharpling, tonight's host.
By the way, I went to see the movies yesterday.
I was in the theater with my lady friend,
Jillian Barbary, as always.
And it literally was down to this.
Should I see?
Should we see?
It's not like she was waiting in the parking lot.
We're going together.
should we see Wally or the love guru they were literally playing five minutes
apart and it was at the point where it was like which one which one and then we
saw Wally I walked out after a half hour and I'm kidding I didn't want
Wally, that was one of the best things I've ever seen. I got all emotional. That
scrappy little robot. I'm telling you that was a movie. That was a...
Holy moly. Wally. So glad I didn't see Love Guru. I'm sick of that too. That's
another thing. Yeah, you know, I was actually gonna consider seeing Love Guru
Which I know stinks
But it's almost like I need to know how bad it is
It's almost like
It's almost like poking if I got a I need a filling and I got an open nerve on a tooth
I have to keep poking it to see how much pain I can create
Thank goodness I saw Wally the top-notch movie. I'm sick of also seeing bad stuff over good stuff
you go Wally you go that's what I'm like I'm like Wally I'm like Wally
working and working and working and I'm falling apart now FM you you're on the
air hey Tom it's Frank from we talking Frank from we talking well what's going
on tonight I'm nothing first of all if you're gonna watch love guru make it
only in IMAX that's the only way to experience it it's not an IMAX that's a
fraudulent claim
no i don't have an i-max over liberty science center it is not they're doing
five-day shuddling
but god strike me down right now
they're going to hold on a minute at the liberty science center
yeah they're doing
they're doing i-max screenings of of uh...
the love guru
i thought that
we like they were hanging on the outside of that though when i was driving
past it the other day
on the uh... with that term park
although i'm typing this and now it's liberty science center love guru
i'm ax
i don't know if they're advertising would you advertise if you were showing the
year theater
uh... yes i would actually
i'd have if i was showing it in my theater i'd advertise it
not playing there
can i get my things to the list
i'm pretty sure that i saw the size for
all right go ahead
what do you got for me
what's the top of the list i don't want to go exact placements but uh... i'm
saying larry david of kerb your enthusiasm and sign felt same okay larry david is
going below wane gretzky and above morocca
we are now in the process of filling in
huge gulf in that middle section
the huge gulf
is it the two cori still at the bottom
two coris the list goes like this orson wells the cohen brothers
Wayne Gretzky, Larry David, Mo Rocka, the two Corey's, Harmony Corinne, Jared Lado,
and David Peele.
Uh, towards the bottom I would have to go to the modern day Axl Rose, probably.
I don't want that pollutant on my list.
Not even...
And off my phone, you liar.
IMAX liar.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, that's Amir, coming from Florida.
notch call or Samir this guy's good this guy brings it yeah I was gonna
suggest the guys from Pixar but you already pipped me to that one so my
second choice is Nick Cave where am I gonna put the guys from Pixar I'd say
the better than Gretzky are they better than the Cohen brothers yeah more
consistent you want to know what they got the guys from Pixar right below
Orson wells you're right Cohen brothers are not batting a thousand exactly that's
what Pixar are you did it against them here your top-notch I don't want to
put Nick cave on my way let's put Nick cave on fine where do we where does he
go above or below moraka above above or below Larry David below I'd say above
but I may be in a minority he goes below sorry we are filling in the the
cavernous gap is being filled in now right slowly but surely yes that's the
only way to do it thank you Samir problem okay FM you you're on the air
Hey Tom. Hey who's this? This is Kevin. Kevin from New York. What part of New
York? The city right now. The city. Yeah. Manhattan. That's correct. What do you
got for the list Kevin? I got two if you'll allow it. I very well might. We will
find out. Number one. Gonna go with Will Ferrell. Okay. Will Ferrell above or
below Larry David oh I have to go above Mike says below I don't know I gotta go
above I'm telling you though those last few seasons of Kirby enthusiasm yeah
boy I mean have you seen the trailer for stepbrothers that just looks amazing
no no I'm making the case for Will Ferrell going above he goes above
Well, Pharaoh will never cast Super Dave in his thing.
What's that, Mike?
Putting Super Dave in was genius?
It was not genius.
He didn't have him as a monster.
If he would have had him as some sort of monster, that would have been genius.
He has him as a funk-houser.
What's wrong with you, Larry?
What's wrong with you?
You idiot.
you're an idiot thank you young man
that's right why do i even like that
i feel like when the person doesn't even get to say goodbye
fm you you're on the air
hey tom this is james from brooklyn james from brook the james
no no no that that other guys uh... ruining it first of all james's
he's ruined all i know this james yeah thanks how's going buddy i'm going
That's going it's going. I'm loving the hard hat radio show. Thank you. It's tough
We get you pumped up, right the more it makes me think of the video for bad to the bone the better
Yes, we're we're we're he hanging out with children. Yes. He was hanging out with eight-year-olds children and bow diddley
Yeah, yeah, but sort of that was probably the best treatment that they got
It's amazing. I mean I thought of that video. I was gonna make fun of that video on the air
Four days later bow diddley passes away
Start making fun of George Carlin on there a week later. He dies. Oh, man. Who's next? Oh, no, uh, hopefully
Maybe the person that I put at the bottom of the list. Let's see Ted Nugent
Oh Ted Nugent below David Peele. Awesome
You just hit the new seller Ted Nugent. Oh, right. That guy's the worst. That guy's done. Nothing
he's nothing nothing for his entire life nothing yeah played guitar on it on a
passable psychedelics pseudo psychedelic song but the guys that he like disowned
yeah that he did because they were dirty hippies yeah they were dirty hippies
like he wasn't he has no problem cashing the checks uh-huh there you go
that guy's nuts you just did like a nothing for Ted Nugent you found the
new seal of the new the new floor I'm so excited well done I could go out I could
I mean, I could go out on the bottom, but um, for the top?
Yeah?
Von Elmo.
Von Elmo.
Is Von Elmo better or worse than the Cohen Brothers?
Better.
Really?
Oh, career, I mean, stack them up.
Let me think.
Future language.
Von?
Bon...
Bon...
Crash-blinding, crash-blinding, crash-blinding.
Do I know what? I'm putting him between the Coen brothers and Wayne Bucky.
I'll take that.
Alright.
Also, I don't want to chew up valuable list time.
Oh, that's right. You've earned it.
Well, I'll coast on that. I actually went to see the Love Guru.
And I know I'm here to admit it in front of everybody.
And I've seen, I've been watching bad movies my whole life.
And, you know, I kind of like them.
I just felt bad afterwards like like the next day I thought oh I went to see that
yeah I don't feel good about that decision at all that's I just felt
depressed that's how I was feeling about it I'm so glad I went to the wall
don't do it man life is life is short I was thinking tomorrow I would do a
double a dip I would see I would see love guru right and the incredible Hulk
oh geez yeah call me wouldn't that be amazing which one would you see first
in that lineup hulk you'd see hulk first I would cuz like if you saw love guru
first the hulk could be the best thing ever saw that's the thing if I saw if
I saw love guru and then I went in to see Wally after I'd walk out after 15
minutes to be like I'm not in the mood for this no no no you you would lose
your will to live my room yeah oh yeah totally call me up did you see Wally
not yet I defy anybody not to get choked up I'm I'm in I defy them thank
James thank you you're top notch top notch this is our newest top notch
caller man James from Brooklyn thanks Tom thank you
Hi buddy.
FM you, you're on the air.
Hi Tom.
Who's this?
This is Martin, Sweden.
James, James from Brooklyn.
God save God bless the fire man.
Booger dooger dooger dooger dooger.
That bass line, I'm paying the savages.
Booger dooger dooger.
What do we got going on?
Young man.
Um, I'm thinking Benny Hill, Benny Hill. Yeah, Benny Hill goes above or below
Carmony Harmony Corinne. Um, below. Below. Yeah, I got to put him above Harmony
Corinne, above or below a Mohraca, above above, above or below Nick Cave. Now we're
Finding that the the zone for for a visit freaky. What's that?
Above above Nick Cave
Yeah
Above or below Larry Dave. He does not go above Larry David. No Benny Hill
It's tricky though. I mean what's freaky bad. It's not that freaky get off my phone
Freaky what's so freaky we're putting a list together
Not that freaky
It's freaky though, it's freaky though
I love these lists
It's hard-hat radio if you don't call up wearing your hard-hat. I don't want to know you. We're working now. We are working
Mike wants to know if wearing one of those St. Patty's Day green hats is a
fair enough substitute for a hard hat. No! Those things are that's the flimsiest
plastic on earth. You might as well say kind of wear a Devo hat. You show up in
any half respectable construction site wearing a Devo hat. You'll get
beat by some guy with a nail gun.
Thank you to Dorvid and Simo kick the Bobo for their awesome sound clip.
fm you you're on the air
tom yes
uh... mark from one of the mark from one of the happy candidate
thank you thank you very much i've got any of you
i'm sorry
that's going to be to you know all thank you
so i got a good one for the list i don't know if anyone said it yet and
this couple of minutes of the show but uh... david boe
david boe above or below larry david
i think about
we think of that mike
above. That means he's got to be above Will Ferrell. Oh, yeah.
Above or below Wayne Gretzky. Above. Above or below Von Elmo. Who's that? That means he's below it.
I'm still telling you, I saw Von Elmo at CBGB's. That's still that show. I cannot get that show
out of my mind. And that was how many years ago I saw that. That was one of the most amazing things
I've ever seen. I've got five-year eyes, five-year eyes for you. FM you're on the
air. Hi, this is John from Chicago. John from Chicago. What part of Chicago? I am in
Wicker Park. Ooh, very fancy. It is up across. How's Jeff Tweety doing? Couldn't
be better. I've got somebody to try and fill out the middle of the list for you.
uh... who you got for me
wolfman jack
wolfman jack
wolfman jack above or below nick cave
above or below your hill
below who
benny hill
i think all he goes between larry david and benny hill
i'll take it
wolfman jack
and what would you have to describe his talent
he's he's he's rock and roll but also a little bit uh... a little bit zany
little edgy
point
you know what
you've just helped me come over the new person going on with dr demento
does he go above or below jarred lido
i think i can even face off
i say dr demento goes beneath
harmony karen
and above Jared Leto.
Thank you.
Happy Canada Day.
You too.
Oh, you're from Chicago, sorry.
FMU, you're on the air.
Doesn't mean we can't say happy Canada Day.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, Tom, this is Derek from Detroit.
Derek, from all I can say happy Canada Day to you.
You're a half Canadian up there.
I just just short drive away.
Yes, how often do you cross the border?
It's been a while.
It's been a long time since I crossed the border.
But you know, within a half hour,
I could be in another country.
That's kind of cool.
It's very exciting.
Who do you want to put on the list?
Uh, I got a couple suggestions.
What do I want to represent to trade
and put Mick Collins out there?
Mick Collins.
Above.
I've already used him.
Mick Collins.
Above or below Will Ferrell?
I'd say above.
I got to say above also.
above or below wane gretzky
you know i i'm pretty uh... you know i can enjoy a hockey game now and then
but i'm not a huge fan he goes above or above wane gretzky
above or below david boe
i have to put a little bit of a while he goes right below david boe mick holland
you know perfectly is made such more
much more impact
you know the only
negative thing you can say about uh...
mick holland
if it wasn't for him
there wouldn't be a jack white that's true he created jack white
pretty much
and he didn't i told him that he had
you agreed
you know what mccollum's is a class act
yeah you know i'd hurry
even though what
even though he's a furry
he's a great guy
yeah i don't want to know about that
hey uh... you saw wallie
yes i did
how do you feel about what your i hate it
people uh... doing the voice and that's true jeff garland
he just bought himself
mark this down mike
jeff garland
because he doesn't voice and wallie he's out of the hate pit
that's how good all he was like jeff garland
that's how good wall he was it just bought someone uh... a free ticket out
of the hate pit
unheard of
and i got one more suggestion for the list and this is mostly because there's
no one from this industry represented in
what i was at shigeru miamoto the guy who created mario zelda
that stuff. Shigeri Miyamoto. Shigeri Miyamoto. Shigeri Miyamoto.
Read the Super Mario Brothers. See go above or below the two Corey's. Below the
two Corey's. Like said below. So the guy who designed Super Mario Brothers is
less talented than the two Corey's. I don't agree with that. I got to
disagree with that also
nick cave
uh...
not a huge nick cave fan personally
i don't i don't dislike them i just
above the world i'm getting into a stop above or below wolfman jack
or definitely above wolfman jack
that's right but i don't know what i think the lead records where's the
where's doctor to mentor in relation to wolfman jack he's way below uh...
he's below harmony corrin corrin
Because I used to love some Dr. Demento back when I was in junior high.
Yeah.
So I'm putting this video game, dude.
I'm calling him video game, dude.
What is his name?
Shigeru Miyamoto.
S-H-A. Oh, I don't know how to spell it.
That was your racist?
You suggest the guy you don't know nothing about him?
Shigeru Miyamoto.
There he is.
video game dude
chimera
shigeru mia moto
right between larry david and wolfman jack fm you you're on the air
i just hi tom this is john from boulder
hi john how are you you're going to say hi john weren't you
you're nervous aren't you
relax
relax
you got your hard hat on
you're working hard out there
What's in your lunchbox? What's in your lunch pail?
My lunch pail is sort of like a cheese sandwich on rye bread with mayo.
What's in the thermos? Black coffee. All right. You know what?
You up on the girder with us? Yeah, I'm sitting there.
Drop this on Mike's head. Drop this thing. Drop this penny on Mike.
I don't know if my aim is not good, but what do you got for the list?
I think I asked who is at the exact middle of the list.
Let's see.
We do need that person who is the true definition of the middle of the list.
Yeah.
Ice tea.
I might say that's middle, lower middle.
Lower middle?
Yeah.
Ice tea.
I will give him credit.
The best thing he's done in a long time are his Soulja Boy videos, where he takes apart
that horrible young hip hop artist Soulja Boy.
He says he's ruining hip hop.
Well, he's got experience.
Above or below Nick Cave.
He's got to go below Nick Cave.
Yeah, he's below Nick Cave.
But above Mo Raka.
Definitely above Mo Raka.
Sir are a hundred percent right you've established the middle of the list iced tea is the is the demarcation line right now
right
I've got I've got two more real quick. Let's hear I think I think somewhere towards the bottom of the middle
Yeah, or the top of the bottom. Yeah, Frank Frank Zappa
No, no Frank Zappa
Frank Zappa goes Frank Zappa goes below David Peele
Wow, okay. I don't like him, but...
And what do you think about J. Reid's hard?
Yeah, where should we put him?
I think sort of towards the bottom of the top.
Above? He's got to go below Nick Caves.
Right? I like him better than Nick Caves.
What's Benny Hill doing all the way up there?
it's coming down Benny Hill's now going below iced tea Benny Hill now is
officially the top of the bottom okay Jay retard down the list below Nick cave
and above iced tea another wide gulf right there thanks buddy you know I'm
putting on the list Mark Robinson Mark Robinson he of the unrest and Air
Miami and Flynn flon and his solo work right below Larry David and that's it
that's you UK you can't even slip a piece of notebook favor between those two
FM you you're on the air hi Tom hi who's this this is power caller Erica from
Baltimore all right how are you doing I'm all right y'all how are you doing are
You're recovering the fact that that comedy zone website went out of business?
I'm all right.
It'll be back.
I have faith.
It'll be back.
You know what?
I hope.
Trust me.
It's the best thing for you that that site's, that that site's gone.
The best thing.
I haven't been back to that site in over two months.
I like that site.
I like that site and the friends' top site.
Good.
Friends of top site, I like better.
You know why?
second questions about me you know look at that I'm done with message boards
though seriously I work to do I can't I can't look at some message board I
think Bob Dylan that went electric then he went I opened his Mac book it was
reading about people saying that show stunk he's terrible going lecture here's
a YouTube clip I filmed on my cell phone and now it's gonna doubt his movements
I gotta be pure pure of intent well I'm sorry okay I didn't mean to yell don't
get upset try not to you'll hurt your throat you're right got a heel peach pit
is diminishing good drinking apple cider vinegar cool it's not cool it's
whatever works it's so gross drinking baking soda that's nasty yeah but if it
works it's natural that's good I'm drinking the stuff that they they make
volcanoes with the in fourth grade I'm drinking that every day so what do you
got for the list Erica this is someone I hold like a personal grads again well
not that personal but somewhat is Lee Freeman that artist that sensed in the
Park in Mount Vernon in Baltimore. Below David Peele and above, for example, this is the guy
who fenced in the park. Yep. To make us appreciate it from a different perspective. He basically took
a park away so that people could understand what parks are about. Oh, yeah. And now are people
Just like thank you for making us appreciate the park. No, they want it in. It's theirs. Yep
And half of it's for the dogs like yesterday
They had like doggy jungle gyms out there or something and the dogs were like doing tricks. They had people out there
I saw it from my office window. Yeah, yeah, I'm also put a fence around his eyes
a bathroom not let him in but oh yeah appreciate appreciate a bathroom oh it's
not so funny is it he's got what is his name Lee Freeman had you spoke Freeman
FR EEMAN Lee Freeman AKA the fence the Baltimore fence idiot yep he's below
David Peele above Frank Zappa. Perfect spot. Thank you, Erica. All right, good night.
FMU, you're on the air. Hey, Tom. Hey, who's this? This is Christopher from
Kansas City. How are you doing tonight? Pretty good. How are you doing? All right.
I have one for the extreme bottom of the list. Let's hear it. Shaggy J and
violent to dope oh that's right the same clown posse insane clown posse right
above Ted Nugent and and I think the only thing that that's worse than them
are the lesser bands on their label the ones who they're bringing up you mean
the students of the insane clown posse yes the ones who who haven't quite
reached that that high level please Shaggy to dope give me some insight into
your career
yeah it's like twisted one day hopes to uh... like what what are the what are
some of these awesome act what is the name of their label
they go record what's the name of that so do they
spring a go
they go
is that what is it
what's the name of that soda
they go
fago f-o-a-y-g-o
is that the name of the record label
no uh...
uh... unfortunately i don't know enough about them to know that much
but uh... but yeah it's a record there's actually a local rapper around here
who's uh...
who's like coming up under their uh... their tutelage
is their label called psychopathic records
that that sounds about yet that exactly that's just dumb enough
that the insane clown posse would think
are labels going to be not
it's going to be so not that it's psychopathic
Dude, that's what we've got to call our label. Psychopathic records.
They should call our label cutout records.
Just get to the point, save everybody, uh, cutout step, uh, the beginning and middle.
So let's just go to the end, cutout records, or landfill records.
Perfect.
Why don't they just ship their records right to the landfill?
Hey, we got a new insane clown posse record coming out.
out. Hey, where can I get it? Why don't you go to your local dump and fish through that
we're going to drop a few skids off at every at every at every dump. Go to Arthur Kill
out on Staten Island and dig around. You find our new album. Thanks buddy. FMU you're on
the air. Hey Tom, I got something to do with. What's your name? My name is Jack. Jack, where
you calling from? I'm calling from the Bronx. From the Bronx. What do you got for me? For
the bottom of the list? Yes. Lower bottom? I'm thinking Chris Rock. What? Not going
lower bottom. He goes below Mark Robinson and above the video game dude Shigeru Miyamoto.
All right fair enough.
How much fight in you there huh?
I thought you were from the Bronx.
Supposed to be tougher than that.
No.
I don't like that weird yawn you did.
What are you listening to, shall we?
Lazy boy?
Shh.
If I'm you, you're on the air.
Hey Tom, how you doing?
I'm doing all right.
Who's this?
This is Daniel up at Boston.
Daniel from Boston.
Who are you going to put him with?
Larry Bird.
No, it is NBA related though.
Kevin McHale.
that
that's it
in here
great
who you can put on the list seriously i was going to get you all sparkly
charles barkley
considering he's a he's a he's a in the middle is thriving in his second career
it's true
putting on the bob wane gratsky
i was just about to say
we got to be thinking about a wing rescue second career
he hosted s on l and he got into a gambling
yeah
scandal al charles breck we did with those
inside the m b and get the and again to get the scandal
charles barkley gets into a gambling thing and he just laughs about it's like
like everybody knows the guy's going broke
and then he's going to run for governor of alabama in uh... couple years he said
that's true
would that be so great if he won
can you imagine
well what a partly
uh... governor i'm telling you i would move to alabama
just to follow that closely
i think it would it would make uh... you know just even for
just look like amateur night
good call you did it
thank you
no problem
fm you you're on the air
uh... it's on it's john from cleveland
john from cleveland how are you tonight
doing all right
you have somebody for the list
i do actually have a female for the last
that's right there are no women on this list
Uh, Miley Cyrus or Hannah Montana.
Are they separate though?
It's, well, I think technically she's Miley Cyrus and then when she puts on like a blonde
wig.
She's Hannah Montana.
Yeah, she can do that.
Is she above or below Nick Cave?
I would say below.
What's Wolfman Jack doing above Nick Cave?
I'm moving.
Hold on.
Let me make a move here.
Nick Cave and Wolfman Jack just switched spots.
I have an NBA related one too.
Let me figure out where to put Hannah Montana.
Above or below Benny Hill.
I would say below.
Above or below.
She's got to be above the two Corries.
And below Mo Raka.
That sounds about right.
All right.
What do you got for me NBA related?
How about LeBron James?
Lebron James. We're going up.
He's got to go. Lebron James.
Right below Will Ferrell.
Hello Will Ferrell. Yes, right below him.
Will Ferrell's been in the game longer.
He's won some championships of comedy.
Not true, semi-pro though, wasn't so hot.
Yeah, it was fine. What are you gonna do?
Calm down FM you you're on the air. Hi Tom. Hey, who's this?
From Miami. Who are you gonna put on the list, Dottie?
No Vincent Gallo. Vincent Gallo. Is Vincent Gallo above or below the Coen brothers?
Below?
Below the two Corries.
I'm making that a tie. That's a straight up tie. Two quarries and Vincent Gallo.
I think I agree. Um, yeah, I have another one. Let's hear it. Damien Harris.
You tell me. I don't know that fancy schmancy stuff. He goes below the quarries and Vincent
Gallo. Above Harmony Corinne? Oh no, wait, hold on.
below harmony
above or below dr. Demento
Above dr. Demento, what is this guy's name Damien Harris? Damien
Hersh like Judd her like hirst
Okay, and what what what's he somebody so you not know this art stuff? Oh
Oh, well, he did that.
I like the classics.
That was Norman Rockwell.
OK, I guess he made his name.
Hold on, I'm bothering my cat by talking on my lap.
Oh, you know, I've disturbed your cat.
She's on my lap.
Anyway, he made his name, I guess, by Vivis Ectin.
I think it was a shark, or was it a cow, which one was first?
He's going down the list.
He's going down.
Yeah, I know.
That was pretty bad.
And he's tied with the, you know, he's, he's the above or below Lee Freeman, the Baltimore fence guy.
Oh, you know what? I think he's below.
Above or below Frank Zappa.
Oh, below.
Above or below insane clown posse.
Uh, I'm feeling generous above.
Okay.
Um, he also did that, you know, the most expensive thing ever.
The diamond covered skull.
Oh, that's right.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. So yes, he's in his proper place, then.
Well, Frank said, I think that's, that's about right.
Great show.
Thanks. Bye.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi, Tom.
Hi, who's this?
Uh, this is Matt from Portland.
Matt from Portland, Oregon.
Yes.
How are things tonight in Portland?
They're pretty good.
How are things in Jersey?
You doing all right?
Are you wearing a hard hat out there?
Figuratively, I guess.
You ready to get to work?
Yes.
What's in your lunch pail?
I get ham sandwich.
What's in the thermos?
Poppy.
That's right.
Okay, you got it.
What do you got for me?
I was thinking that iced tea is not the perfect medium.
All right, who do you think it is?
I'm going to nominate Tom Bosley from Happy Days.
Wow.
Because he's like, kind of, nobody really loves them
and nobody really hates them.
He's just kind of right there in the middle.
You want to know what?
You have found the new center of the list.
Tom Bosley is above iced tea, though.
Yes, definitely.
Yes.
so now the list goes like this are you ready for this
orson wells
the guys from pics are
the co-in-brothers von elmo david boe
really but david is david boe below von elmo
i don't know about that i gotta keep thinking
david boe mccolland charles barkley win grittsky will ferrell of ron james
larry david mark robinson
chris rock
uh... shigeromia moto nick cave
Wolfman Jack, Jay Retard, Tom Bosley,
Ice-T, Benny Hill, Mo Raka, Miley Cyrus,
Batai below Miley Cyrus,
the two Corey's and Vincent Gallo,
Harmony Corinne, Dr. Demento, Jared Lado,
David Peele, Lee Freeman, Frank Zappa,
Damian Hurst, Insane Clown Posse, and Ted Nugent.
That was perfect.
Thank you.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi Tom. Hi, who's this? This is Brian. Brian from?
Oh, I'm the CEO. How are you tonight? Very well, how's it going?
It's going all right! I've got two names for the list, but as I was
sitting here thinking about it, they're almost kind of the same person.
Let's hear who, who are they? So maybe I'll leave it up to you, which one you
want to include. Bruce Wayne and Batman. David Crosby and
And or Rayman Zarek
Let's go with
David Crosby is above Frank Zappa, I say yeah, I was thinking down around Zappa to the above dr. Demento
No
The above Jerry's he's between dr. Demento and Jared Lido
Yeah, that sounds good
And then Rayman Zarek. Yeah, see above or below harmony Corinne
I say he goes above Harmony Corinne below the two Corries and Vincent Gallo.
Yeah, that sounds good.
All right.
Well done.
Thank you, Brian.
FMU.
You're on the air.
Hey, Tom.
Hold on.
We moved my heart hat to the side, clocking my phone.
All right.
Hey, what's going on?
It's Frank from E-Hawk and I had a few more for the list.
Oh, well, what do you got?
These better be good because the policy is we do not take returns.
callers when we build these lists unless their calls are superior
so let's see if you make the grade
i think i have mostly filler material uh... i'm thinking the middle would be
more of a michael bae in the middle
middle
michael bae have you ever seen any of those movies
uh... definitely below uh... iced tea
uh... it's a tie
harmony it's going to be
michael bae
Harmony Corinne. That's a tie. There are two sides of the same coin.
What else? Oh sorry. What else you got? Donald Trump towards the bottom of the list.
Donald Trump and his hair. Well his hair is part of part in parcel of
course. I heard it has its own separate heart and
brain. Well now you're just being silly. Get off
My phone guys trying to do is all material
If I'm you you're on the air
Hi, who's this? This is Andrew from Kansas City. Andrew from Kansas City. Have you called once already?
No, that was my mother guy. All right. What do you got for me Andrew?
I'm shooting for the bottom of the list and more towards the top. All right. Let's go. Let's go what?
Let's go top first
Gene Wilder
Gene Wilder
Yeah, I'm saying Jim Wilder goes between Nick Cave and Wolfman Jack, you know, he's
going between Chris Rock and Shigeru Miyamoto.
Yeah, that's pretty good.
Alright, what else you have?
And then from the bottom of the list, I'm going to make another female contribution.
Yes.
and culture and culture and doesn't get much worse than that who's worse and you
know what we could do better than and culture that's too obvious get off my
phone fm you you're on the air hey this is Jenny from Atlanta Jenny from it
like you mean hot lanta exactly hot lanta that's what we write has everything
going down there it's going beautifully you got hawks fever still not really
You know, I'm not originally from Atlanta, so I really could kind of care less about, you know, where are you from?
I'm originally from Virginia.
Okay.
Yeah. I have one for the superway bottom of your list.
Who do you have?
It's Rachel Ray.
Rachel Ray.
Rachel Ray above or below the guy who fenced in the Baltimore park?
Well, my opinion is below.
Above or below?
well you know what
let's put her above because i have dogs and i would be really sad if i could
make my dog for the part yes
she goes over to the above or blow david peal
uh... people
she's a but she's right above
i'm telling you you listen to one of those were uh... david peal records you'll
you'll uh...
you'll beg for uh... one of those don't get on a commercials
i don't know i don't know there's only so much that i can take
unfortunately it is on the list
The bottom list goes like this.
Dr. Demento, David Crosby, Jared Leto, Rachel Ray,
David Peele, Lee Freeman, Frank Zappa,
Damon Hirth, Insane Clown Posse, and Ted Nugent.
That sounds fabulous.
That's it, I think, totally.
Thank you.
Have a good night.
Yeah.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hello?
yes
okay uh... this is john from waco
john from waco
yet how we do with those singles buddy
they're doing fantastic as everybody knows i recorded a record back uh...
uh... a while ago called the waco from waco
everyone knows
bunch of seven inches of still trying to move them
uh... yeah and what that's what i'm helping you out
thank you so what do you have for the list
uh... i was gonna shoot for the bottom but there's so many on the bottom
already
but i was hard
Ted Nugent is the pure embodiment of everything wrong, that is just the worst.
You know, I, uh, I saw him at my store the other day.
What's, what store is that, uh, what, what do you sell there?
Uh, Kinko's, we sell, you know, copies, paper.
Kinko, was he making flyers for a show?
Yes, well, no, his, his, uh, I don't know what was making backstage passes.
He was doing it?
No, his manager guy was there, and
Ted just stopped by.
So Ted swung by the kinkos,
while his manager is like,
hey, you making those backstage passes
for the upcoming show?
Were the American flags and machine guns on him?
You are so correct.
He was, it was what was Ted, and he was wearing, you know,
one of his Uncle Sam hats,
and machine guns and flags, yeah.
So stupid.
Uncle Ted wants you.
I didn't say something stupid like that.
Mm-hmm, I'm sure.
I didn't get a good look.
How much time did that guy serve in the military?
Oh, no, that's right.
He was busy doing cat scratch fever
when he should have been in Vietnam.
Right.
Wango Tango.
Yeah, yeah, he was busy writing wango tango,
rather than serving his country, big hawk.
Yep.
No.
I was thinking about it, though.
if i had chosen to be a marine
i could have done that
now definitely so easy
but i'm not it's like being a marine's hard i could have done it though
uh...
maybe feel
i think that
who do you have for the list
well there's uh... i guess
kevin costner
i don't have in costner above or below date
that's almost like a tie with david crowsby
well you know kevin costner above or below david crowsby mike
below mike says below that's right well you're a big cs and wife and though
above or below rachel ray
uh... below
below
yeah that means he's above david peal
that's right mister brooks
thanks for the call buddy
fm you you're on the air
eight-time what's up
not a whole lot who's this
p d
p d
we've talked before right
we talked a lot
all that this p d okay yet
you don't
i'm good how are you in the whole of fame
i think so the best show hall of fame
are you sure you're not
i'm i don't really want to be there though
really
don't
why not
i'm like all the attention
or it's not that much attention
we can get mobbed
i can make a building for
for the whole thing
yeah i am i got a clean out a couple people though
i got a i got a revoke a couple memberships people who have not upheld their uh...
like duties
or should we not talk about that i talk about it on the air
couple people
yeah
uh...
i'm stuck in my throat
uh...
let's see uh...
who do you have for the list
i've uh... three
is okay
for for you yes it is okay
they have won uh...
runo etch
he was in stroke
he was the star of stroke sec
yeah right
he acted in that he was the main guy though weirdly enough
i could put this guy
anywhere on the list
i'm telling you if somebody said to me put him above horse and wells
i might
and somebody said
if somebody said it's worse than ten newjant
i kind of would agree with that also
mike said where do you say mike
but below iced tea
above above tom bop
he's a tie with tom bosley
How do you spell his name? Bruno. Bruno S and Tom Bosley are tied. The star
of Strotzeck and the star of Happy Days. That's okay I guess. Who else do you have
Petey? Joseph Campbell. The guy who writes the mythology stuff. Yeah. Where do you
want to put him? Any where do you want Tom? Well give me some, give me some
guy. I'm really not sure. I'm not sure what to think of him because I was listening
guide let's not put them on the list if we're not sure let's let's move what
it was the third person you have
robert johnson
robert johnson i'm aiming for the top
the top of the like above or some wealth of or some of
is even that good compared to robert johnson
it was like robert johnson made everything and robert johnson goes right
below vaughan elmo
that's good
but i think that i like
nobody's got any fight
i do this list
one of them
each did one album though that they each did like a very uh... minimal amount of
music
vaughan elmo there that's a tie vaughan elmo and robert johnson
that's a tie
that's a straight-up tie vaughan elmo and robert johnson
fm you you're on the air
hi who's this
it's emma
from toronto
from Toronto except i'm not calling from Toronto you're in New York now aren't
you i am are you sad being away from uh...
Canada on Canada Day
i actually i completely forgot it was Canada Day until the people in the
chat reminded me
well happy Canada Day to you
um
Canada Day
usually means that all the stores are closed
which you don't like
i'm i'm i'm i'm i don't know so far as to say i don't like canada day
and you like canada you like the stores being open
often open
as our bank you know but that doesn't happen on canada today a little
counterintuitive so what do you have for the list
and uh... this is sort of
uh collaborative thing between me and our good friend samir from florida
Yes, he he suggested that I call in with someone we both enjoyed Dwayne the rock Johnson
The rock the rock as he is known
Larry David
Pardon above or below Larry David
I'm gonna say above
What do you say Mike Mike says below? I gotta agree with Mike below. Oh Mike that's harsh above or below Mark Robinson from the unrest
i'm not entirely sure who that is
and over below chris rock
uh...
i'm going to say again above i'm a i'm uh...
i'm a
doing the rock johnson defender
okay he goes between mark robinson and chris rock
so we have the rock and chris rock
exactly it
it's symmetry that worked out well
thank you mama thank you tone
fm you you're on the air
i was this
to the nick from boston
nick from boston did you call once already
what do you got for me nick
i got i got one for the lower bottom of this
maybe even worse than the other i can't wait to hear this hope
carlos mincea
well that's bad
carlos mincea is pretty bad
Carlsman see a better or above or below insane clown posse
Oh, he's below and that's that's that's that's so I'm thinking he's lower. I
Got agree with you, but he's still not lower than Ted Nugent
We go equal can they still share left with Ted Nugent beats him out
All right, thanks buddy FM you you're on the air good evening. Tom. How's it going? Oh, it's going around
All right, who's this?
This is Jeff and Milwaukee.
Jeff and Milwaukee, who do you have for the list?
I have Edgar Wright.
Edgar Wright, the director.
Correct.
Guy behind Space and Sean of the Dead.
In Hot Fuzz.
Hot Fuzz.
Absolutely.
Where are we putting him?
That's a hot streak.
Above or below Wayne Gretzky?
Oh, above.
Above or below Charles Barkley?
I'd put him above Charles Barkley as well.
but he's below mick hollens
okay that's fine and i have one for quick one for the bottom perhaps let's
hear it
brett ratner
the ratman
ratman goes
buffer below rachel ray
all below rachel ray please
buffer below kevin costner
he still does not go below david peel though
Between Kevin Costner and David Peele is Brett. It's a good fit for Brett. Well done, buddy. All right. Thanks, Tom
We're gonna sweep through the shows about to end. We got four minutes left
FM you you're on the air
Andrew and Philadelphia. How are you?
I'm good. I got two quick ones for the top end Rocky Erickson Rocky Erickson above or below David Bowie above
above or below
He goes below Von Elmo and Robert Johnson and above David Bowie.
Excellent.
For the bottom end, Robert Englund.
Hold on.
Let me get that.
Rock Erickson's on there.
Robert Englund, do you mean Robert Freddie Krueger Englund?
He's horrible.
Below Brett Ratner?
Yes.
Below David Peel?
Absolutely.
Wow.
I think you're kind of right.
Hello Frank Zappa above Frank Zappa well Frank Zappa well done thanks FM you
you're on the air hi it's Isabel is about what Isabel from Rochester how are you
doing tonight I'm doing good how about yourself I'm doing all right oh what do
What do you got for the list?
Well, I think Chartreuse is the best of possible colors.
I'm not doing colors. Get off my phone.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi, Tom.
She thought we were doing a list of the best and worst colors.
We've only been doing this for an hour.
What do you got? What's your name, young man?
My name is Brendan. I'm calling from Connecticut.
Brendan from Connecticut. What part of Connecticut?
New Canaan.
No.
the store's Mansfield area all right I'll take your word for what he got for the
list okay I'm thinking above David Bowie John Kale you got it all right and I
have another one for you what do you got Mike you want Mike on the list yeah I
can't put Mike on the list he'll top the list okay or he'll be at the very
bottom. Mike is so polarizing. You should see some of the emails I get about Mike.
People love Mike, people hate Mike. No middle feeling about Mike.
Well I love Mike. You like Mike? Yes, Mike's good. There you go, thank you. FMU you're on the air.
Hey Tom, it's David from DC. David from DC. Do you get responsible for these
is awesome sound clubs tonight
yes i am well done how are you
thank you i'm a little less
i'm i'm shooting for the top
paul thomas anderson
paul thomas anderson
i think you should at least
be higher than the cones
and i would put them both worse and less as well
paul thomas anderson mike
where's he go
does he go below or above the coen brothers
there it is mike has decided
right below the coen brothers thank you
fm you you're on the air
hi com
hi fast
who's it or from houston
or from houston what he got
uh... after you for the bottom of the list let's hear him real fast
uh... fred dearest
red dearest
above or below i c p
he goes right above
okay that works and john land is more towards the middle just for being mediocre i guess
john land is goes uh...
john land is goes above the low rayman's aric and above michael bae
and her back to rent
perfect thank you don
well done final call tonight is going to be
this call fm you're on the air
a time to spony and brooklyn
couldn't have gone out better how are you spony
are you top notch caller what do you got for me
well first i want to say that mike is amazing
how do we all know that
he's not
doing a show from a hammock that works hard
exactly how hard we've got a hard hat on out there
the site is a hard-hitting hard-hitting up
the entire night
yes what you got for the list
okay mark arm from what honey
mark arm from mud honey goes
he goes three quarters up
like the guy never set the world on fire with this music but he goes a
distance to keep plan a great music mark arm above or below mccollins
that
although that was me at the test
actually thought that was a mike for a second i don't know what i'm about
you put him above mccollins
i like the guy
vote for them
pulling for them
i gotta put him right below mccollins
But he's on yes, well done spoonie. Thank you. No more calls shows over
Thank you to everybody who called. I wish we could keep going
But the next three hours are gonna be taken up by somebody who'd be at the top of any list of
anybody who likes great music
Evan Funk Davies has three hours of special stuff worked out for you
You're going to read the list real fast and then his show will start.
Orson Wells, guys from Pixar, Cohen Brothers, P.T. Anderson, Von Elman, Robert Johnson,
Rocky Erickson, John Kale, David Bowie, Mick Collins, Mark Arman, Edgar Wright, Charles
Barkley, Wayne Gretzky, Will Ferrell, LeBron James, Larry David, Mark Robinson, Dwayne
the Rock Johnson, Chris Rock, Gene Wilder, Shigeru Miyamoto, Nick Cave, Wolfman, Jack
Jay Retard, a tie between Tom Bosley and Bruno S, Ice T, Benny Hill, Mo Rocka, Miley Cyrus,
tie between the two chorus and Vincent Gallo.
Rayman Zarek, John Lanza, this is a tie between Michael
Band, Harmony Corinne, Dr. Demento, David Crosby,
Jared Leado, Rachel Ray Kevin Costner, Brett Ratner,
David Peel, Lee Freeman, Robert Anglin, Frank Zappa,
Damon Hurst, Fred Durst, and St. Clam Posse,
Karlsman, St. Ted Nugent.
Stay tuned for Evan Funk Davies.
He's got a special show planned for you tonight.
He's going to be going deep, deep, deep,
into the secret works of Don K. Reed,
host of the doo-op shop on CBS FM he's going to play some of his erotic
recordings that hopefully Evan will have vetted and censored for the air
tonight I hope so if you are a fan of erotic recordings stay tuned for Don
K. Reed and tribute tonight on Evan Funk Davies show here on WFM you we
We start WXHD Mount Hope World Wide and World Wide Web at WFMU.org best show.
Be back soon.
From not back next week, that means I can't take it anymore.