And this is WFMU East Orange. WXHD Mount Hope. Hurt. Worldwide. On the worldwide web at WFMU.org.
And this is the best show on WFMU.
Ahh! Wrong record! 30 minutes, bro.
Shortest... Shortest run yet.
Shortest run yet. Could you keep the old record going for me up there? Thanks.
With friends like these.
Hey, who's this?
Well, I am Buddy Shale, Governor of Alabama.
Hi, it's Gerald from Harlanner.
Tom Sharpling, Governor of Party.
Hey, Tom, it's Purple Sur.
Hey, Tom, it's Clark Michaels.
This is Richard Clark, Mr. Clark.
What's your name?
Baron.
Baron.
And what's inside the two?
I'm Clark Clark.
Maurice Kurtz.
Horrifying.
Hey, Tom, it's Bruce.
Tony.
Hey, Tom, it's Bruce.
Hey, Tom, it's Bruce.
Hey, Tom, it's Clark Michaels.
Hey, Tom, it's Bruce.
Hey, Tom, it's Bruce.
And well what's inside the two?
I'm quiet.
Maurice Kurt?
Horrifying.
Hey, Thomas Bruce.
Tommy!
Who's this?
Genji Vitis.
Yes, they have Rick Velodie at the wall.
I guess it was.
I hate you.
It's Peter.
Hey, it's Steinberg.
Mm-hmm.
You are creepy and I'm hanging upon you.
Boing.
Roger Douglas.
My name is Ollie Fairnock.
I'll say it.
You'll hear it.
You'll do it.
I'll get it.
You'll learn it.
I'll live with it.
And you'll die without it.
Smash or trash.
Good day.
What's up, Tom? It's Justin.
Hey, it's Michelle.
Yeah, Tom, this is Jim Riffle. How you doing?
When I get to do the toilet talk now.
The bar feel of the new century.
My name is Tom Riley.
I'm calling from New Zealand.
Hey, man, it's Brian.
Ted, don't stand with that. It's a tent pole.
It's a tent pole show.
Hey, this is Ted Lea.
Whaaaaaat?
This is Pete from the Future.
Hi, Tom. It's DJ Terry Chase.
Hey, from Knoxville.
Super caller.
It's Officer Tom.
My name is Mike Zajak.
Get off my phone, I don't care!
Hey, this is it, becans, man.
I'm going to go to bed now, by phone.
Hey, Charlie, it's Gordon.
Hey, Gordon, how are you?
I was in a band in the early 90s, my name's Jerry Page.
Tom, why do you miss Jeffrey Ludell?
It's a fat, diseased, wilder, ragged neck, isn't it?
The disenfranchised have a home now.
I'm the hero of the disenfranchised.
This is tonight, eight o'clock, yeah, yeah
It's just your act, cause it's time to talk, yeah
It's just your act, cause it's time to talk, yeah
I want you gotta do it
Turn on your radio down
Don't shout, give it a purpose, smile
I'll pour some water into the pressure
Don't let me in the pressure
Don't let me in the pressure
You let me in the best show, tell me you let me in the best show
Tell me you let me in the best show, tell me you let me in the best show
Ain't no more love in the heart of the sea
Ain't no love in the heart of time
Ain't no love in the show of the beauty
Ain't no love cause you ain't enough
When you and I, oh, I was feeling so good
cause your love lit up, it's all made with wood
but now that you're gone, you know the sun don't shine
from the city hall to the county line
and that's why I said it ain't no love in the heart of the city
Ain't no love in the heart of time
Ain't no love in the show is a pity
Ain't no love cause you ain't around
Every place that I go, oh it seems so strange
Without you there, things will change
When nights are cold, there's a blanket of blue
Another chill I fall in my lonely room
I say that I ain't no love in the heart of the city
I ain't no love in the heart of time
I ain't no love, ain't it a pity
I ain't no love, cause you ain't no love
And now that you've got all this I don't shine
From the city hall to the county line
I say that ain't no love in the heart of the city
Ain't no love in the heart of time
Ain't no love, this show is a pity
Ain't no love, cause you ain't a lie
Cause you ain't a lie
Ain't no love in the heart of the city
Ain't no love in this great big old town
Ain't no love, ain't it a pity?
Ain't no love, you ain't no love
Ain't no love, you ain't no love
I've seen you twice in a short time Only a week since we started
It seems to me, for every time I'm getting more open high
I want a solid possible case No one ever could reach me
But I think I can see in your face There's a lot you can teach me
So I want love What's the name of the game?
Does it mean anything to you?
What's the name of the game?
Can you believe it the way I do?
Tell me please,
Of course I have to know
On the dashboard child
The evening to grow
And you make me talk
And you make me feel
And you make me show
What I'm trying to conceive
If I'm trusting you
Would you let me down?
Would you let me
If I said, I care for you
Could you be the same way to write what I know?
The name of the game
My head no friends
No one to see, and I am near by inviting.
But I am here, talking to you.
No wonder I get excited.
Your smile and the song of your voice
and the way you see through me
Got a feeling to give it up, John's
But it means a lot to me
So I wanna know
What's the name of the game?
No, it's mine and it's on your phone
Does it mean anything to you?
Got a feeling to give it up, John's
But it means a lot
That's the name of the game
No, it's mine and it's on your phone
And you're dealing the way I do
Tell me please, cause I had to know
I'm a bashful child
Beginning to grow
And you make me feel good
And you make me feel good
And you make me sure
What I'm trying to conceive
If I'm trusting you
Will you let me down?
Would you let back me?
If I said I care for you
Would you be the same way too?
I want to know
Oh, yes, I want to know
The name of the game
I was a impossible game
Doesn't mean anything to you
But I think I can see in your face
And it keeps love
What's the name of the game?
Your smile and the sound of your heart
And you think the way I do
Got a feeling and even I'm drunk
But it keeps love
What's the name of the game?
I've lost the possible pain
That's convenient, if they do
To you
This is what I think I can see in your face
And it means a lot
The worst of me was if you ain't got a smile
Memories of the pieces of the puzzle, you want to, memories of your pieces of gold
Memories that you walk when you want to see you wonder
Memories that you teach is a call
Don't all the rings that you treasure and truffle
Don't all the rings that you want
Going in your eyes, down the decades forever Going in your eyes, now it ends
Memories for joy and laughter
Bringing memories that aren't you after
Uh-oh
Uh-oh
You know
I
Fm you you're on the air. Yeah, you know, I think you're just such sour grapes
I'm not even a huge Bob Dylan fan at all. You don't you don't say hi. You don't say hi. Well. Hi. Hello. Oh, I'm sorry
Just put you put you out there to say hello. Well geez
I mean, you're so busy ripping everybody to shreds. What do you care whether I say hello because I'm a polite person
Oh, okay, so I can't have it if I can't have an opinion
Yeah, you can have an opinion. Okay. I'm sorry. You can have an opinion
But I just feel like you're being a provocateur sounds like you have an opinion
Only allowed to have opinions
Um, of course, but I just think you're having an opinion to have an opinion. I
I dropped 950 on this thing.
You give me my money back, I'll give you my opinion.
I went to see it twice. I went to see it in the Woodstock Film Festival.
I paid $20 for it there, and now I just went to see it the other day,
and I think I could see it again.
Oh, great. I'm glad you enjoyed it.
I didn't.
You can't understand that? I didn't like it.
It's really not about who Bob Dylan is.
It's about who we think he is.
he is
i know that sort of archetyped for us
but you don't think i couldn't figure that out
obviously didn't mean anything to you know obviously i didn't enjoy i just
didn't like it
okay well tell me why
i just talked about it for thirty five minutes i think that was before i tuned
in
so wait a minute you're gonna now
you're gonna get on me i just talked about the movie
and you didn't hear me talk about it
Right, I guess I'll have to listen to your podcast.
Yeah, I guess so.
Here I go!
For the top show
There isn't any debate
So if you're looking for the top show
Double your weapon
The best show
Double your weapon
The best show
Double your weapon
The best show
Oh, oh, oh.
Okay, yes, yes.
shows back yes yes here we are yes all right let's see what goes oh there's
already a line flashing that's can I leave yet Mike can I just leave right
now I have no idea who is this gonna be a good call at least it's got potential
Okay, doesn't every call have potential though? Isn't that kind of how?
When they haven't happened yet
They all have potential
All right, everybody it's the best show on WFM you here for another Tuesday not installment
I'm the host of tonight's episode. My name is top-sharpling. I will be with you for
three hours of Mirth music in mayhem. We already have taken care of
of tier three of that three pronged assault.
No, that's tier two.
Actually, there was some mayhem in there,
so we majored in tier two, minored in tier three.
Clinic, from their hot new album, Do It.
We heard memories.
Hot stuff from them.
I'm the domino label.
Before that, that's right.
ABA box coming through, another fantastic contribution from ABA the album not to be
confused with the album called ABA that's right they had a self-titled album and
they had an album called ABA the album we heard the name of the game the extended
version not that crummy little single version that America thrilled to back in
1978 seven or eight seven you know what though I'm gonna say America thrilled
to in 78 though released in 77 did its job in 78 before that starting us off
Bobby blue bland from the anthology this collection of all his hits to CD set we
heard uh... ain't no love in the heart of the city
nice cover he's uh...
smoking on the cover
and
he's it's not only is he smoking his cigarette he's got the the longest ash
on this cigarette
what a horrible package this is
in terms of graphic design there's a and there's a blurry photo of him on the
back cover holding the mic as if he was stuck in space and it was the only
oxygen line available to him but this is available if you want this is what I
say if you have any complaints about the artwork contact MCA records that's M
Some as in Michael, C as in Charlie, A as in Adam, Records, 22-20 Colorado Avenue, Santa
Monica, California, is CA, California or Colorado, it's California, 904-04, write them a letter
and say, hey, the packaging on that Bobby Blue Bland record is not up to snuff.
you guys plan to do about it and then they will probably not do anything in
response because no nobody works there anymore because the music industry is
in a free fall. Let's get this call out of the way 201-209-9368 that's the number
201-209-9368. Oh, what are we gonna do here? Oh, I got such a knot in my stomach.
I did not want to be here tonight.
Let's do it. Can't go around it.
Gotta go throw it.
FM, you're on the air.
What's up, man? It's Chris from Alabama. How you doing, man?
Chris from Alabama?
You got it, brother.
How are you tonight?
I'm doing good, man. I'm calling you rookie style, too.
I've been listening to you since about January, February.
Just a killer show, man. I love it.
You've got the best intro music in radio.
You like the intro music. Oh my god. It's wonderful. I'm humming that day in and day out. It is catchy
Because I've got some great stuff for you. It's complimenting the show stop the clock
All right, my question for you, man
This is a rapid fire question to take it seriously
Community radio. What's that say?
They offer you $115,000 a year and they give you three hours a night.
To be heard where?
Let's give you New York Market, man.
$115,000 or $150,000?
$115,000.
And the reason I'm keeping you in New York and I think that's legitimate is because radio
It's just really hurting or at least corporate radio man
Now is this is are they paying me all up front or is this divided over weeks?
Well, we're gonna have to pay you monthly man, but what we're gonna do is we're gonna give you wicked sign on bonus
What is the sign on bonus?
Let's give you let's give you 25 grand up front. Okay
What's a Christmas party like at the at this company?
Well, I mean, you know radio, a lot of corporate radio frauds are a little bit heavy set, but...
Get off my phone, you sick misogynist. I'm gonna time for that. The only positive thing
about that whole thing is that guy was on hold for 35 minutes to say that. What a sicko.
Hey, man. That's how good a man will give you wicked sign on, but sign on bonus.
yeah I saw you mean a signing bonus sign on bonus what am I logging on to
mind spring then we sign on yeah and by the way internet is something we have
up here Joe Alabama it's this thing with it you can listen to rate actually you
must be listening down in Alabama this line of mockery is not tracking FM you
you're on the air
hi
it's all that can roger's
can roger's
yet how are you
i'm doing okay
this can roger's you mean can roger's the author
exactly that we've spoken a few times i i think yes
why i remember very uh... vividly
talking to you
sure sure uh... you were the guy just for anybody who does not remember
can roger's is the guy you you're the one who who you have some sort of
mental uh...
for lack of a better term some sort of a mental sickness
that that compels you to curse
and to say the sickest stuff every time you call
wait
help
no one
well i mean i i i know i i've struggled with
with issues over over the past couple years or so when i'm
i'm sorry that you have been uh...
what's the word privy
that's a word right privy privy is a word yes i've never liked that word
is it the two v's in it
no i think it reminds me in some odd way of of like panty
i don't know why
you know like skippy's you know that's like i really do not like that word
skippy's are panties i i don't like either wait are there two v's or three
v's in in uh... privy
i think there's three i think okay i i i think that the military uh...
can you check that mike
uh... mike is the uh... associate producer on the program
and call screener
i thought the call screener thing was on berto
it's not on berto it's mike
uh...
yeah but and so yeah the word privilege i thought we were waiting for uh... for
the uh...
the privy
information we'll get that later in the program
uh... program another one of my least favorite words
yeah i don't know why
i don't have much of a problem with program
uh... now you
yes for people who who might not remember
you wrote a book called five steps to happiness
incorporating your personal values into the workplace
and basically it was a book about uh...
you know i
I guess when I first heard about the book, it was back at my workplace.
There was a guy in personnel brought in a copy, and was encouraging people to read it, and
a lot of people were skeptical of it, and I was skeptical also, but then something intrigued
me about it.
So I did read it, and I really did respond to it, especially like there was a thought
behind it that I responded to, like the notion that you've got two lives. You've got a life
in the workplace and a life outside of the workplace and how they should not necessarily
be separate. Like the role you play outside of the workplace shouldn't be separate from
the role you play in the workplace. Especially when it comes to making decisions and stuff
like that and you know establishing you know dynamics amongst co-workers so
yeah it was a very helpful book I thought and I've had you on what four
times I want to say seven seven okay it might have very well have been seven
yeah and every time the interview goes on you end up saying something and I
I have to bleep you from the air.
Well, Tom, I know I've apologized.
What's the term?
Add infinitum?
I think so.
I'm going to say yes.
OK, it is that it is, which sounds weird because it sounds
almost like it's an advertisement for some sort of car.
Oh, yeah, exactly.
A car called an infinitum.
Yes.
Isn't that odd?
is it if there is an infinity is a car right i think so but it always makes me
wonder if they be back in the days of like
i don't know like did these cars you know like that in the early rock and
roll era
if there was a car called the
the infant item
if i don't think about i don't know you don't have to think about uh-huh
something i think about you know i'm i'm
i consider myself a thinker
sure sure now are you still promoting uh... five steps to happiness is that
why you're calling no actually i'm promoting a new book
really you have a new book out
i do and
you know uh... in a very roundabout way you play
of major part in this book in that
you know my calls to you in the past had been like you said
off saying something and then
I wouldn't lose my train of thought but there would be something inside of me that would
make me, you know, just, you know, say the wrong thing in a major way, you know, in a
major body way.
Yes.
No body is being very, a very, I know, I know, I know, very gentle.
Dirty would be.
a dirty is so i would say calling would use
you're being kind calling would you were saying uh... calling a pornography is
being
is is being uh... it's showing a sense of uh... decorum
well don't judge me okay because you know why
because i'm just you
well okay
i got not i'm sorry i i can't even say that that
that's wrong
that part of my ninety two step program
uh-huh that i'm taking right now the judging
Yes, yeah. That's 74. It's not good to judge others. Oh, no, no, no. So my new book is basically, you know, it's my story.
It's called the Helen back. That's one word to Helen back. Okay. Yeah. And so I'm basically, you know,
I'm talking about the book and how I have made a complete 180.
I know a lot of people say I've made a 360, but that is, of course, wrong.
Yes, it puts you right back to where you started.
Exactly, that's where you started.
Yes.
So a 180 would be the exact opposite of where you started.
Yes, you would be as far away from where you started as you possibly could be.
Absolutely.
So, if you don't mind, I would love to read a segment of the first chapter of this.
It's so powerful, and I think a lot of your listeners will just be very moved, and they
don't have to buy the book if they don't want to, but I think if they hear just these
first two pages of this book, they will, their lives will be changed, okay?
Okay, so you want to read something from to Helen back?
Exactly, okay?
one word though it is it is one word yes it's okay the first chapter is it is
called bottoming out colon lord please help me okay okay oh my I did you that's
how he started his book that's the first thing in his book that's supposed to be
about his recovery? Could you hear that, Mike? That was sick. What publisher is letting
him put that out? Hustler. I don't know. Does Hustler do fine literate? Fun. You know what?
That was too filthy for Hustler. Larry Flint would reject that saying, that was too filthy.
wouldn't be happy with that Larry Flint to a Larry Flint impression that was sick
though Ken Rogers might never let that guy through now you hear me Ken Rogers
that was the most disgusting I can't I didn't I'm trying to unpicture that I'm
trying to unsee that that image that's gonna that's gonna stay with me for a
a while. Oh boy. Wow.
Who? Shake it off. Shake it off, Tom. That is usually how I shake things off, by the
way like a dog phone number 201 209 9368
best shows here for another Tuesday night installment can't stop this show
people try to stop it goons the creeps the second Raiders got no time I want a
mission this stuff's going down in the Hall of Fame not just the radio Hall of
Fame there's gonna be the Hall of Fame of just everything this Hall of Fame is
It's going to be so magnificent that they're going to cherry pick stuff from the Smithsonian.
And some of the stuff they're going to reject will make your head spin.
The spirit of St. Louis is not making it into this hall of fame.
Just so you know.
201, 209, 93, why am I giving the number out?
I don't want to talk to you right now.
This is not down at the wreck hall hanging out, so everybody gets a talk.
You ruined it for you?
That's sicko from Alabama.
That backwards, uh, you know what, yeah, I'm calling someone from Alabama backwards.
That guy's backwards.
I'm not just saying he's backwards because he's from Alabama.
I think I can be from Massachusetts and be backwards.
I love hearing Mike screen the calls.
So what do you want to talk about? That's not a good sign.
Right there. We are already off to a...
What are the odds on this one, Mike?
thank you at least thank you for being uh... upfront
a challenge
fm you're on the air
a lot of
yes
how are you talk about richie here
talk boat richie here we go
you know what's up with my man
what's up about richie
uh... i'm sitting right now on the start of the talk with babysitting his
barge in the your car
waiting for orders probably go to head south can i give you an order
walk the plank of your uh... talk about
I've done that before.
I'm sure you have you banged your head on the side of it, too, didn't you?
Oh, man.
Drink a little too much salt water?
I just want to call and say, oh, Lordie, how are you doing a good job?
Oh, thank you.
You like the show out there on the tugboat?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Everybody here thinks I'm nuts because I look at the FMU,
but they don't appreciate everybody on the tugboat thinks you're nuts.
Right.
That's it.
Actually, you've got to be nuts to be on a tugboat.
You wanna know what?
That sounds probably pretty accurate.
Yeah, that's right.
All right, listen, Tom.
Oh, you're done with me.
You're done with me now.
Get off my phone.
Guy in a tugboat's gonna tell me when the call's over.
You're lucky I went that far with you.
I should've hung up the second you went, rrr.
The second the guy did, that was his intro, rrr.
That should've been enough for me to say good night.
I hung out with you and this tugboat guy's gonna tell me
when he's, I've done all I can do here.
I'm finished with you.
Was he dusting his hands, clapping his hands together?
He's done?
Tug boat, Richie.
Weirdly enough, it's one of the best callers of 2008.
Please keep calling back, Tug boat, Richie.
You are leading the pack of new callers.
There's a bad crop, I'm telling you, there's a bad crop.
Bad crop. Happens every once in a while.
Bad crop. Sometimes it's a good crop in a year.
You have a year where you get a...
You get an eddy and a Martin for medicine.
But this year
Got that
Julie
You got a tugboat Richie and
That guy in North Hollywood Steve
Thinks he can bamboozle me with his Hollywood ways gets the kid from drill bit Taylor on
Thumbs down thumbs down all around
Unbelievable.
Did you see who directed a commercial, Mike?
A Bud commercial?
No kidding.
Harmony Corrine.
He directed two Bud commercials.
Isn't that great?
What?
I'm going to hang up on you, you're hearing I'm going to hang up on you.
What meatloaf cell phone commercial are you talking about?
Now I have to Google that.
I'm going to just type in meatloaf cell phone.
Meatloaf cell phone.
the cell phone s-e-l-l-l-l
meatlet there is
congratulations meatloaf you were in the world of a commercial advertising
now
you have officially bottomed out
it's like he hit the bottom floor in a trap door opened
He thought he'd finally, well, this is the bottom.
Oh, thud.
Oh, I can't go any lower than this.
Well, there's some comfort, at least,
knowing I went as, oh, that's right.
There is that chiller autograph convention.
Where is that at the metal lands?
I would like to advise both the federal authorities and the local authorities that this is a good opportunity
to dust off the patty wagons, set up, just start arresting people on general principles
and sort it out down at the police station.
I'm telling you, the people at those...
<E.D.> Patrick will be a leading light at this one.
Jason Muse is going to grate, the guy from Silent Bob, and Jay and Silent Bob with Jay will be there.
How much an autograph?
So you go to this horror convention, and Jason Muse is there, and he's charging you $25 for an autograph.
How sad is that?
Does he write anything you want on it?
Snoochie-boo-chies.
I'm sure he writes snoochie, but whether you want it or not.
Snoochie-boo-chies.
I already, I didn't, I'm not even going to this thing and I want a refund.
I feel like somebody owes me money just having been exposed to the notion of it.
Ugh.
What should I do here?
You know what I'm always looking for?
best show hall of champions. I've had that written down for about two and a half
years, best show hall of champions. I don't even know what it means at this
point but at some point I have to cross it off from this notebook. So if
somebody could call and tell me what it is and then we can talk about it and
And then I can cross it off.
Mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm
That's what that song's missing.
But it's bull.
You know I can't stand also on things like that where they put the things in songs.
Studio talk before the thing starts like people laughing on a record.
You know like when it's like let's do this one and then the song starts like you hear
way in the background as if it's just so casual like how'd that end up on this finished
product of an album?
heavens apparently someone forgot to edit out that studio dialogue before we
began recording the actual song stop it everyone stop it all of you stop it
just me and my diet coke the only friend I have on earth
I'm not even crazy about you anymore.
FMU, you're on the air.
Yes, hello sir.
Oh, hi.
How are you?
I'm okay.
What can I do for you tonight?
I am conducting a poll.
Okay.
Maybe you could help answer some questions for me.
Well, is this going to take a while?
No, I don't know.
Probably no more than three minutes.
Okay, I would answer a poll, sure, go ahead.
Are you a citizen of New Bridge, New Jersey?
Yes, I am.
I'm calling to find out if you think New Bridge, New Jersey
is in need of new leadership.
Um, yes.
Do you think that new leadership should come
from outside of the New Bridge community?
Possibly.
Define possibly.
I would be willing to entertain the idea of a candidate from outside of Newbridge.
Er, one last question.
Yes.
Do you own a green car?
Yes, I do.
Er, one more question.
Okay.
Does it have a meat puppet sticker on the back window?
Yes. Okay. Why? Be there in a second. What? Oh. Oh no. I do not like how this is shaping.
I'm going to say it's shaping down. Not shaping up. Ugh. What's that? Somebody's at the door.
at the door. Yes, please, please do. How many more minutes have we have 120, 130 minutes
left and then I can go home? That's all I wanted. One night piece, one night. Oh, somebody's
knocking on the studio door. Come in. Oh, hi. Oh my god. It's you. Yes. It's me. I thought
this was just some creepy house. No, it's not a creepy house. It's Philly boy Roy. What
are you doing here? What am I doing? I'm campaigning. You're campaigning? Oh, yeah. Let me see if
If I, let's try that.
I think I can hear you now.
Try it.
You got me.
No, you don't got me yet.
I don't think I don't think I got you.
You're right.
You got me now.
I don't.
Oh, no.
OK.
Well, let me.
Let's try.
Try it again now.
You know, one time I jumped up on stage with Robert Hazard
and I started doing mic checks.
Test, test, test, test, check.
Yeah.
Can you put a little reverb on my voice?
Let me see if I can, that I can.
Check, we're riding on the escalator of life.
We're shopping in the human mall.
We want it all, let me go switch to the Hoosiers, okay?
And we danced on the wave of the ocean romance.
We was lawyers in love and we danced.
Can you hear the reverb?
Oh, it sounds great.
It's like I'm getting crushed by the waves down at Barnagut.
Wow.
Well, you know, I'll tell you one time I went down the barn again.
Yeah.
Shrooms.
Okay.
You know what?
I got to say goodbye to the feedback.
Dosed.
You got it.
I kind of miss it now.
Yeah.
Well, we'll revisit it.
I'm not picturing this.
This visit is not going to last too much longer.
So why don't we say that that was...
What time is it now?
Like 10 till 9?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Probably go to 11.
Until 11?
Okay.
Well, I kind of had other things planned.
like what I'm playing some of those records yeah yeah red cross yeah red
cross big dipper there you go you know I once went to see big dipper over at
Dobbs yeah across the road sure yeah guess what I did what through eggs at
them you did because they stunk you didn't like them they stunk no they
don't stay now they're not heard they're getting back together yeah yes they are
Yeah, they're doing shows this week. I don't like it. I do I do so we can
Yeah, agree to disagree. Okay. Yeah, let's let's agree to disagree
So so what what brings you into New Jersey? I'm campaigning
Campaigning for you you announced you're running for the mayor. I mean you believe in a Tory name. Okay. Yeah action
Not blend blend. No bin. Oh, not like bin Laden
Yes, the word the word bin is like bin Laden. No, it's not it's not an endorsement
I don't like that at all.
I'm sure you...
And I'm sure my Constinilinuchetants won't like that either.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
You're...
What was that word again?
Constinilin...
Constinilin...
That your Constinilincents won't like it either.
Well, in layman's terms, my peeps.
Your peeps.
Okay.
Yeah.
I'm campaigning.
I'm stumping.
Uh-huh.
going door to door or stump and you know yeah like meeting the people no
stumping well no that's what stumping is no not in Philly well I'm finding out
that there's a difference between stumping down there and stumping up
beer yeah yeah what what is stumping stumping I'm not you up here yeah what is
it I mean what is it down there well stumping down there is you know you
go to like the park or something or some you could go to like where these like
dead trees are and stuff yeah and then you pull the stump out yeah and you
throw it through a car window why and that's stumping yeah well and what does
that have to do with campaigning for any sort of election well it's a term I
heard once about during some election coverage you know like you know the
people who's running right now for I don't know what is it president it is
president yet story a clinton
hillary
and also uh... no it's a obama
uh...
barack obama about you got i can barely remember his name talking to you
actually like no his first name is obama
like no that's his last name it sounds arab
it
i don't like it you don't like it i don't like it
well
that's why we have elections everybody can vote for who they want and they
should vote for me
Not from president.
No, from mayor of New Bridge.
Yeah.
So you're running and it's,
did you meet anybody from New Bridge today though,
getting out in the bound?
Oh yeah, I met a wonderful gentleman.
He was an older man.
He was in, he's kind of housebound.
Uh huh.
Yeah.
Okay.
So you went to his door and introduced yourself?
I did, yeah.
He was sort of morbidly obese.
To the extreme.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. He entertained me. How did he entertain you? With his singing. Uh-huh.
What kind of singing? I guess it would be called barbershop music. And did he
have a very deep voice? Oh yes. Yeah. You know what else? What else he had? What? A
very large cumber bond. Yes. Yeah. I didn't know. I think that is a guy by the
name of Zachary Brimstone. Oh yes we're gonna go out drinking tonight. Define out.
You know out in Newbridge. Yeah but how can he leave that? I thought you said he
was house man. Well he is I'm gonna kind of pry him through the door I bought a
whole bunch of butter today so I'm going I'm going to like pull him through the
door and they're gonna go to Zonkers. Okay so you're gonna just you think that
Butter is going to be the solution that he'll just kind of slather. Yeah, there will be slathering. He'll kind of
Squish through the door. Oh, yeah, they'll be squishing to get into my into my pacer. Uh-huh. Well, your your pacer is in for a
Special evening. Oh, yeah
With that guy. You're going to vote for me or not. Um, you know what? I'm weighing all of my uh options right now
really still i'm still considering you're not going to vote for call screener
terrence are you mike
who's that
uh... that's the guy who screens calls no it's parents
it's it's mike
it's it's it's it's his name is mike
with what what led you to believe his name was terry it just seems like a name
that he would have
now he he he kind of looks like a mike to me not really now
uh-huh now now he looks
English English yeah like John and Twistle John and with thunder fingers yeah
oh no I saw the who at JFK Stadium on the it's hard tour yeah guess what I was
on um one guess it's all you get acid no oh I'm sorry you dunce what were you
on trims oh why of course what why I guess what they opened with why they
You know, no, let me just, I want to just ask that question in the largest sense, Bob.
Okay.
Why?
Just why?
Why?
Why?
Why, why do I ask you, what they opened with?
What did they open with?
I'm going to be honest and say I don't know because I was in the parking lot vomiting
year.
Yeah.
You weren't.
You know why I was vomiting?
Why?
Well, I had the shrooms and I also had something else.
What?
Yeah.
Wawa.
Well, yeah, Wawa, gyms, pads, chinos.
You had all of those.
And my mom made me one too.
I think that was the kicker.
The one your mother made.
Yeah.
You know why?
Why?
It had peanut shoes in it.
In it?
Yeah.
Not like, you mean in the middle of the sandwich?
Oh yeah, you know what the bun was?
What?
Crimpets.
Ew.
Don't judge her.
No, I'm what?
She's a saint.
Well, that does sound a little, uh,
Murna Ziggler.
Murna, your mother's name was Murna.
What's, why are you laughing?
I'm not laughing.
You are laughing.
Oh, you was laughing, you was laughing.
Trust me, I'm just uncomfortable.
Okay, why, why are your shorts in a bunch?
No.
It's not.
Ow.
Ow.
Is that a little button you put on there on your lap now?
I kind of didn't mind it though.
The button?
On your lap.
Okay, only do it again?
No.
It might pop up.
Who knows?
I'm sure it will.
Maybe Dougal your call screen or we'll say something for me.
What name?
Dougal? Dougal. Yeah, what's his name? Mike. Who? Why can't anyone remember Mike's name?
I don't know. He's so forgettable. Dude, Mike, do you get this in any other facet of your life?
No. It seems like you would. That people would get his name wrong? Yeah.
Dude, his name's not Dougal. And by the way, you're listening to WFMU East Orange,
W-X-H-D amount hope worldwide on the worldwide web at W-F-M-U dot O-R-G dot dot net
No
W-F-M-U dot O-R-G
This is the best show in W-F-M-U two more hours to go to yes to I can feel it
Watch me. Why don't you just get out of your seat and I'll get in there
No, this is where why not that people want to hear me talk about them issues. They're hearing it
It's not like they can hear you anymore over here.
Your mic looks a lot better than mine.
Did you ever see American Hot Wax?
I don't think I did. I know the movie.
Oh, yeah. Wait, you didn't see it, but you know the music.
I know of it.
Alan Freed.
Yeah.
From that show.
Candid Camera.
Well, no, that's Alan Funt.
Who's that?
He's the host of Candid Camera.
No, he ain't.
No, we ain't.
Alan...
Alan Funt.
Freed.
Funt.
No, Alan Freed.
No, it's Alan Funt.
Alan Funt.
No, no, his name was Funt.
I don't get it.
Let's talk issues.
The issues.
What are you going to do about that sinkhole?
In Newbridge?
Yeah.
Will you tell me?
You're the one running for major.
I'll tell you exactly what we're going to do.
Why are you asking me?
What I'm going to do about it?
here's what I'm gonna do okay okay we get 49,000 cheese steaks okay from
wallaw yeah yeah the works not sure he's neither you you're getting you're
getting foot loss oh yeah yeah we shall lack them okay just like how we do the
run of the cheese steaks okay now yeah only there ain't no little buggies yeah
yeah or little people okay yeah no offense to the little munchkins stop
That's not that's not correct at all. What is it? Calling people that much. Okay, the little midgets
No, that's more offensive than anything. Little teeny people. Stop that. No, please
I'm just gonna ride this out now like a surfboard. I'm just riding this out. Okay. Did you ever surf down at Barnock it? No
How about ship bottom?
I've never been to ship. Oh, it's great. The waves are great. They're at least two and a half feet high
those yeah those are those waves on the on the east coast oh yeah so anyway
here's what we're gonna do we're gonna shellacnam hokeys yeah we're gonna fill
them in the sinkhole and we're gonna pave it over mm-hmm okay we're gonna
pave it over with a lot of concrete and a catam mm-hmm and then to seal the deal
yeah you know who's going to play a rock concert on top of it um you got one
guess the hooters it's like you're inside my mind no I've actually spoken to you
guess what song they're gonna do and we danced oh my god yeah okay yeah I've
talked to you before this is do you want to be my run 95% no well you running
made for mayor yeah like you're like I know why you're not gonna do it what
Cuz you can't get an M37 signature. I don't you never ever ever will. I don't want to be mayor. You do. I really don't.
Ask call-screener Gator.
Mike.
Who's that?
That's the call-screener. His name's not Gator. I think it's Gator.
It's not Gator.
From White Lightning.
No, well that's just a character. You say you're saying he's literally the character from the movie.
from the movie. Is any? No, that's Bert Reynolds. He looks just like him except for the moustache
and the toupee. Yeah, his mic is not wearing a toupee. It will. And does not have a moustache.
And that was from the 70s also. Oh yeah, greatest decade ever. The 70s? Oh yeah. Alright. Yeah.
Remember the them Miami Dolphins? Yeah. I hated them. I'm sure. Mercury Morris though.
like him good chap you you were more of a obviously an eagle oh yeah Harold
Carmichael jaws yeah you know I also loved who not in that kind of way yeah
who Roman Roman Gabriel Roman Gabriel oh yeah I was not much of a football fan
Wait. What?
I wasn't.
Okay.
I'm sorry.
Not even the USFL?
I was not a fan now.
Oh, great.
Weirdly enough, I was an XFL fan for that one year.
Oh, you know who I loved?
Who?
Guess.
The hitman?
No! One specific player!
He hate me?
Uh-huh.
You like him?
Yeah.
You know why?
Why?
hate me he did hate me actually you know why why because I threw a stick of
butter at him one night why I don't know why I did it it was just so funny
uh-huh and what where was this it was at one of their games you went to an XFL
game of course I did yeah yeah yeah yeah I don't think there was a Philly team
though oh no there should have been though yeah you know they should have
been called what Philly fever Philly fever yeah why well the names were all
kind of aggressive that's that's almost the most tame name of all the XFL teams
okay well maybe it should have been called the Philly murderers well I did
yeah now you're going completely the other way no I ain't you ain't gone the
other way is where you ain't going sorry either I don't follow that at all what
you ain't going the other way is where you ain't going not yeah I think that's
would you just say that's exactly what I just said okay I'm I'm very confused
okay do you see shine a light the Rolling Stone oh yeah I did not I loved it
except for one thing what it was filmed in New York yeah that's right it was
filmed in New York they should have filmed it at the Tower Theatre you know
why why cuz that's where I first bonged out what what show was that oh
Oh geez, B-O-C, Blue Oyster Cult, tyranny and mutation tool, yeah.
You like that era of Blue Oyster Cult?
Roy?
Hey, Roy.
Roy.
Roy.
Hello?
Yeah.
You're here, right, in the studio.
Have you ever been to that store that's near here?
It's almost like a convenience store.
Doss is even under elf?
Yes.
Yeah, it's a German 7-11.
Yeah, they was giving away some free samples of something.
Yeah, it was good stuff.
Well, what was it?
It's almost like a lip balm.
Yeah, oh, and you didn't take any, did you?
Oh, no.
That's blue.
That's what that is.
Roy.
Roy.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Wake up.
Okay.
Yeah.
That was.
Just give me a second and I'll totally wake up.
Okay.
Hey.
Oh man.
Yeah.
Oh great.
Cue up escalator of life and I'll sing along with the entire thing.
Hurry.
Come on please.
Please.
Why don't I'll sing it for you?
Okay, got my monster at the easy market at the rock and roll supermarket music music make me feel so funky
I went and spent all my money
We're riding on the escalator of life. We're shopping in them human mall. We want it all
escalator of life
Wow that
Those are pretty powerful lyrics ain't they yeah, you know, he also wrote girls's want to have fun
Yes, he did for Cindy Locker. Yeah Cindy Locker Locker who was there was a hit. She's from up here actually
Yeah, I just found the names of the XFL teams. Okay, name them
in the Eastern Division
there was the
Birmingham Thunderbolts
the Chicago enforcers
the New York, New Jersey, hitman and the Orlando rage that's just that's just one
little division that's four teams yeah well that's the entire Eastern
conference that's oh my god there were eight teams oh Vince yes but in the
Western division there were the Las Vegas outlaws that's who he hate me
played for now? Um, I'm not sure who you hate me played for. The Los Angeles
extreme. Okay. The Memphis maniacs with an X. You know where the Los Angeles
extreme played where they played their games? Where the whiskey a go go? No,
that's a rock club. Yeah, but their turnouts were so small they had the
downsides from the Coliseum to the whiskey and then down to Rogers. I don't and
And then down to Al's bar.
Why?
They were not playing football games at bars.
Oh, I think they was.
No.
Okay, go ahead.
Who else was in there?
The final team would be the San Francisco Demons.
Okay.
I thought it'd be something else.
No.
And they played ten games for the season and the who won it all, it looks like the Los
Angela's extreme one at all. Oh, they were good. Yeah, didn't one of them guys actually go on to them pros
Yeah, he hate me did. I thought some some some cudger back did. I
Don't know. There's actually let me see. I think there's a list of guys who made it
What do you think he hate me's doing right now besides lines?
Besides that no, you can't say the Ben you just can't say that. I'm doing him
What just because you're doing them. Yeah, doesn't mean everybody else's yeah
Open up use phone lines and ask how many people out there doing lines
Real okay, we'll do first one to
five if
It's the five five people say yes five people say no, and I need proof to
201 209 9368
you're right there Roy oh yeah let's see who's out there doing lines we'll see
if anybody you know what I want to do actually I want to I'm gonna play a
record not Red Cross no no not Big Dipper no not Red Cross or Big Dipper
It's going to be Neil Diamond.
Not Neil Diamond.
Let me just see, actually, a couple of people are calling now, saying they're, FMU, you're
on the air.
Hi, yeah, I'm not doing lines.
There you go.
There's one for not doing lines.
So.
Thank you.
FMU.
Yeah, I do.
You doing?
Yep.
Great.
That's my man.
FMU you're on the air hello hello hey oh not a whole lot just doing radio show
here trying to stay on a very specific topic so what's going on with you so
not that much who's this like the chime is Casey from a story of Casey from a
story of how are you Casey doing all right you are you last week showed
yourself to be possibly a rookie of the year material yeah it's possible yeah
forget that it's over you had your shot wait what story was he a story a it's a
town fm you you're on the air hi oh geez loud who is this you sound sexy what
you sound sexy what's your whole story Tom are you um internet accessible yes
I am. What's the young callers name? Laurie. Laurie. Is there any chance you could send
a JPEG? I think that might be arranged. Geez. Okay. I am a huge fan. I am discouraging
I am so excited now why are you courting this why are you courting this
Laurie why are you courting this I just wanted to call in and wish WFM you a
happy birthday that's truly fit the actual 50th birthday of WFM you is on
Thursday I didn't have radio back then they do I love your laugh okay um I'm not
doing lines I just wanted to put that out there sorry well a little bit of a
turn off now sorry that's okay okay well bye guys okay okay Joe lucky go if I'm
You're on the air
He's faking yeah, you think you're right if you was doing long if you was doing long
She'd be just like me. You'd be like oh my god. Wait. We can't be wrong. It has her. You know you wouldn't be like
He's doing downers
FM you you're on the air
Yeah, I'm not. I'm not you alive. Okay, he's doing lines. I love it. There you go. That's two three. Yes
First one to five wins wins. Yeah, what a victory that will it is
Hey Tom. Yeah, did you hear that? Yes is getting back together. Which lineup?
Well, that's the thing. It's like all them guys
And you know what what kind of love affair and them guys had with Philly
With did yes. Oh absolutely when they play in the round. Oh love affair
I want you to do right now. Go online Google. Yeah, I want you to Google Jeff Downs
G-E-O-F-F. Yes, D-O-N
Downs
Yeah, however, you just yes, you're gonna find a picture of Jeff Downs
playing the keyboards he was in the little known era of yes from the drama
record yeah with Trevor Horn oh oh I didn't know I was talking to a yes
scholar I'm oh I'm sorry oh no I'll sit back and just you school me I don't oh
Sahib please just school me so so if I know something about something then I'm
Then I'm being pompous if I don't know about it, then I'm an idiot
Yeah, why?
Okay, do you see that picture? I see a couple pictures of him. Do you see a picture of Jeff Downs playing in the Phillies?
Uniform in a Phillies uniform. Yeah. Yeah, I do not. Oh my god. I've seen it
He loved the Phillies. They all did they recorded a DVD live in
1977 I believe at the spectrum in the round I was there
you were there for that yeah yeah guess why I don't remember none of it um is
that anything to do with mushrooms no there's actually a picture of Jeff Downs
here wearing a sports jersey but it is not a the Eagles jersey no I said
fillies you feel it dummy it's no it's not and it's a toyahashi it is it's a
Japanese sports team. Oh my god, what a traitor. Yeah, he's turning his back on
Philly sports. I'm gonna go into your CD record library. Yeah. And I'm gonna smash
all your yes albums, including yes songs. Clear to the edge. Drama.
Uh huh. Tormado. Tormado. Going for the one. That's right. Yeah. Tails from Topographic
From top old Grapplic Ocean. Yeah fragile fragile. Yeah the yes album. That's right
Yeah, what else I'm going to smash what 90210 if I don't think it was called that
Oh, I think it was I was 90212. I think
Look it up
I'll bet you a million dollars that I do have that you're wrong. You don't have a man. I certainly do you know why?
Why?
What?
Roy Junior gave me a million dollar bill yesterday.
Roy Junior gave you a million dollar bill.
Yes he did.
Why?
I would not.
If I was you I would hold off on spending that.
I already did.
You already spent it?
Yeah.
Where?
Well I went to Wawa and I bought some peanut juice that were like a dollar and then I
had them give me the rest of it in change.
Yeah.
Yeah and they did.
And they did.
Yeah and a check.
yeah are you sure it's not the a check that might be about as legitimate as
your million dollar bill no I'll break it out right now look I mean I know it
looks like it's on notebook paper yeah but that's an actual check yeah if you
were to start a group if you were to start yes you would probably have
actually called them yeah because you say yeah oh yeah of course I would yeah yeah
it was 902 90210 90125 no it wasn't you know I was called that why because
that was all of their what do you call it the astronomical stuff I actually
that's their signs I don't think that was correct oh I know it is I think there's
no way I'm wrong I'm pretty sure you know way in heck I would ever be wrong
about that. I think it was the catalog number of the record. What's that? It's
like it's the way they they number each release at the record label so they can
keep track of them so that's what that was. I don't think so I'd love to have
someone call in and dispute them. FMU you're on the air. FMU you're
on the air. Hi this is Nick from Norlock. I'm actually calling about the line
Versus no lines. I am not calling to dispute that
Hello, so are you doing lines?
No, I just wanted to make sure I called in because I have a lot of Brooklyn listeners. I want you to win. Thank you
That took a little shot of Brooklyn there
FM you you're on the air
Fred from Queens I haven't talked to you no, but not lines of what you think. I'm doing what are you doing?
I'm just doing stuff from around the house, you know
What's that much anything you find will make you feel different, you know, I've done that like dirt lines
Nah, man. That's well. That's like the last that's like the last stop
Now I got stuff in the medicine cabinet. I got stuff in the fridge
Also stuff that you clean off the top of the stove that can that can do well, too
I am I
But, you know, I'm doing it because I got this going.
Goodbye.
I just, why did I even entertain that for, as soon as I heard, hey, this is Fred from
Queens.
Why did I not move on?
I never thought I'd say this, I'm sorry, Roy, for that guy.
That's okay.
Yeah.
What do you want to talk about now?
I wouldn't mind talking about this new record by Cheap Time.
There's no way for your good sake Take your time but don't be late
What will you be lost to me?
Time will sail and we'll see you soon.
You'll go here all times to live.
You'll just love all time to live.
Make go and love me again.
Take your time and you'll be there to live.
To live.
To live.
I've been watching you stun me now you're back
That's landscapes and
Time is running out and I can't wait I have to say this before it's too late
I want to be the one to hear you call
To catch you as you tumble while you're by balls
And when I say goodbye, I look like it's the man
But I can't feel it anyway
I can't feel, I can't feel
I don't want to feel it anyway
I just want to do the best I can to keep you happy
And be your ever-loving man
There's nothing here for us
And no place left to go
Slips dream of destruction
Has us in its tone
But there's one thing
That can make it alright
Hold it on to you
In the dying light
And when I say it alone
I'm gonna flash for me up
But I gotta do it anyway
I'll take it off you
And I've never thought this meant to happen
I'm gonna make my stand
Shine the light alone
I'm gonna be your ever running man
Oh I wanna be
Oh I wanna be
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
All I want to be your man
All I want to be your man
You
That is the point of no return where we are as close to the end as we are to the beginning.
turn from the dirt bombs from their hot new album we have you surrounded
ever-loving man that's on the in the red label
and before that
another in the red release
then in the red two for tuesday
from the album cheap time
by the ban cheap time we heard too late
in the red
good stuff
they know what they're doing
we're joined uh... in studio
by Philly boy Roy, it's very exciting, yes, it is very exciting to have you here.
Of course it is, for you, for me, it's very exciting.
And for all your listeners, for all of them to have you down here?
Absolutely, yeah, you're new mayor.
You are the, you were hoping to be the new mayor.
I will be your new mayor.
You think you're going to win the election?
Absolutely, yeah, yeah.
You don't think he's going to win, do you?
If somebody else had the door.
What's that?
If somebody else had the door.
Who's that call screen or shimp?
Shimp.
Yeah.
That's your candidate.
That's your rival there.
Oh, yeah.
I'll take you down.
You know I will.
If you're lucky, maybe you'll be my running mate.
Hello.
Hello?
Who's there?
Hi, Tom.
It's me.
Who is that?
It's Paul.
What good heavens?
What do you do?
How are you?
Can I sit down?
Please.
Yeah.
I was just in Newbridge and I thought I would stop by.
I saw the light on up here.
the famous comedian, Paul F. Tompkins.
That's right, how's it going?
It's going okay, I'm shocked to see you here.
Hi there, I'm sorry, I don't mean to be rude,
I should introduce myself to your guest.
Hi there. Hello, Paul.
Oh my God, Roy Ziegler.
Yeah.
This is so wild that we're both here on the same night.
Isn't it? Couple old Philly guys.
Yeah, what's the matter?
Now, one of us is a Philly guy.
Come on just because I moved to Los Angeles
Move to Lipstick City. Yeah. Well, I had to
You didn't have to do nothing. I
Feel like I had to you know for my career. I had to to move to Los Angeles. What's wrong with Billy? You got funny bones
It's closed. You got the laugh works the comedy works closed. That didn't close. I still hang out there
Oh, it's well, it's not the comedy works anymore. No, it's more like a shooting gallery
I don't want to talk about that. Oh, very sad. Oh, you're too good for us though. Okay. No, that's not your on TV and stuff
Yeah, sometimes yeah. Yeah. Oh, sometimes well. Oh, he's in the movies
How about you're you're on TV all this week first of all on the on on VH one best day ever best day ever
That's what I'm in Manhattan. Oh Kim Kardashian. Do you know her? I don't know her personally? Oh, I know
yeah would you like her would you ever introduce me to her I don't see why not
okay yeah I think you might be a little too high-class for Kim Carla
you think so I'm actually going to say boy you're you're better than that
that's nice but you're in movies too right I have been in one or two movies I
saw you in a movie very recently it was a hit movie on Nem Oscars it was I was
very you know plop plop proud to have been a part of small very small part no
you was in it I as soon as I saw I said that's that guy I hate oh yeah there
was some oil in the film yes there was quite a bit there was quite a bit of
oil no that's the name of the movie there was some oil do you mean there
will be blood what's that that's the name of the movie no it ain't it is right
Yeah, there will be blood. No, it's there was some oil
No, well, didn't you see it on the screen? I saw the oil. Yeah. No, I mean the words on the screen
Oh my in the film. Mm-hmm
Now I didn't see the beginning. You know why why guess
You're on truth. No, I was doing bong hits. Oh, why don't judge. I'm not judging where in the parking lot
No in the theater. No in the projection booth. Yes
Yeah, why why I think you're allowed in there. I well I got in there somehow you know why why I don't want to talk
About it. You know you brought it up. Yeah, you know the guy who works there. It's not a guy. Oh
Okay, I made love to the projection
Hey, tell me about that bowling alley scene. Uh-huh. Oh, well, did you did you see the movie? I did yeah
Yeah, well then you oh I wasn't there for oh, oh, I thought if you're in a movie you're there for every shot
Oh, no, no, you're just generally there for the the shots that you're in and then you go home
What do they call that thing that is that called the clapper? It is called the clapper. Yeah, okay
Did you ever get your nose caught in the clapper? No, that hardly ever happens now it has to happen some time
Probably not as many times as it used to back in the silent film days. Yeah. Yeah, or like in a
Sergio Aragonis cartoon. I don't know who she is. You know little
margins and the marginal madness I could picture that happening and like spy
versus spy was a different artist that was a different guy Al Jaffe no what me
worry no no what we knew man yeah not an artist no who's that he that was the
name of that character that said what me worry was kind of the mascot of Mad
magazine how come there hasn't been a movie based on the Roger Kaputnik I've
I've been asking Hollywood that question for years.
A movie called The Lighter Side.
Now do you feel like the one guy
was supposed to be a representation of Dave Berg?
I bet you Dave Berg looked a lot like,
I know nothing about this.
I wonder if Dave Berg looked exactly like Roger Kaputnik,
like he drew himself.
Who's like the sort of older looking guy
with the thick framed glasses?
He's always at the doctors.
He always had the doctor,
like the doctor who looked kind of like him also.
Right.
Like all the guys of that age,
Yeah, I think he just drew himself as a doctor
and himself as.
With a mustache.
Yeah.
What's so funny about the lighter side
was that that magazine was ostensibly for children.
And yet the lighter side dealt with very adult problems.
Yeah.
About insurance or?
Exactly.
The doctor charging you a lot of money.
Yeah, like if Mad kept on its past trajectory,
there would be like the lighter side of like,
Still some research, but the stem cell research debate.
You know what, we need that right now.
I'd like to know the lighter side of that debate.
I don't know if there is a lighter side of that debate.
Countries am mess.
Does that factor into your campaign at all, Roy?
The stem cell research?
Oh yeah, I don't think we should have that.
Why are you against it?
Because I don't think we should go in and get people's stems.
Well, you don't think we should go in and get people's stems?
No.
I don't know how to even-
The stems, you know, in their backs.
That's where you get the stems?
Is there spines?
Yeah, that's where the stems are.
No, that's-
No.
What do you mean no?
Where are they?
Well, we don't, human beings don't have stems.
Yeah.
Why do they call it stem cells?
Well, you're talking about the spine.
Yeah.
You want to know what?
I have no idea.
Okay.
Will we sell them?
Mike, do you know?
Who's Mike?
Yes, exactly.
It is part of the sell.
But the stem of the sell?
I never claimed to be smart here.
Oh, you're very smart.
I've never claimed to be smart.
No, you're very smart.
Oh, thank you.
Smart as.
Thank you, boy.
Now, it sounds like a little bit of tension
between you two guys.
Well, yeah.
I mean, some of us stayed and flew the flag,
and some of us didn't.
Look, just because I moved to Los Angeles,
there's no reason for you to be rude.
So my question for you, when you're walking down Hollywood
Boulevard, do you like just go and do you just
run into like Tom Hanks, Jackie Earl Haley?
Every, are those the parameters for celebrities?
Pretty much, yeah.
OK.
I do see celebrities from time to time.
And is there like a secret handshake?
Or like they know who you are, right?
I don't think any of them would know me.
They must.
No.
Oh yeah.
No.
Oh, totally, yeah.
I don't think so.
Are you?
What?
Are you okay?
Yeah, I'm fine.
Who am I?
No, were you talking to me?
Yes.
I'm fine.
Yeah.
No, I'm fine.
Okay.
You're what?
Fine.
He said he's fine.
Yeah, what's fine?
Yeah, yeah.
What are you?
I wanna get your ears checked.
I'm fine.
Okay, I'm sorry, you can keep going.
So I will see celebrities sometimes,
but not all the time.
Okay, so like when you see a celebrity,
like say you're walking down the street
and say there's like, I don't know,
Oh, geez. Don't don wells. Oh, from Gilligan's Island choice to
wit. Right. Is there like a secret handshake? There's no secret
handshake. But you know, I would walk up to a celebrity and say I'm
one of his how are you doing? I'm on TV to. It's nice to
Meaches yeah, no and then and now I you're talking differently. Who is me? No, Paul. What are you talking?
No, he ain't what is he's talking about? Yeah, he's talking English. He's talking like normal people
No, you're getting the the Philly is creeping into your into your voice. He sounds normal to me
Is it really? Yes, really. I wonder if it's
Because I haven't I haven't been around Roy in years
So I wonder if it's just the Proximini.
Yeah, the Proximini?
No, Proximini, yeah.
Proximini, yeah, because we're in such close proximity now.
Close quarters.
This is not good.
We're in close quarters.
I'm starting to get scared.
Remember when I used the donkey with the pool?
I do.
I do.
Yeah.
I get all that water in my ears.
Yeah.
Water.
Yeah, what did I say?
Oh boy.
You said water.
Freaking me out kind of it sounds pretty cool to me. Oh, no. I don't know how to be normal for a change. Oh, Hollywood
No, no
Listen, you got to help me out host
Host my thing. You know my name's Tom. I know it is. What did I call you? Call me a host. No. Hey, hey, host
Yeah, yeah, would you play something from Bill Contee?
You want some Bill Contee? Yeah, don't do it host. No, yes host. The transformation is almost complete
you're becoming yeah you are becoming I don't like it stop it Roy
flying don't do it right now don't stick that it don't fly fly I can feel
change did you see Rocky Balboa of course I know you know what I loved about
that movie everything everything but one and one thing in put it in
in particular. When you know how they they had the opportunity to have
Sly and the and the lady, the young lady, you know, knock boots.
But they did knock boots. I thought that was very tasteful.
It was classy. It was very classy. You know, only in Philly.
Yeah, only in Philly. That is Philly class. Although you know what, Tom,
I would have knocked her boots.
Knocking boots!
Knocking boots!
Knock in boots!
Knocking boots!
I never knew these words!
Dr. Noc truck!
Gonna knock some boots, gonna knock some boots tonight!
Tonight.
Ugh!
Oh.
This takes me back.
Oh no, I don't know how much
I don't know how much longer I can win like this.
It's not meant to be.
No, you gotta pitch it yourself
running through the Italian market.
Oh, that's all I'm picturing.
Yeah.
Grab a sausage.
I'm in my vintage gray sweatsuit.
Oh, yeah.
I'm running the entire length of the city.
What are you wearing on your feet?
Shut up, Taylor.
Shut up, Taylor.
Yeah, you know why?
Cause they're the worst possible shoes to run in.
If I can run in those shoes,
I'll have no problem staying in the lane for 15 rounds.
that's right here all the children are running with me you know what I hate
about Apollo Creek I think I know okay yeah okay great there you go good you
gotta throw some Frank son up in my face I gotta snap out of it yeah remember
when all the kids came in they ran behind us I do I do yeah I like some of
them I know why you didn't like the others yeah we don't need to get into
that I can't I gotta get out of here I can't do this I'm starting to feel
I'm starting to feel like I'm on fire like I want to burn the studio down like the fire that burned down bring a teen
Castle, New Jersey. Oh, yeah. It's the best thing that ever happened in this state. Isn't it?
You know what I loved about about the the art museum scene? What? He runs to the top
But he don't never go in. That's right. Who wants to look at paintings?
Pictures. Who's that got to get out of here? I'm sorry. Please. Please save yourself, Paul
Oh my god, I'm doing push-ups. Look at me. I'm already on my 3,000 push-ups.
No, you're still struggling with your first push-ups.
My birth is my three found well case my third. No, you think you're in my third and my shirt ripped
Yeah, I have to go to the bathroom
I think I pulled something. Well, why don't you go to the bathroom?
Hey, maybe now Paul can kind of regain control of his is a psyche. Okay. This might take a while
Don't judge me. I'm not judging me and I don't like it. Okay
sorry I'm sorry Roy that's okay no apology could be too great so we have
Paul F. Tomkins is in the studio it's very exciting yeah well he stepped out
for a second oh I'm very sorry about that hopefully when you come back in you
can have you that does not happen again oh I hope not that was that was a bad
feeling I'm very sorry yeah if you just got to Philly eyes yeah yeah yeah it's
it's not pleasant I do apologize to you and to all the listeners what is the
last time that happened like that you were at what was the last time you lived
in Philly were you 1994 94 yeah okay I moved to Los Angeles the day Kurt
Cobain died like Kurt Cobain died oh I didn't know he was I didn't know he was
sick.
Oh, where's that slide whistle?
I can't hear myself in that.
You can't?
No.
I can hear you.
There's a little knob.
I can hear you.
Oh, okay.
There we go.
You got it?
Yeah.
Can you hear yourself?
I can hear myself and you.
Good.
That means it's working.
Would you please explain radio to me?
I can't.
I just do this part of it.
If this thing stopped working, I would probably leave this board here, you know, if the R60
stopped working, the audio are at engineering, R60.
Well, that would be the end of the show, right?
I think it would be.
Yeah.
Why would you stick around?
This board has been here forever.
It looks remarkably clean and well-preserved, but I have to say, how old is that thing?
I don't know.
It's been here as long as the station's been here, I think.
I don't know.
I think this is even new. I think I'm wrong on that.
Yeah, that thing would be filthy if it had been here for years and years.
It's white. Who's on line one, Mike?
FMU, you're on the air.
Hello, Tom. Hello, Paul.
Hello. Who's little Paul? No, hello, Paul.
Oh, hello, Paul. Yeah. There's nothing little about Paul.
I'm not so big big time big time. Sure. Exactly
Like like Napoleon
Sure, so what what what what can I do for you, sir? I'm Greg from New York. I'm calling to thank you for
the honor of being one of the 10 winners of the
Video and art contest and what did you do? I did the Paul Hopkins plus Tom Sharpling equals super Harvey
That's right. Yeah, that was really cool. Yes, but how did you draw that sir by hand?
I mean, you did not draw it and then dump it into your computer and lay it out there.
I drew the whole thing by hand and I scanned the board and emailed that in.
Are you sure you didn't trace it?
I traced the boarders, the panel boarders.
I used the ruler.
Fair enough.
I appreciate your candor.
No problem.
No problem.
No problem, and I just I listened to last week show on the podcast
Honor to have been recognized coincidentally
Turn on the best show all gone. I had to call it. Yes. Did you do a dance around your house?
I did a small jig a jiglet a jiglet. Yes, and then I figured
Now it's time to call. I got the nerves that flash some cold water on my face. There you go and got down to business
All right, you know Greg top-notch your top-notch your talented artist
Please email me and we can talk further about about your talent. I will do that. Thank you both
Thank you. Congratulations. Paul you're a top talent. Thank you
Have a good night. Have a good week
Have you ever called before Greg? No, I have not Greg. Guess what? Oh, no, don't don't say it. I'm gonna do another jig
No, no, no, I'm just saying keep calling as long as I say I
I will do my best.
Okay.
Alright, please do.
Have a good one.
There was a moment of tension there, right?
I did not know what you were going to say to him next.
What if he said guess what?
Yeah.
Do you ever call before?
No.
Guess what?
Never call again.
No, the guy's a talented artist.
He drew the pictures.
I heard he said he was top notch.
Top notch.
I'm going to throw compliments around like that lightly.
How long have we been using the notch system?
i guess it was that what where would the notches the notches that we must have
been using for a long time right i feel like it's been
but it's primitive as it can get
yet to make a mark on a piece of wood and this means you yeah this is where you
are at the top
and that could have got to go back to caveman times
if they could understand the idea of
something being ranked high ranking if caveman could understand the idea of
ranking
and fit and physically interpreting things as
If it's higher, that means it's better
than it could go back that far.
But you figured there must have been a caveman
who was pointing at the top notch,
maybe pointing to himself.
Like, do you get it that I'm,
here's all you, right?
And then here's me on the top.
I guess everyone knows the top is the best,
even back then.
You know, I wonder if they learned it when...
The monolith showed up.
Remember that?
I vaguely remember hearing about that, that monolith.
Yeah, when that was right before we were human right yes, I think that transformed us into humans
Yeah, yeah, it just showed up and then blue didn't make a sound to I don't know if it made a sound
But everybody got crazy about it that model. Yes. They did it sent everybody into a fit
Oh, they're throwing a statement. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, and then we jumped right into outer space
Yes, that did happen really fast. We picked it up eight of seven years ago. So you would yeah
You would say the monolith was probably 1960 right for when that must have happened
Yeah, yeah, yeah, and then we fast forward 30 years into the future 30 now 41
I think president Kennedy said now that we have this monolith. We will put a man on the moon. Yes, and then the
Because the bone was the template for the spaceship. Yeah, make it look like a bone. Yeah
The most aerodynamic object. Yes a bone
Weirdly enough.
No one's calling.
What?
I know hard to believe, right?
This has them nailed.
Do you think everybody's watching the election returns?
For what?
For Pennsylvania?
Pennsylvania.
Have we heard any reports, Mike?
I thought I heard Hillary's head.
Mike is saying Hillary's a head.
I thought it was going to be very close.
It seemed like, you know, in the lead up to it.
Let me see what's going on with this.
Let's see go to the only place I get my news from Newsmax
What's Newsmax?
It's a very balanced site if you check it out seriously who who who sponsors this sailor who John Burch decides
Oh, then it's probably their website sure news max. What is that's such a generic sounding thing. Yeah
It's a maximum amount of news. Yeah, it's not just news. This is Newsmax
You're not gonna find any more news anywhere else. We are to news what office max is to office supplies
They want to cause themselves news depot map news staples
News
I would go to news for news news news over at Newsles
it would be all things that I think are going to happen yeah I think it's gonna
be a very close race in Pennsylvania noosles well noosles says it's gonna be
very close FM you're on the air hi Tom hi Paul hi hey this is Chris L from
Maryland hi Chris quality I've actually met Chris L yes in you remember of
course of course
opposed for a picture with you in door vid
yet
it was
that it was a one of the highlights my year
no it was not it would have been anyway but you know i'd not much
excitement in my life
well i'm still just one of the highlights of the year
since the wires over right
well if i had gotten my picture taken with uh...
like a one of the wire cast members that would have been a bit once it is
idris elba snoop
any or uh... mcnulty
nook would have hung out with me i think
chris elle what did you think of the final season of the wire
uh...
yet i had my
problems
like a lot of people with some good good
do i will say this is this is a gift to tom sharpling
uh...
i also had my problems with the last season you wouldn't admit it though when i
would not know i would not give me that i would not give you that at all
people wouldn't give me that i couldn't because you're being so mean
about it. You guys just helping you guys keep it in perspective. I love that
attitude of like hey I'm just saying what everybody else is thinking. Oh I was
raining it in a little bit. Somebody needs to say this. The wire madness.
We're too excited about the wire. Wire fever for a while but it is broken. Yeah so
you had so the wire you had your problems with that final thing. Are you
excited about this movie that they just announced
uh... or
can you feel me and a little bit
uh... it's going to be uh... amelio estvez
is uh... going to be portraying uh... mcnulty in it
well when i heard of you doing bobbie i thought
you know if it's only a short leap from that yes
will there be a role for rene estvez
rene estvez who is that i think that is a relatively
okay there's rene there's a little joe estvez
who is martin's brother okay
you use i just know amelia was in the wire movie i don't know about anybody
else
oh there's other one ashton kuchar is in it too
ashton kuchar yeah what does he play
i'm not sure i didn't see it yet
what that
bobble i think that was the name and please but what's the name yes bobble i can see
that
yes i can see that
bobble's bobble's bobble's
baubles
hahahahahaha
things down there in uh...
your neck of the woods in maryland
uh... not bad
could be better
uh... oh it could always be better
actually what i wanted to uh...
call about i just wanted to petition
to play the meatloaf cell phone commercial
i've only heard that i want i just want to hear his reaction
you you want me to hear it that's as it happens
i don't like that myself because i just saw this commercial the other day
for the first time
you see if i can find it
and as mike said earlier you'll never guess what song they do it might have an
idea
you'll never guess
it might have an idea
i i think i know what song you think it's going to be but you're wrong
uh... where you'll be surprised
and there's another
surprise guest or as well
in the co there's another surprise that are in the commercial i just i just found
out who it is and uh... i couldn't figure out why they've paired them
yes there there's a there's a feeling when you see that person that it's
supposed to be significant but you don't know who it is
but you just because of the way that the cameras focused on this person like i
i think that's supposed to be
I think I'm supposed to be excited to see that person now this commercial isn't gonna have curse words in it
Is it I can play this on the radio? It does have two curse words
That might be the red band version. I
Already don't like you know that you know it's already turning me home from this the YouTube still of it
You know like that YouTube has one shot
I think I already don't want to watch it just based on this one frozen moment of meatloaf that I'm seeing
That's perfect. Yeah, that could be from Fight Club. Yeah, exactly. I thought it was from a black dog
it
i saw poster in the uh... poster with the meatloaf draw it
poster
it's like him in uh... dramatic
shadowy
repose i guess where where do you see this poster
that's not a movie see local uh...
theater the landmark theater
also to an art film
yet the market
what to the meatloaf documentary
what could be in the meatloaf documentary i want to go for i don't know
what could be the meatloaf documentary that could not be explained to someone
in ten minutes
i'm talking about his whole life
so that making of thing the uh... not the making of the uh... dramatization of
meatloaf's life
uh...
it was a vh one movie
mhm how was that
it was pretty good
was a really pretty good
now it's not
his story is not nearly as interesting as he thought it was
alright now i will watch the meatloaf commercial
for the first time
here we go
he died i want to go for
namis we've only has a limited talking tax i can't do anything about that
but i might have kept out of that far as you got it
i like it but it's not all
Did you get in here? I just kind of snuck back in. Why oh yeah scared me all right back in let me watch the rest of it
And no surprise bill
Cha cha cha go phone is that what it is
Go phone right now. I am
Initiating a boycott on go phone wait. What if I see anyone?
if I see anyone with a go phone I'm not gonna say let me sleep on you come on
Paul sing it with me I got a new right now let me sleep on it I got a new right now
now let's do time warp let's do the time warp again it's just a jump to the
happened here I'm assuming they jump to the right you don't remember seeing
that oh I saw it like eight times but every time I got baked too too bad that's
your story all over you know where I saw it where the most where Plymouth
Meeting Mall did they show it there oh my god yeah they've all had everything
oh yeah you know knows I saw there what class in 1984 that was a movie about
the crazy wild kids. One of the best movies ever. Absolutely. One of the
students gets dropped off the roof at the end. One of the Vampattons was in there.
Derek Vampatt. It was too. Look it up. No it was. IMDB it. You want me to IMDB?
Absolutely. Was there a Derek Vampatt? Absolutely. He was on eight is too much.
look I think let me check I don't know if that was you with that title of that
show what's the title oh no it was Dick Van Patton the dad he played what dick
van Patton was in class of 1984 as what as the punk kid he he started he
started out as a preppy no and then he got punked out no that's just like on
Quincy member on Quincy oh my god I love that I got that tattooed on my back at
one point girl we gotta get you punked up and I got it I got it taken off
quid said girl are you saying that was also like Quincy no remember the Quincy
punk episode the band mayhem don't recall oh my god you haven't lived Paul what
were you do well what were you doing in like 1983 I wish I could remember I
thought I saw Quincy a lot you know where I was where I was in Kensington
We've been firecrackers at kids going to see the dead Kennedys. Oh KNA. Yeah, I do miss it. Yeah, fish town
Oh my gosh fish town the fish town riots. Oh, I kind of instigated it. Not what not bragging or nothing
Oh, yeah, why did you start them? Well because they was coming into our neighborhood. What what did I say?
Stop this is horrible. I don't even know what you're talking about, but I I'm assuming that it's offensive
And I'm just going to move on no it ain't I'm going to declare this is the subject matter over okay
You want to know what it was dick man Pat. I knew it says right here. He played
Peter Stegman. Yep was the name of his character. Yeah, no, he was a a 60 year old man with a severe comb over
Who was playing a high school student? I think it's makeup though. I think they have a lot. I think you know what fair enough
That's true
You know what he had taken for that. It was an early there. What he called variant of young younger Proxin. Yeah, yeah
It's made him younger. Yeah, okay
And then he took the old son or reverend which set him back. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
He didn't have that whole thing that happened to Brendan Fraser. Yeah, remember that that was sad when that happened
I remember that president base. It was worth it though. It was a good movie president baseball. Yeah. Yeah, absolutely
I still haven't seen it. Oh, you gotta see it remember my favorite scene in that movie. Oh my god
What was it when they the secretary of state comes up to the mount Paul you've seen yeah
Yeah, and he comes up and he goes you know everyone thinks that he's gonna say to the president
He's gonna say you got to go and you got to deal with the Chinese
Problem yeah, that guy's got his little finger on the butt on the butt the button
uh-huh. Little finger, right? What did I say? Oh, I forgot he was on still on hold. Okay.
And then instead instead of like saying you got to go deal with that, he goes, say it with me.
Strike this guy out.
I got chills just now. Oh, yeah. Oh, okay. I'm going to see that again.
Hey, take a call. Um, 201, 209, 936. Why don't I put a topic on the table? Oh, yeah.
That's a great idea.
By the way, this is WFMU East Orange WXHD Mount Hope
Worldwide on the World Wide Web at WFMU.org.
This is the best show on WFMU here for our final hour
of the best show on WFMU.
The phone number, 201, 209, 9368.
Now, what was the, that song was pain?
Was that the song that the band on Quincy?
Oh, yeah, it was like, like pain.
Stabbing and the thing.
You could probably put that up on what's it called?
YouTubes?
You think that'll be on YouTube?
Check it on YouTube.
Okay.
I'll check it on YouTube.
Check it on all of them.
You sound different.
What do you mean?
Your voice sounds different.
Oh, you don't hear my Philly accent anymore.
Yeah, I don't like it.
I stuck a needle in my skin so that when I feel like I'm starting to make that transformation.
Like atchupuncher?
Kind of like that, but I stuck it all the way in so that I just press on it and the pain keeps me from
Oh, like Lee press on nails. It's exactly like that. It's the same principle. Yeah, okay
Yeah, hey Mike did we ever do a topic called take it leave it. Yes, we did I can tell you that you did okay
Did we ever do a topic called leave it take it?
No, that hasn't been done. Did we ever we did I know it doesn't make sense. I know we did that one
did we ever do that feeling of embarrassment I'm just gonna move on from
that one I wrote it down five weeks and are you afraid of the calls for that
one yes I am like the time we tried to do the one about horror oh and then
everybody called with like monster oh what haunts you yeah what haunts yeah
well there was a house we went to when it uh and then we slept there and I
heard this weird sound and it's like I'm talking about memories you had like a
a Scooby-Doo. It ended up like you want to know what? I know what I say. No film
I'll say that please. Guess I want to bough. Somehow. Okay. Okay. I love to. That's
better by degrees. In Philly you could just say anything you wanted to. It is
true. W.I.P. On W.I.P. you can. Yeah. Oh this is not Philly. Howard
asking my sports guru. I'm sorry, go ahead. I feel like I'm
monopolized in your show.
So I was looking online the other day.
You thought I was what?
Monopletized in your show.
Okay, I was online. I was looking for checking out concert
tickets.
Oh, I have to, I have to, I just, I, is that like some sort of
financial site?
No, it's not a financial site.
Because I could use some help with my finance.
Yes. I, uh, I, uh, I, uh, I, um, I, um, I was looking at concert tickets.
Yes. And I had to enter. Yes, concert. Yes. Are they in the, are they in the round?
Are they in the round? Because Rick Wakeman's son, Rick Wakeman's son is playing keyboard
because Rick Wakeman don't want to do it no more. Seriously, Rick Wakeman's son.
Yes. You know, his son's name is? What? Troy. Troy. I don't know what it is, but he's
playing, playing them keyboards in and around them lake.
And then things come out in them sky and they stand there.
Twenty five and ten.
It's a beautiful song, isn't it?
So anyway, I was looking at the, you never go online,
you have to enter in like a little security thing so that it
approves you.
And you can't read them, you can't read what it says sometimes,
what them digits are.
Well, this was like a word that you had to type in.
But were the letters all wavy?
Yeah, that's what I did.
No, this was just, these were two words.
One was like glass.
And the second word was fudge?
No, the second word was not fudge.
Well, for your everyone, I was looking at concert tickets
for, no, not for yes.
I was looking at, I was looking,
I wanted to see how much Kanye West tickets
were going forward to Madison Square Garden.
Who's she?
Who's she is a woman.
And look, I'm not going to see Kanye West over at the ticketmaster site or whatever
it's called now.
And the word, I'm not kidding you, was tokenism.
You have to type in two words.
It was like glass.
And the second word was tokenism, which is like, like what racist is picking the code,
secret word so that you can get access to see what the Kanye West take its
heart. Racism or reverse racism or what it's so kind of statement. It's
charged. Yes it is charged. It was very charged. The guy was like it could have
been oh any other word. And one of them was this it does totally innocuous word
glass. Then the other one tokenism. It's like loaded. Like very loaded. Maybe he
He thought tokenism was an Oculus too.
Yeah, he might have, but it was an Oculus.
Now that led to a topic idea, do you know what I thought
when I saw that?
No, that's not right.
So you, let me see if I can read your mind here.
You're asking the listeners to call in,
if they have an instance that they've had,
first-hand
experience
of something that was not right
that's what they thought to themselves yet when they encountered yes
what are the incidents where that where you have said to yourself
that's not right
two oh one two oh nine nine three six eight
can i start it off
we're gonna build up to you okay give me to the couple minutes okay let's see
what this guy has to say first
fm you you're on the air
yeah i think ducklings and i wanted them to all hatch
and
i had nine eggs
and they kept
getting thrown out by the mother duck okay
and then
there was only two eggs left
and there and she threw out one of the eggs
so then there was only one egg left but i wanted two eggs
What is this like, uh, to catch a predator and see if he went to, uh, and then when it
creep, that sounds like a, I don't know if that accident was charmingly fake or
fakely charming, should have let me start.
You want to know what? Fair enough. You should have started. You can start Roy.
Okay. Spectrum, 1981. Yeah.
Bloaster cult fog hat fog hats torn behind tight shoes
Okay, yeah
BOCs torn behind cultosaurus erectus. Yeah, that's right. You know how I wait wood. Oh, come on that album
It's not very good. It's not that great. Yeah, anyway, okay
So you know I can't afford no t-shirt from inside the building. Uh-huh. Yeah, like an official sanctioned shirt
Yeah, so I can't do that. So, you know, there's some guys out from with duffel bags full of shirts
So go buy a shirt from him, you know, five bucks
Yeah, he reaches in grabs a shirt. I give him five bucks. Yeah
You know, he runs off. I got the shirt. It's a jersey white sleeves black shirt. I look at it from the mirrors tour
So he sold you some old merch. Yeah. Yeah, you got burnt
Yeah, and what did you think when you realized it was the shirt from a different tour? That ain't right
Wow that actually was dead on for the topic
You got burnt on some on some old
Bootleg merch. Yeah, but it worked out cuz I snuck into the show though. Okay, so it all yeah
It's calmerically balanced out and guess what I did though to make it even balanced out even more what I stole Eric Blooms wallet
why the guy from blue oyster coal why how did you get backstage even steal
his water pretended I was a rep from Miller light I stole I beat up a guy who
would actually work for Miller light yeah I took his jacket I walk back why
that's terrible it's not it was fun it's a great memory I'm talking about it now
on the radio you know what album I was thinking of I apologize I was thinking
club ninja oh club ninja's great dancing in the ruins no that's a that's the
really bad that's a great song pull up items right now I'm looking at it I
might even have it on my iPod you have an iPod that's the most shocking thing
I've heard ain't it yeah and and whose iPod was it originally guess um I'll
give you one hint I'll tell you not mine yeah okay yeah I stole it from a bus
driver a bus driver yeah my bus driver from septa that's terrible why why did
you steal the bus driver's iPod I don't know it was just kind of hanging out
of his pocket why don't judge me anyway go ahead take some more calls all right
because the topic now is that's not right 201 209 9368 FM you you're on the
air hi Tom this is Julie from Cincinnati hey Julie how are you doing tonight
I'm okay. How are you? I'm alright. You're joined by Philly boy Roy and Paul F.
Tomkins. How's it going Julia? Hi Julie. It's going so good Philly boy Roy. I think you're wonderful.
Oh you sound wonderful too. If I wasn't so like morbidly obese and
pimply I would be like oh I want to meet you but just stick with my sound. Can I
say one thing yes pimply kind of a turn on you're not wearing like Chuck Taylor's
without socks are you because that's that's the second big turn on oh no I'm
not I've got a flannel shirt on and but I'm barefoot they haven't bathed in like
five days okay let's let's get to it she could work at zipper hey there we go
that's not and that that's your that's not right right who's hate is that
I don't know.
That's not right.
No, my dad's not right.
Yesterday, like I could give you a million of them, but yesterday I ordered a scotch
and soda and they put Sprite in it instead of soda and then they said they didn't.
And I paid for it.
They were lawyers.
Yeah.
Did this happen in Darfur?
When?
What?
Did it happen at Sudsy Malone's?
No.
Bogarts?
No.
Yeah.
Do you want to keep guessing do you know what at my record store the clash was there like two weeks ago?
Like two two people the who the clash class. Oh silicone carbone
Silicone carbone is that they're called? I don't know. I don't know anything Nick Jones and Tony James. Yeah, Nick Jones was there. Yeah
Yeah, they weren't singing they were signing autograph, so I didn't go so they weren't singing
they weren't dancing or anything
fm you you're on the air
hey Tom hey paul hey Roy
hi who's this
good who's this
it's uh i'd like him in hand hello oh man had must be nice
oh geez fancy yeah very fauncy you put none of yours yeah
do you know leona helmsley i don't know her personally she's passed i think
I think she's passed on.
She got murdered.
No, I don't know if she's murdered.
No, isn't it technically correct if someone's
passed on, they've been murdered?
No, that's something so.
No, somebody who was murdered can be considered
to have passed on, but it's not reciprocal with that.
Look that up.
I am DB that.
I know, I don't have to look that up.
I am DB that.
Why would I be DB it?
It's probably under clue.
You know who was in clue?
Oh yeah, you know who was in clue.
Who?
Michael McKeean.
better
christopher loy better robert hazard
now you're not quite as good
darryl hall
close john oates not close
teddy pender grass wrong sex
uh...
oh uh... mobile
uh... was the worst thing i've ever said
i'm sorry
uh... uh... was that uh... and donna pescale
close
close
jebberly scott
not as close doris roberts don't know who that is
to the law was it
jane wiedlin
but she was a lot of god yeah what is she playing them with the bell boy
uh... bell boy is a boy yeah jane wiedlin is a is a hot lady but she had a
bell boy outfit on
no
i don't think you might have i don't know i didn't actually see it
don't judge me i judge you
men who i think we got it okay man hadn't rick keep keep talking
but i think that the topic of the night thought that uh...
wasn't right
what was that
but uh...
uh... commercial and then i ended up actually watching the first couple
minutes of that show a little bush
uh... yeah on that
what do you mean that's a that's a timely show
but smelling all
just like
but i'm somebody stood up to bush
oh man i couldn't even uh... repeat the
the jokes from it
i couldn't say i'm allowed to someone that i felt like it was just bad luck
you know that show has a laugh track right
that's what i don't like about it
it's literally so unfunny that there is a lot of the laugh track refuses to
laugh
that's how unfunny that show is
literally the laugh track
the machine the machine crashes we got to stop exactly why is this thing not
laughing and the machine is just not going to do it
oh man it's I mean there was like some joke about Obama that was just so
blatantly from like a truly tasteless joke book volume two like the 80s I
couldn't believe it was that bad that was a good volume actually of truly
Jesus jokes three was where they went off the rails yeah they really drove
No candy. This is that guy anymore. FM you're on the air. Hey, how you doing guys? I got some for the topic.
Let's hear it. What's your name? My name is Casey from Astoria.
You're stepping back up to the plate, huh? I figure why not.
Got one more in you. Let's see. You know you're wondering, I'm <E.D.> out I think you twice as hard now.
Okay, fair enough. I saw something last night actually that wasn't right.
Okay, what was that? I'm actually in Scottsdale for a few days.
They have this place here, it's like a taste of Philly or something like that, where they
got all sorts of Philly fare.
They have a bumper sticker in the window that has the Genos, this is America's Speak
English thing.
See, I have no problem with that.
Right.
Right.
What?
I thought Roy was against that.
I thought he broke with Genos on that issue.
No, I'm kind of back with Gino.
You know why?
Why then?
He's giving me free food lately.
You like Gino?
Yeah.
Why don't you give you free food?
Well, you know.
No, isn't Gino's basically a...
A blackmailed him.
Why?
Oh, no.
I saw him do something in the back room.
That's what led to your reprosional?
I don't even know what that is.
Now, Gino's is basically like a shed, right?
It's not a shed.
It's an establishment.
no but it's not really a
it's you don't go and there's not tables that you know there's tables outside
yeah it's like a lean-to
open-up
well it's kind of like but there are pictures of all kinds of stores
uh... yeah frank still own uh... donna pescale yeah frank still
uh-huh
all very very
so how is uh... arizona treating you
uh... it's been all right
just uh... here for a few days
taught right for work
No, I'm actually just for a very brief vacation. Oh, yeah, great choice of vacation spots
Where'd you go Scottsdale?
Scottsdale great. Is it is it humid there?
It's actually not humid. I'm a little surprised. What you mean? It's just dry heat
It is just the dry heat. I've never heard that before now. I hadn't either. I hadn't seen on a t-shirt or anything. Goodbye
I don't like that.
I don't like that.
You're on the air.
Hi, guys.
It's Farmer Eli from Central Jersey.
Yes.
How are you doing?
Pretty good.
Who are you guys doing?
Doing all right.
Excellent.
I have a...
Doing what?
Hold on.
I was like doing decent?
Decent.
Decent.
Yes.
That's how we say it sometimes.
So if you don't want to expend all that energy instead of saying decent, you just say
decent.
Okay.
Like all the energy you just expended explaining it.
I'm going to smash you.
Oh, here come the threats.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah, I know I'm at the two hour and 20 minute mark before my and the belt coming off the belt
Yeah, what do you mean the belt my belt your belt is coming off with the buckle?
The world's largest Eagles helmet buckle. It is pretty huge. Yeah. Yeah, I can see it sticking up from over the console
That's not that
What would I say?
Now farmer Eli, what do you what do you have on the topic? It's actually related to
uh... your show walla and hogies okay uh...
um... all years
the holy tree a while back when uh...
when roy was complaining about the toasted hogies i don't even get into it
i would like
i was listening to that show and very soon afterwards walked into a walla
and found out that they're now toasting hogies
i saw that and it's disgusting
that they're toasting hogies you have the option of having plain
Mm-hmm standard like a normal whole normal. Yeah as God created. Yeah, or toasted. Uh-huh. What do you you haven't tried the toast? Oh
Hell no. What do you think about them? I'd like to try it. Wait, whaaaaaaat?
I would take a bite of one and see what it was like. Oh, you'll take a bite of something
But that's that level of of thing of where you'd want to I would want to take one bite of that Oreo pizza that
Domino so sounds don't want to take a bite of that disgusting thing
Wait, they got Oreos in the crust. No, it's it's a pie that's made out of Oreos like dessert
Yeah, I could get behind something like that. I just would want to try it once
Oh, yeah, but you this is what I said to you last time you you know what it would taste like terrible. Yes
I just wanted the sensation that I was the crust the crust is like Oreos
It's like yeah, it's like a pie. It's like is there frosting. Yeah, yeah
What's the frosting the oreo filling? It's kind of the frosting. I
Like it. Oh, let's order one boy. Can we still make it Mike? Let's get call screen or run your ticket to
Mike for oreo pizzas for large oreo pizza for
One free. Yeah, why not like I'm telling you if it was here you'd eat it
I don't know if I could eat a whole piece much less a whole you'd eat it
If it was here, you'd eat it. I probably would you'd give yourself over to the oreo. Yes, I would. Yes, I would
Hey, can I say another one that I don't think is right something else that happened sure?
Well, let me just a caller. Did we Eli? Yeah still on
Yeah, did we get his I don't think we did what was sure that's not right? Well, no the that's hosted. Well, that's right
It ain't right and I'm with you
What's your name?
Eli Eli Eli. Oh like Eli Whitley. Yes
Well thank you. He invented gin. He invented gin. That's right. He did invent gin. Yes.
The game gin? Like gin Rummy? No, the drink. Okay. It's like wooder, but it thinks you
feel better. Okay. FM you're on the air. Hi Tom. Hi, who's this? This is Tim and
Ellensburg, Washington. Pacific Northwest. Screaming trees. Yeah. Yeah. Connor brothers.
Yep. I have a topic for that, it's not right.
Van?
Van, and now the other guy's name was Jessop.
It was not Jessop.
Oh, it was too.
IMDB it.
I think it was Gary.
Do you know what the IMDB is?
Because it's not...
No, it's just movie stuff.
Oh, I thought it was just like Googles.
No, it's not like Googles.
OK.
It's just for movie credits.
It's what you just look stuff up on.
Yeah, for movie credits.
Only movies.
They had to been in a movie.
Screaming Trees?
I think, I know the brothers were in that movie.
Hype.
Yeah.
No, no, they did that comedy.
Something about Mary.
No, no, no, no.
They did that one thing where they played those,
like they played Siamese twins or something.
Oh, Spirit of 76?
I think so.
I think they were in that.
Now, you're thinking of Jeff McDonald's.
No, no, no, I know that.
No, but they were ill.
The killer from fetal vision?
I absolutely, yeah.
No, but they were.
It puts the lotion in the bucket.
No, it takes the lotion out of the bucket.
Yeah, the killer.
The lotion come out and we'll go into the bucket.
It came out of the bucket and into the basket.
I don't remember there being a basket.
There was a basket.
Okay, anyway, go ahead, host.
I was saying that I know that the McDonald brothers
were the stars of Spirit of 76,
but I think that the Connor brothers were in it also.
Oh, Connor Oberst.
No, that's the guy from Bright Eye.
Did you see what he did to Thunder Road?
No.
Oh my God, I'm not even gonna talk about it.
You're not even gonna, why are you defending
something from New Jersey?
that's a good question it is a good question because I maybe I don't like
Omaha less no I don't like Omaha no no more than that okay wait what so they're
all equivalent you'd think though that you would just by default take Omaha
over New Jersey now I lied I hate New Jersey more than anything uh-huh but you
have to I bet you is it because you have a soft spot for for Bruce Springsteen
because of the theme from Philadelphia no I think he should not have been able
to do that song
they should have gone straight to robert hazard or can't wait
uh...
that they should have to put in for the absolutely or soundtrack absolutely
yeah i heard the can't quit actually did a demo of that song he did and they
and they took it from them
you know the academy loved it
they gave they gave the Oscar to Bruce Springsteen grudgingly i don't like it
tim what do you have for me
uh... i have a uh... something related to topic of that's not right let's hear
uh... i don't bring up comics a lot but i just i read a lot of comics and uh...
rob lee felt the
infamously bad conquerors is going to be doing
a story based on revelations so
god's eyes are going to be like the size of five tree trunks staple together and
and uh... those guys who draws superhero stuff and like the real
he did henry
exactly henry
that was the kart the sunday
cartoon no no
no the little boy who didn't talk to his ball yet one little strand of hair i
i don't think that's the same as yet and yes it is actually i'm sorry yeah was
that the kid from
is
are you okay
is that the purple crayon
guy though
was that one strip one day where he killed his mother
there was never a
a comic strip of Henry
what would be by accident or no no no he definitely was all up in his stuff
no
Henry was always say on the street how did he do it
acts
i don't either that must have been a sunday could have been a day strip that
was it was a wednesday
that's when that that's when the least amount of people read comics that must
have been some weird filly newspaper might have been yeah
you sure was in an actual newspaper no
No, did you maybe think it?
No.
Did you draw it yourself?
Yes.
Why?
Because that didn't make it real, just because you drew it.
Sure it does.
It's on paper.
Yeah, but the guy who draws Henry didn't draw it.
That's bad.
Mine looked like his, or it is.
So it didn't really look like his.
I'm sure it didn't.
I know.
I don't picture you being a very good artist.
I'm not so good.
I'm not sure if I'm left handed or right handed.
Well, that would really limit you.
So I kind of draw it with both at the same time.
It's almost like I'm jabbing the paper like with like a noise. Well that explains this on this newspaper here
There's a what looks like a sort of scotch-taped
Drabble comic strip where drabble's dad is having an affair
Did you did you draw this I did yeah, it's actually not bad
Yeah, you've got this guy going with the comic strip references as well as having a party there and in washington a dream come
Thank you.
It is.
It is.
You have a good night, Tim.
Thank you.
Bye.
Now, a little known fact, speaking of someone who was an artist in their youth, Paul F.
Tompkins.
Oh.
I thought you were going to go for Hitler.
I had a flair for the artistic when he was a young boy.
That is true.
How do you know that?
I feel like to draw pictures and comics.
I did draw pictures.
Yes.
Did you picture?
I drew some pictures.
a certain age and never went back to it again. That's true. That's very true. You know a lot of
things about me and that's one of them. That's true. I did. I used to draw all the time when I was
when I was a little kid and then when I got to about eighth grade or no I would say when I graduated
grammar school. Okay. It ceased to be an outlet for me at all. I just never drew again. Uh-huh. Did
comedy speak to you at that point? I think that's one of the transformations. When you started to
to pay attention to that stuff I think so I think so there was a whole new
because I went to high school as a whole new crowd of people that I could make
pay attention to me if you had stuck with it and been interested in comedy at the
same point we might be talking to the guy responsible for the lighter side of
in 2008 Wow you could have been you could be the new more trucker here was the
problem though and I think this is one of the reasons I gave up those comic
Aren't and mad magazines never been funny ever. There's that problem a that's a 65 years of its existence
But never once been good ever anything they've ever done. You're not even gonna give them the first year
The very first year of mad magazine Harvey Kurtzman years. No, I'm not I refuse to give them that you didn't like when they did the jaws parody
What did they call that again? What was their their joke title gums?
Was it gums Wow
I hope I hope so. Yeah that didn't have no teeth
They should go back and fix it. Yeah
Yeah, that um
Yeah, so about mad. Oh
Another reason I stopped drawing was that I never got any better
Uh-huh. I drew for years and years and years
I had a certain point and then I never progressed past that point so it was it made it a lot easier to give it
I'm flying through the air shooting at a tank
Yes, single line bullets coming off of it. Oh, I would do the dotted line. Okay, the dotted line
Yeah, I still do that. Well, that'd be a laser. That'd be a single one single
I would be a laser laser laser. Yeah, and I would go over it in red pen if I had a red pen handy
Because that's where the blood comes in. Yeah, flaming human. Mm-hmm. I did draw I drew I drew I drew several flaming humans
I would draw a big a lot of big battles. Okay, a lot of armies and navies and stuff like that going at
but I had never gotten any better at that and I think that was when I realized I
was not going to it was easy to walk away put the old pen down and close that
notebook then how did you get through the frustrating years of comedy when you
were not there yet that I think I began to see improvement unlike drawing where
I was I was able to get people to laugh at me as opposed to not being able to
make a shape that I wanted to make.
Exactly, to not be able to draw a hand.
Not yet, to not be able to look at a picture,
and then just free hand, put it on a piece of paper,
and then look back at the picture,
and it did not match up at all,
that was very frustrating.
And realize that the pictures always had something
off in them, like the guys' hands were really huge,
or his one arm was giganticly long.
I, oh boy, I had a problem with making faces way too long.
I couldn't draw hands at all
Even feet were a little troublesome. Mm-hmm. You know in shoes
It was difficult
FM you you're on the air. Hey guys. Oh, hi. Hello. Who's this? This is Brian
From Columbus, Ohio
You're going to stashes tonight
Ash is closed. Oh, no one time ago. Okay. Oh for good
you're going to little brothers? it's close to wait what how do you know
you're such a regional person I check out the web okay is that what it is yeah
so are you excited about the we talked about this last week never mind I am
excited great Plains reunion shows yeah I am excited I hope they play here but
I'm not holding my breath I hope they don't I hope they only do it out here
And then you're tortured by the memory of your your one of your greatest local bands
Not doing a reunion show in there on their own turf
If they did play there would they play little brothers
Yeah, they probably would have before it closed. Do you think the high women would open who the high women oh?
That you could number dummy
Ronald Cole and the trillionaires
He's dead.
I know.
Was a Zen orchards from there?
Scrawl was from there.
Scrawl was, yes.
Ask ponies.
Don't say that.
Sorry.
Kind of show where you run in here.
Yeah, you're right.
What was I thinking?
They're from Cincinnati anyway.
Yeah.
Like Julie.
That's right.
Waiting on that JPEG, Julie.
What?
Yeah, don't judge.
Yeah.
I judge you.
I judge all of you.
very sort of okay so young man what can i do for you
i got one for the topic all that's here
i was uh...
poking around on the i m d b
few days ago and i thought that
the next quentin tarantino movie is a world war two movie
all that's finally happening
it's lifted on in production yeah it's listed but probably been there for
about eleven years
but if that does happen
that ain't right what's that guy doing when you don't like him
when that guy looks at there will be blood
and sees these things these uh... mammoth
creations by guys who were his peers at one point
and meanwhile he's uh...
figuring out how he can ape some dumb uh...
some dumb hong kong uh...
movie
think like a little steal that scene that's cool but then all up with curses
in it
was pam grir in any world war two movies or
Did they have a lot of karate sequences?
No, but Robert Forster was in There Will Be Blood.
Oh, Tom.
What if Quentin Tarantino made There Will Be Blood?
It would have been like Robert Hedges
would have been playing Damon Plainview.
Oh, Tom Selleck.
Exactly.
We would have done something that he would have just been like,
I'm going to go get Tom Selleck.
I'm going to revive this guy's film career.
People don't realize how good this guy was.
And Howard Hasman.
Do you want me?
That's actually the perfect one, that's the perfect person for it.
Nicely done.
It's got one up, one up to all you.
I do love how I asked him on WKRP and Cincinnati,
which I still watch from time to time and reruns.
Jan Smithers, yeah.
Love Jan Smithers.
Yeah.
Oh, I rediscovered my love to her.
I thought you were more of a Lonnie Anderson.
I am.
Yeah, exactly.
Was talking to someone the other day about some dreams I've had.
Full disclosure.
What?
Yeah.
You don't like Tarantino because you think that he's
a smug creep yeah that's pretty much why okay wow right on this right on the
head it's very cute now Roy did you ever do comedy I've done a little bit of
comedy you always a funny guy oh yeah you always had great jokes oh yeah yeah
thanks for going do you want to hear one I'd love to hear one I will bet my my
my joke this is my average joke too this ain't like top shelf at all you know
Okay, it's better than anything you could ever come up with well. We'll see about okay. You ready?
All right, host are you ready? Huh? You got me. Oh, I wasn't sure I was still
Involved in this. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, you're doing your own show over
Well, you're at the controls an engineer if I had the controls. I'd be engineering it myself
Way more reverb on my own voice. Do you want a little bit more? Oh, absolutely
Hello
Maybe back off like 8k
6k
Hello perfect
Yeah, it's perfect
Okay, you ready? Yes. I can't believe that on that. Okay. All right here. Okay. Okay, so there's these two squirrels
And they're hanging out up on them train tracks up near coal more
Mm-hmm
And they're just kind of having fun and stuff. And then all of a sudden the R6 goes whizzing by
And it almost takes off one of their heads
And the one squirrel goes oh my god that was nuts and the other squirrel goes
I'll say it was nuts. What's the R6 doing up here in Colmar?
Everybody knows the R6 goes from yayden to chestnut hill not Doyle's town to media
That might just be a silly thing.
Don't you get it?
Who don't love a good septhe joke?
What is septhe?
Oh my god, you are a philodummy.
Oh my god, the idea of the art.
Isn't that great?
Yeah, like what do you picture in your mind?
I know because, you know, the R5 is blue and the R6 is red.
And you don't never see that up there.
Okay.
Now I get it.
Can you picture it?
In theory.
Can you picture it?
Yeah.
The R5.
Say you picture it.
I see what you're saying.
Say you picture it.
I picture it.
You picture it.
I picture it.
Okay.
Will that make it go faster?
Absolutely.
If I just say picture, I picture it.
How many phone lines looking I'm completely silent. Okay. Well, I got I know I know that's not right. Are you ready?
That's what let me just it
201 209 oh, I hate these IDs 201 209 9368 we're doing that's not right
Is the thing to call in about think of the thing in your life where you said, you know what that's not right?
two oh one two oh nine nine three six eight let's get those phones ringing we
are joined in studio by a famous comedian Paul F. Tomkins you call me a
comedian comedian okay all right you do have a ponytail that's for a role I
know you may have seen Paul F. Tomkins on John Adams he was were you in John
Yes, yes, I was in John Adams. I played I played a lot of different small roles. Okay. Yeah with Paul Janotti
Yeah, mm-hmm, and you people might know you from a from the root of all evil the root of all evil
Yes, lose blacks the root of all evil. Yes
Coming back I picked up we're gonna do congratulations. Thank you. You know I like on that show the music
And I'm wow comedy. Yeah, they'll be like good coming up. It's gonna be my
Inquisition
So we find out who's worse like we can get it yeah without the Met like like I didn't know this
Comedy was so edgy this metal is cluing me into how edgy it actually is you don't think it helps I don't think it helps
You don't when you hear that music you don't feel like oh
Oh, I see what's happening.
I start banging my head to it,
and I forget to laugh a little bit.
Well, I feel like the music ends just in time
for you to start laughing.
I hope they do a soundtrack.
I hope that band, that amazing band can...
Who's it, Prong?
It might be.
It might be Prong.
But they, yeah.
I got a lot of different credits.
But it's a funny show.
I'm just teasing.
You know that.
You may tease all you like.
I think it's funny.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm a fan of you.
Right.
on it with a fan of patent Oswald he's alright I'm really funny you're really
fun and he's really fun and one-on-one a the problem is I totally understand
for you yeah that you look at comedians you're able to rank them in different
ways or appreciate many comedians at the same time I'm unable to do that that I
like I do best you have a competition in you that's what you're trying to say
I might have a condition you don't want to see anyone else succeed but to me it's
it's more than that it's i can't fathom that there are other people that are
trying to do what i'm doing uh-huh that like i i do best week ever in the show
airs on friday and there's a lot of people on it yet makes no sense that
the idea of a uh... seth uh...
uh... uh... seth hertsog
or a uh...
a fragile
exactly the idea of them
i like rangela
they're all nice people that no i'm not putting them down but the idea that
they are sharing the universe i'd just don't understand yet
But there's only one note. There's only room for one number one and you know who he is the caveman
The top-notch caveman. Yeah, no. Is that caveman? I don't don't let that show's not coming back caveman caveman caveman caveman
It's not what I know we you know what here's what's not what I'm at about ABC left us hanging
Uh-huh that where what all of a sudden the story of the caveman who live in our modern era?
Yeah, it's just over to pick it up in the commercials again. Oh, I hope so
i hope they continue the series in the commercials
previously on the show based on these commercials but they can get the guy
co-lizard to uh... talk them into it like
previously on
caveman
i wish you could get all the guy co things together into one spot with the
lizard the caveman and the celebrity cheesy celebrities and then we lock the
door once they're all inside the one room
and the pellets drop
fm you you're on the air
Hey guys, Dan and Hoboken, how you doing?
0703O.
That's right.
Washington Street.
Washington Street.
Yes.
Benny Todino.
You have Benny Todino's tonight?
I did not tonight.
How many slices do you put down tonight?
What's that?
How many Benny Todino's can you eat?
I can't have any more than two.
No more than two?
That's respectable.
Are you worried about the life cost?
The size of your head.
Really?
slices it's a dot it's a slice is a dollar thirty and it's a size of your
head so it's on real
two slices like half a pie
two slices is a pie
they literally cut a pie in half
it turns out the problem is they don't have a good pizza cutter
so the guy gives up after just huge flight and a half here rather than go
by a new pizza cutter
he gives away uh... eleven dollars worth of pizza for a dollar fifty
the bad business but go ahead and uh... so i got one for the topic i
actually went down to philadelphia stuff
all right
or
the net still is game
i'm sad or
and uh... i'm a man and i walked in wait a while
uh...
met hat and i thought that uh...
you know i thought i was going to get a lot of the razz maybe you know
from drunk i tried to fight me or something like that
and i wish i could say that
the phillias fans were what's about me to say that's not right
but there were some obnoxious
met fans going down to philadelphia looking for fights
like going in in their jersey in their hat
and screaming about the met putting their hands up in the air trying to
high-five the met and that goes by it like what i don't want to be associated
with you i don't want to high-five you
if i may
if you go looking for it
you're not going to find it in philly
that's we like to be in charge absolutely and the fight start absolute
when batteries are thrown and when we throw the battery is when you're
walk into your car at the end of the night and we get you from behind and get the nine
volt in the head.
Well those gentlemen should have done was quietly enjoyed the game and said thank you
very much.
So left.
So it's like Philly and Philly.
It's kind of like when you think you got out of Philly safe and sound.
That's when somebody yells something at you.
Oh yeah.
You're in your car.
You're about to get on to 95 North and you get the battery in the temple.
Yeah.
Well someone did jump this guy from behind towards the end of the game.
good for it all worked out
he got what he wanted
thanks then
fm you you're on the air
i thought it's a mirror and florida
smear how are you know that's being nice and and hello roy and uh...
well i was to hear you sound always sound very elegant on the phone he is
i've seen pictures of his a very classy guy is a bit of a dandy
he reminds me uh... not not unlike you
really yes
i know he has got to say i try and model my look at the pool where i can
well i'm flattered you sound like you're from england are you
i am from england uh... you know what town london
from uh... the north of london
and london bermingham
and i actually from london but the not the northern part of london
upper london
that's where black sabbits from
uh... that they're actually from bermingham they were i don't think so
he's he's got pretty sick but i mean i think that
uh... went when i was a good talk yet a pretty sick but i mean i think that
anyway go ahead
i'm sorry or i've got a who
i think no apology can be too big
aussie of the guy from no dio is the singer for for black Sabbath
now dio is this
there was one of the thing is that many there was a change in personnel at
some place
anyway go ahead host
uh... all i'm sorry yeah i didn't know you're talking to me let the caller
uh... go ahead speak of the voice
can i go ahead
please do
some air all right i've got i've got a that's not right although
roy might disagree with me it's about uh...
there's going to be a upcoming edition of playboy which is playboy girls of the
olive garden
oh yeah i can't wait
yeah i think that i think that
you know nothing in the olive garden but i think that no you know you know
first of all i'm going to interrupt you there everything against the all
that's one of the worst restaurants in america and it's classy no it's not
class is to all you can help the way they advertise on the television with
uh... making it feel like it's family get it's a family style yet family have
that family
they have that thing where it's like um...
may hold on a second i just got uh... and angry email from the casey for
misteria
i didn't appreciate the fact you didn't give me much of a shot this evening
period
you flamed out twice uh... buddy that's not my fault of crying to me that's right
anyway richard england go ahead they have
the uh...
the all of this is like the all you can eat salad bar like the unlimited
salad bar and it's like oil and vinegar port on iceberg lettuce so and
unlimited breadsticks like wonder bread in the shape of italian bread
but i i would urge everyone to find the clip i think it was a playboy dot com
right
of the girl
who's one of you have no i don't
well it grows one of you have your
lives or whatever
and she's on you can find on youtube yeah it's it's a beautiful beautiful it's
one of the funniest clips i've seen in a long long time
youtube where she explains her passion for all of garden and that she's on a
talent hunt talent hunt yeah for these for these girls people to take their
clothes off. And as she walked into the house, she has an olive garden bag,
presumably full of food, which he slams into the wall and turns around. And you
know that was the 18th take. Yeah, that was the best one. I say thumbs down
Olive Garden, thumbs down Playboy, thumbs down YouTube. I say thumbs up
everything you just thumbs down. You're gonna you're gonna
I'm gonna indict YouTube as well in that.
Wow, for hosting stuff like that.
Wow.
Next call.
Okay, FMU, you're on the, wait, why did I do that?
Why am I obeying you really for running?
Because you're getting ready for me to become your mayor.
Taking more.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi, it's Alice, I'm calling from Richmond, Virginia.
Oh yeah.
Casey, well, I still can't get past this guy being mad.
Let's get him back on, get him to call back in.
i feel you uh... you rushed me off the air
you flamed out twice i gave you a second shot
you you were uh... burned out hard to turf down front of everybody a second
time so embarrassing
tell all the people are calling your shareholders in your show right here's
what he wrote
all of your
i didn't appreciate the fact that you didn't give me much of a shot this
evening
i was entirely prepared to add something to the lines
or no lines topic
But I was attempting to be polite and introduce myself.
As your novice callers often tell you,
it can be a nerve-racking ordeal to phone the best show.
I think your hook was a little too quick.
Casey, you're gone, five-year ban on Casey right there.
What's the date today, Mike?
23rd, April 23rd, 2008.
Kasey from a story is allowed to call in 2013,
April of late April of 2013.
If he even calls in early April of 2013,
that's a seven year ban starting that day.
I'm telling you right now, Kasey,
the day you call, you add seven years to your sentence.
Oh, I'm sorry, there's a caller on the line waiting to talk.
Madam, what can I do for you?
I just wanted to add something to the topic.
Let's hear it.
Please do.
I used to foster cats for the Humane Society and I went in to get a new cat and they had
like two sort of big dumb fat cats and one of them was just absolutely missing half of
his tail and I looked at him and I thought, oh man, that's not right.
And I brought him home and like six months later I adopted him because he's just the
greatest cat.
You want to know what?
Yeah.
not not right you for taking that cat yeah what's your name again I'm Alice
I'm calling from Richmond Alice from Richmond yep you cancel out Casey tonight
that guy his snooze of his two snooze calls and his bitter emails you've erased
him from my memory thanks I feel like I've done my good deed for the day that
know my good deed for the week that well you did a good day after that cat
appreciate you very much
now you know that you're as much as a captain appreciate anyone what's your
cat's right
he really doesn't care he doesn't know it
what's your cat's name
uh... i named him chesory arthur
he had very big
sort of presidential sideburn whiskers like the senator
yes very much like the senator
good job alice
I'll tip my hat to you.
Thanks.
Have I met you?
You're on the air?
Hello?
Hi.
Hi.
This is Joanna from Portland.
Hi.
Joanna from Portland, Oregon or Portland, Maine?
Oregon.
Oregon.
Good catch, Tom.
You go on to the dog fur tonight?
Not tonight.
Okay.
With the street trash up there, right?
Going to pals?
Oh, always going to pals.
Getting some books?
Gotta go to pals.
To the auditorium.
What floor?
Oh, the auditorium.
my favorite band.
Dandy Warhols.
The Dandy's?
You don't like the Dandy's?
I don't want to say it one way or another.
Okay, what about Poisson's idea?
Pig champion?
Sure.
Lake Great Pig champion, right?
Oh, yeah.
He passed on.
Yeah.
No.
He's the guy.
Paul, I don't know if you know what Pig champion looked like.
I have absolutely no idea.
i'm going to find a picture right now i would be very happy to be him right now
i'm going to say well is that he was not in any movie was here he was here for
mister universe he was in the big champion story
you know babe he played a lot of it yes
big champion here we go
do you want to
yeah sure come around here not to be confused with the slayer hippie
No. Oh. Oh. And that guy was in a band. He had some
girth. Girth. Yeah. Page champion. Was he struck by lightning?
He died of girth. Exactly. Yeah. So I broke into his house and
there was a struggle. And he would like some debris. Yeah,
some horrible thing like that. Like, like, oh my God, poor
big champion. It was a robbery and he bravely tried to defend. He was making a
deposit at the bank. He was in the bank online and the bank started to get robbed
and he stuck up for everybody. The bank robber tried to hit this old
lady with the butt of his rifle and big champion wouldn't stay in for it. He
started fighting them all. He fought them and then he just finally one of them
shot him what and then this is a story people actually tell oh that's not what
happened he just he died what do you think happened eating everything in the
world yeah Tom Roberts whoa they played great Tom Roberts you can't
have that lady was a rifle that's not what big champion sounded like what did
sound like I say he did talk a little Jimmy Kegney don't you assault that
lady yeah on hand her you'll wrap scallion anyway Julie go ahead yes
please um I've actually called with uh once a topic let's hear it um do you
guys know about waffle con waffle con it's like rolling on the floor laughing
convention oh r o f l rolling on the floor laughing con yeah so Harvard and
then my team got together right there strike one
they're having a mention for all the internet name is paul higgets involved
in this
but i don't know anybody who would admit willing to be involved with that
and something about harvard does it how are those people
so funny after
uh... and uh... how are those people funny at all after it because anything
they do there
sounds like the dumbest stuff i've ever heard in my life
Like, did they get all their unfunny out of their system at Harvard?
Because those things all sound stupid.
Yeah.
Ooh, they had Paris Hilton come up to do in the parade for the hasty pudding.
Yeah.
Rich jerks.
Well, they always make some dude dressing drag.
Yeah.
Well, that's funny.
Like, that's still the most hilarious thing in the world.
In 2008, a man wearing a dress.
Yeah, unbelievable.
Sick.
those harvard sick was the shakespeare days that's what i think
exactly and address that's not borrow f l
that's so you will not be attending that convention
you see that they're having wait they're having a convention for your on the
air
we gotta move along
fm you you're on the air
oh it's me
live from the little first time that has ever happened from where
so it all yeah
well we're about
um... fishtown
oh my god
fishtown coming up coming up here
tell me about your row house
well it's right nearly right under ninety five
which pay for you calling for you
uh...
what's up
which pay for you calling from
nor have a cell phone who's your block captain
think his name is roger but i don't know that k
Madam, do you have something to add to the topic?
You ever go to the fire?
Yes, I have been there before.
I have one for the topic, though.
It's related to the elections today.
Last Friday, I ended up at a Clinton rally near Fishtown,
and it was pretty weird.
I did get hit in the face by Mayor Nutter
with uh...
uh... team hillary t-shirt
which i thought was a little wrong but um... from a t-shirt cannon
uh... no they were just throwing them out as a pretty small crowd is like a
hundred people
uh... the story started out very dramatically
very non-dramatically
no uh... but so uh...
governor rindell was there
because he's really breeding for hollary and uh...
he said that he had to excuse himself because he had to go uh... it was pretty
late that it was at probably like 10 o'clock but he had to leave early before
Bill Kling showed up because he had to go out with Chelsea Clinton to like go to
the gay clubs and promote Hillary at the gay clubs and I thought that that was
kind of wrong that that's the role that they give Chelsea as like they're
painting her as this fun young girl I'm not sure that that's her and they're
kind of pimping her out. When you said you found yourself at a Hillary Clinton
rally did you did you hold a son were you walking down the street and we're
stuck in the middle of one
it was that a weird venue in your house we thought we might as well go on
i'm not quite on
him hillary so i can't get too upset about the proceedings but i thought the
whole uh the gay club thing with edrin del and uh Chelsea was a little odd
well i definitely don't like the gay club thing at all
why there you go it makes sense to me because both uh
unfortunately clinton and edrin del are huge gay icons
Are they really?
You always see people dressed like them in any gay pride
They're always voguing.
Thanks for calling that them.
Final two calls of the night.
Paul F. Tompkins in studio.
Philly Boy Roy in studio.
Small change in studio.
Scott Nym wheels of steel?
He's hooking up right there.
FMU, you're on the air.
Gonna play some blamage.
Yes.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi, what's going on so I'm not a whole lot. How are you doing tonight? Not too bad. Who is this?
West from hillside West. Is this the West that is on the chat board? No, no, okay
Is it the hillside strangler? No, okay, I've heard it mad at that. No
I said no
Why don't they tell why do they say that it makes me mad? I see red
Every time they say robotic. Sorry. That's all right
Anyway, something to add for the that's just wrong. Let's hear it
Might be kind of stupid, but chocolate skittles
Has anybody seen them? I
Saw commercial for today, but I ain't never had none. I like the other ones though chocolate skittles fruitful
Yes, I kind of think I'm up thinking there were M&M's, but well are they just are they like fruit and chocolate flavored or just chocolate flavored?
No, but they still have to
He's angry again. Oh, I said no listen to me. I said they don't
So they're they're chocolate with a consistency of Skittles. I was so mad when I ate them. It doesn't sound that bad actually
Imagine a more flavored skiddle. Okay, I think a grape. Oh
Oh, well wait a minute. Is this guy brown? Yeah, how did you not know? Yeah, this guy knew we've got March
but they taste like no but i think they stop yelling at me with stories full of
holes murderer
are you wearing the skin of the person who sold you those chocolate skittles
you should be okay goodbye
i don't like final call final
thank you
if i'm you you're on the air
hey tom hey paul hey
filly
hello i don't know
yeah
who's this
it's uh... brock important
in portland portland oregon
yeah yeah
how are you tonight
i'm all right all may remember me as the ci a facebook guy
ci a facebook guy
yeah never mind
ok
i'm gonna say palm might not remember you as the ci a facebook i could not have
been a more specific thing to say could not have run less bells
uh...
what you know i have something that's here in brock
it's uh... george bush on deal or no deal
that that was weird i agree
yeah i'm not right
so i'm just what i'm wondering what uh... filled with royal uh...
thanks of uh... wc field as a philadelphia
well you know that he was always putting down philadelphia you know with the
the stuff where he said i'd rather be other places than there
As a matter of fact, that's what was on his tombstone. I'd rather be other places than there
I thought it was all things considered host I am DB that quote that actually might be on the IMDB yet or go to tombstones.com
Tombstone I already shut my computer down. Okay, we got to get out of the way of nickel and dime radio hosted by small change and
And Blomange. What's the first Blomange song you're going to play there?
Blind vision.
Hey, Tom.
Yes.
You got some massage blocks on blocks?
What's that?
I do the station ID before you change over.
You can't. No, you legally can. And I'm offended that you would suggest that you can.
Very, very presumptuous.
Yeah. I was just rude, Brock.
Hey, Tom, could I ratify this bill?
But what is exactly? What is this?
It's a fantasy baseball.
It's a spring training Billy Crystal stepping out there.
No.
Oh, he was so funny on Letterman the other night.
Was he?
He's always funny.
Yeah.
It looks like his face is melting.
Right?
He's like a candle.
Yeah.
He is.
Love his Joe Franklin.
You didn't like his Joe Franklin.
Billy Crystal.
I like him.
I guess he's so mad.
Doctor Midnight.
Doctor Midnight.
What's that name of his movie?
Mr. Saturday Night?
Same thing.
i don't know that this is no doctor midnight where he kills the people
that's doctor giggles so it's not okay
are we good small change
keep going okay keep riffing
best show on wfm you will be back next tuesday
hopefully what do you got in store for the uh... nameless nurse exciting show
planned like what
um gonna do a couple exciting topics i got lined up like uh
you do this thing that if you had the ability
to make somebody swell up until they exploded like puffy yeah like puffy like
literally like like a pump yeah like an air pump like they was pumped up exactly
and you could make them explode who would you make explode it's a good one yeah
it would be interesting what's that if you pumped up um the two guys that said
they're going to pump you up hones and fronds yeah that would be good
now that wasn't their names no it was hones and fronds they were on
on Saturday Night Live. Yeah, Hans and Franz. Yeah, Hans and Franz.
I'm thinking of someone else then. Okay, anyway, that's who I think would be funny.
Wild and crazy guys. Yeah, doing flake those guys. Yeah. Yeah, that would be funny. Who would you
pump up? Um, Paul. Idi Amin. That guy was a jerk. So mad at him. I'm still mad at him. He
knows what he did was wrong. I'm still mad at Gaddafi. Colonel Gaddafi? Yes. I still think he's
America's biggest threat. Colonel Qaddafi. He's just sleeping. He's coming back. Yeah, yeah. He's coming
to be laying low. Gonna wait till the dust settles. Exactly. And we get cocky. Let everybody, he's
gonna wait. It's kind of like you let them go to the left. You let them go to the right. He comes
right up the middle. Yep. Ain't no one looking. Exactly. Thank you Roy. Yeah. Wow. I'll be looking.
You know why? Why? Because I'll be mayor. You will be mayor. You know what you want to say
thing is I think you're gonna win. I know I'm going to win. I have a bad feeling.
It's going to be great. It's going to be great. I've heard some of these other
candidates. Yeah. You're not the worst one. I'm sure I'm the best one. How many
candidates are there now? There's got to be over 10 people in the race. It's
probably a dozen people. You're over 20. Yeah. I'm getting dirt on all of them.
Really? Yeah. Are you going to run? No, I'm not going. Who do you consider to be
your biggest threat? Probably Glenn Danzig. You think Glenn Danzig? Yeah. He's got a
lot of smart ideas uh-huh but you know what what he's two eight he's two eight
no he's three eight he's three foot eight Glenn Danzig is only three foot
eight smart though now Paul yeah is there any chance you you're right out there
Mike this is it's the show within the show he does his own show out there he
does some night I'm not gonna do this show I'm gonna get a fill in I'm gonna
go out there and do the show with Mike. Do you ever feel like you're actually
screening calls for Mike? In a weird way. That he tosses off the weirdos to you.
I'm getting the afterburn. Yeah. He gets the great call.
Yes. They're fresh out there and they call here their vaguely worn out by
the time they get on the air. Does everybody have to have two responses for
the topic? You should hear the things I can hear him talking about some weeks.
he'll take these people he'll talk to them for five minutes trying to coach
them and mold them into a caller it's like one week what if we changed roles
Mike would not get one call I would not let anyone through because your
previous call screeners they would just say you can't curse that would be it right
Mike is like Mike is Mike is really shaping the show he's like he's like Fred
the court of a
ask me something or tell me do you have it it would you consider running for
mayor of newbridge
never really been a politics guy it don't matter i don't even need to be this
could be your chance right now on the way out
to throw your at the throw your hat in the ring
I'm gonna go out and get the 37 signatures. I don't like it. I don't run from here. There you go. I like it. See you in Italy, guys. Oh, no.
There goes the Philly vote. I feel like I got a lot to bring to this town. Thank you, everybody.
WFMU East Orange, WX.
What is it again? I don't know. Who cares? WFMU East Orange, WXHD, Mount Hope, WFMU.org.
gee stay tuned for nickel and I'm ready with small change coming up
we're good
cd2
here it comes
i'm telling you keep it silly this guy's doing the best show this guy does
the best show on wfm u right now is hot
he's in the pocket right now
keep listening