We've got to look into the
I'm so proud of you
I'm so proud of you
So
So
We're going to make it to the end of the day
We're going to make it to the end of the day
So
So
We're going to be doing it.
We're going to be doing it.
We're doing it.
We're going to be doing it.
We're going to be doing it.
So
So
The word wild applies to
The words you and me
I'm taking a walk to an African park one day
I saw a sight say the animals have to ride away
Wildlife
Whatever happened to
Wildlife
The animals in the zoo
Your breathing's so hot
A lot of political nonsense in the air
You're making it hard for the people who live in there You're moving so fast
But baby, you know not well
Wild light
Wild light
What's gonna happen to
Wild light
Wild light
Animals in the zoo
you
You better stop
Cause animals everywhere
A man is the top
A man on the tube
A man who just gotta care
Ooh, I like
Oh no it's not
What's going to happen to you?
Aask, oh no
Wow I'm almost in the blue
Yes
You're breathing a lot of political nonsense in the air
You're making it hard for the people who've ever been
Cryin' out, cryin' out, cryin' out, cryin' out
What's gonna happen?
The Imma Luza La Z
You
Watch out
Helping all around you
The pain that often means
Everything you do
You are of darkness
Watch out now, take care of the world of all, I'm suddenly good
Wiping up inside the way
The homelessness around you
In the dead of night
We love Sunday
We can't get you
We can't get you
Break the soul of what is known
Granny, it's not what you are beautiful
Watch out now, take me where we will
So choose your love
Dancing outside the walls
You
Watch out
just
be well
Now what you're sittin' up, seein' the patches by old stuff, like you have no place to go, but there's so much they don't know bad levels go
You've been stood around the years, seen my smiles and touched my tears, I've been a long, long time, now you've been on my mind, my path goes through
I
Block
I
Love
I love
In the fog and in the rain, through the pleasures and the pain,
On the stand by the side of the sand, through the flowers,
And I haven't stroked
While the years have come and gone
I look more sure and sure
I'll be right all the time
But I'm guessing I'm a nice place
I'll be right all the time
You
Efforts
Let it roll across the floor To the road and down the door
To the fountain of perpetual love Let it roll, roll, it's worth
And you'll find your way in the place of love
Cause your body's in the place
And you'll see the love and love that's in place
And you'll find your way in the place of love
Music
They're all about who they came to say
Love won't support the change
If you would, you may rest in wine
Make your dreams about your time
Let it go
Play more, play more, play more
Play more, play more
You lose your dead people
Your mom is sweet, so start up
Your eyes are shining, roll up in her light
Let it go to the night
Boy, it is on the street
It is clean, hard to glance
It's good, let you see, see the dark
New story, all high
And you saw me, you cannot break in it
Lord, I know you're a new
Light on speak, it's made
Say it's gone, you're been not here
Oh, for sure, I've learned my heart so low
You're all for you that say
All this shad is gold
Titar may oldrate
M are years of calm are hand
Tarigant comes with prophet
Oh, yeah, we ready to do it in the name
Torana somethings
In some hidden shadows
Do our sacred glint
At your instinct
You're it in dawn
Oh, I did it in the soul of love
Lord, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Score your full hope today
You're saving more on dawn
Say it out for me if you know so long
You're for you, brother
All this things world
You
I'll be right back in a minute.
I'll be right back in a minute.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We'll be right back in a few minutes.
We'll be right back in a few minutes.
I'll be right back in a few minutes.
I'll be right back in a few minutes.
So
So
I'm going to do a little bit of this.
I'm going to do a little bit of this.
I'll be right back in a few minutes.
I'll be right back in a few minutes.
Let's go!
I'll be right back in a few minutes.
I'll be right back in a few minutes.
So
So
Oh
We're going to be doing the best we can ever do.
We're going to be doing the best we can ever do.
So
So
Let's get this over with.
Hey everybody, best show, WFMU.
I'm in a party.
Phone number two oh one five three six.
Open phone Tuesday, here on The Best Show on WFMU.
My name is Tom Sharpling playing in the background apple jam what is it thanks for
the pepperoni probably for that I remember Jeep before that the magnet to
Foxdog from her debut album. Before that, a few songs while we were trying to figure
out some tech stuff. And here we are on the air, another two hours and 12 minutes.
got all kinds of stuff to do do all kinds of stuff to say
one, five, three, six, nine, three, six, eight
All kinds of magic.
Hello.
FM, you're on the air.
Hi Tom, it's Julie from Cincinnati.
There we go.
How are you?
Doing great, how are you?
Super, you sound kind of drunk.
I'm not drunk.
Oh good. Drinking and radio don't mix.
Yeah, and you've proven that. Yes I have. I turned over a new leaf though.
You did? Yeah, I'm not over drinking on Tuesdays anymore.
You're not going to over drink on Tuesdays. Right.
You're just going to drink. Moderately.
Sounds like a fair enough idea.
Yeah. Uh, why did you play so much music today?
Was it a joke?
No. I love music.
Uh, I do too. Do you like Madonna?
Yes. Me too.
What's your favorite Madonna song?
Um, let's both say it at the same time.
Let's say it at the same time. I'll count to three, and I'll say it.
one two three lucky star lucky star what yours is lucky star also yeah how did
you know I didn't know that's my favorite wow that's mine too it was all
downhill from there maybe let's name our second favorite Madonna song on the
Count of three. Ready? One. One. Two. Three. Go. Borderline. Did you say Borderline?
Did you say Borderline? Yes, I did. Oh my God. How about that? Yes. Wow. How about that?
Do you like, I don't know. I don't know anything. What is their topic tonight?
there will be
what is it going to be my love to call back
if i'm still awake
yes you are
and i like you better than mike now
really you like me better than mike
now i do mike's very likable
i know it
good guy
yes good guy
got nothing bad to say about mike
me neither
You know what, you know Julie, your call back, you did it again.
It did what?
When I say you know what, you should say, you should say what, not, no, I'm not thinking
you're a mind reader.
I thought that's why you were asking if I know what.
Well I was going to say you call back as much as you want tonight.
Does it say for a full day?
I'm giving you the eternal green light for one evening.
For this evening, well, I'll probably go to bed in like 20 minutes,
but I might call back like 20 times, but I probably won't.
You are welcome to call back as much as you want tonight and tonight only.
Am I allowed to call back at all ever again?
From after next week, you're only allowed to call once.
I know, I know.
But this week, this is April Fool's Day.
No, because it's a fun night.
and you sound uh... usually sound uh...
you sound weirdly sober
i know i don't know more over drinking on tuesday i'm the one who sounds uh...
on the one who sounds off tonight
i thought you were drunk
i'm not drunk
all right you call back later
to pop
fm you you're on the air
i don
how is this
glory how are you
i'm okay
doing great
Okay, I really won't throw an offer because you didn't ask me where I'm from
What?
Easy to say
From?
I know where you're from
That's okay
Miami
Yeah
You like just people to know that though
I don't know
It's a point of pride. It's a it's a class thing
No
You want people to know that you can afford to live high on the hog in Miami
Oh, come on. The cost of living is less than it is in New York.
Oh, I don't know about that.
Not in your neighborhood.
Yeah, I want to stop it.
Maybe it's kind of equal, yeah.
Yeah, I'm going to say, yeah, it is going to be equal.
Okay, so how are you?
Doing great.
Yeah.
How are you?
It could be better.
What's wrong?
He's a mockingbird who was mating season's rocking birds and males, they sang night and
day.
And this guy who is outside my window, he's saying he starts singing at night around
12 o'clock and doesn't stop.
He has so many different clothes. He's like that guy from the cop movies.
From the cop movie.
The comedy ones. I forget what they're called now.
What? Police Academy?
Yes. Can't you know, they do all these sounds. They can do like a car alarm, cell phone,
that little sound when you lock your door.
You've got some very talented mockingbirds.
Yes.
And you know, sometimes it sounds really pretty,
but after, you know, it's 2.30, 2.40.
Not so much fun.
3 o'clock is like, okay, it's not interesting anymore.
I don't want to go out there and scare him away
because I don't want to like,
Chloe go block him
That's sick
Don't want to know anything about that
201 536 9368 best show
Doing it
FM you you're on the air
Hey Tom, it's Jerry and Boulder. How are you? I'm doing great. How are you doing? I'm I'm doing okay. I
Called just to something bother me since I called last week. What's that?
You know, I went through this whole rigmarole about guided by voices. Oh, that's right. Yeah
You were the guy complaining about the fact that Robert Pollard talks too much on stage even though
He hasn't been on stage in three years
Right. So you kind of made fun of it. This is what's breaking my little boy heart. You
like made fun of me saying that was four years ago. Let it go. And you know, what's
been bothering me all week is you followed that up with a joke about Mark and Mindy.
And it's like, you know, I made fun of Mark and Mindy. Yeah, I like that. No, I like
this. Just like it. You didn't find my Mark and Mindy jokes funny. Well, if we're talking
about you know shelf life let's uh... let's get real here man i mean
four years verses twenty-five
we think you think i'm off-base there was a mad about my mark and then the
joke
you seem a little
you seem a little uh...
annoyed
that i was bringing up a four-year-old band
you're mad about it
I wasn't mad about it, I just thought it was a company that could be improved, which I don't know.
Anyway, I just wanted to give that off my chair.
So when he comes out of retirement, he can improve upon it.
Right, exactly.
When Robert Pollard decides to hit the stage again, it's an area where he can improve.
So you're saying Robert Pollard is never on stage now?
I am saying that.
So he doesn't perform solo act as a solo act.
Didn't he release an album like last year?
He released an album like last, uh, last week.
I think he just put a new one out.
Hold on one second.
Yes, there's a new album.
Alright, well, he just put a new one out.
Not a big deal, I just wanted to get off my chest so I could sleep at night because, uh, it's just, you know...
You don't sleep.
You don't sleep.
Stay haunted.
You stay haunted by it.
You have to come haunted...
at the way of the world on my shoulders.
2-0-1-5-3-6-9-3-6-8
Broadcasting from foothills college. This is kfjc loss alto's hills
You're on the air
What's that? I like working in me, too. You like it? What do you like about it?
What? What do you like about it?
I liked that Mark was, um, like he was from another, like, planet, but he kind of blended in, okay?
Yeah, he did a pretty good job. Mark did a pretty good job on that show of trying to fit into the world that he ended up in.
Remember when he would, um, he would, um, go to, uh, Mindy's music store?
Oh, yeah.
I do. That music store run by, uh, was it her dad and her grandmother?
The grandmother was raffable.
Yeah, she really did not, um, she didn't take much, uh, stuff.
No, it didn't take a lot of guff. Remember when mark at the end mark would always talk to
That man
Oh, that's right. He's back on this home planet. Yeah, what was that man's name?
Orson when he would do that mark calling Orson mark calling Orson. No, I don't think it's bad
That's not what it was I don't think that was his name. What was his name? It was like glorlock
Goerlock. I don't think it was Goer- I thought it was Orson.
Ask your call screen or Troy.
His name's Mike actually.
Hey, Mike? Mike left.
What are you doing?
What?
I heard some weird sound.
I was dozing off.
Why were you dozing off?
because I'm sleepy Jeff because you're what sleepy Jeff sleepy Jeff yeah that's my
nickname is your name Jeff yes and they call you sleepy Jeff yeah why and why
do they call you that they sleep a lot of kind of those awful live well great
time to do it when you're on the radio I used to do it all the time I used to
Do you use the doze off during track meets?
In high school, yeah, I was a Myler.
Uh-huh.
I was falling asleep in the middle of the mile.
While running a track meet.
Yeah, why?
Well, that does not sound...
I'm sure you came in last a lot, though.
Oh, you saw me run?
Well, no, I just kind of assumed you did because...
you were you were saying you fell asleep I'm just assuming that anybody who
didn't fall asleep was able to finish the race before you did I also used to
drive the school bus but I got fired you drove the school bus yeah guess why I
got fired um is it because you fell asleep at the wheel of the school bus
no no I fell asleep as I was walking up the steps of the school bus why okay
You fell asleep going up to the steps of the school bus. You mean to start your day driving the bus the first day
Yeah, I never even got to turn the ignition on
Yeah, that um
You got fired on your first day. I did yeah, but then I had I was able to stay awake for years and years
uh-huh
So I went to a certain store
What store?
it begins with the word das even das even owned elf yeah the German 7 11 yeah
and they were giving away these lip balms uh-huh and I tried one uh-huh I
couldn't stop trying them uh-huh and what was the in the lip balm
Hello?
Blue.
Blue.
I just took some.
You just put some more lip balm on your lips?
Yes.
Why?
Well, because now you're going to fall asleep.
You know what I'm going to do?
Don't before I do that.
What's that?
Sleepy Jeff?
I'm going to throw my bed hat into the ring.
or the Mayoubin tutorial election new bridge
you can say it may you've been a torial no may you been a torial may you
been a torial there it is may you been a torial may what may you what may you
been a torial a you've been a torial election here in Newbridge New Jersey
here in Newbridge, New Jersey so you you are actually going to run for mayor
that's pretty exciting and and what what's that what do you say I'm saying
you're running for mayor which is exciting yes very exciting guess what my
platform is well what is it getting enough sleep you want to get that's the
whole platform getting enough sleep it's don't get enough sleep anymore did you
see 16 minutes a couple weeks ago. I did not. It was about how we all need at least 18
hours of sleep a day. 18 hours? Yeah, I get more than that. Wow, you're a
sleep a lot. Guess how many hours I get? 19. 19. Oh. 20. Little higher. 21. Little higher.
22. A little higher. 23. No, a little lower. 22 and a half. Exactly, yes. You sleep 22 and a half hours a day.
I do, yeah. And then I sit as a siddle for the rest of the day.
That's all you need. Yes. So you're awake for that other, that other hour and a half. Oh, I get so much done too.
That hour and a half.
Yeah, guess what I do.
I don't know.
I watch TV.
Uh-huh.
Get the show.
I watch.
Um.
Tyra?
No.
Mark and Mindy.
Oh, Mark and Mindy.
When is that on?
It all comes full circle.
Yeah, it does.
It's a perfect example of a full circle call.
That's pretty interesting.
It's very interesting.
Well Sleepy Jeff.
Yeah.
Congratulations on joining the race.
Thanks.
I'm going to have a really, really, really late night pancake kick off slash sleep off.
A sleep off?
Yeah.
Do you want to come?
No, I don't.
Please, I want you to be my campaign spokesperson.
You want me to be your campaign spokesperson for your electoral race, joining the May
Yeah.
Yes.
Yes.
Do you know why?
Why?
Because you were a very soothing voice.
It puts people to sleep.
Really?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I didn't think my voice was soothing.
I listened to your iPod podcast to help me get to sleep.
You're making me tired.
Who is?
You.
I'm yawning in here.
Really?
That's good though.
Sleep is good for you.
How many hours did you get to today?
night probably six and a half. His name is Mike actually. Hey Mike, how many hours
sleep do you get? He said seven. Oh my god that's sick. Well what would you say is the
You are making me so tired.
Well here, you know what you should do is to get a little pick me up.
What's that?
Whatever the record for me, okay?
What do you want to hear?
We'll really get your blood going.
What is it?
The weight by the band.
You want me to play the weight?
Can you play that?
No, I really don't think so.
We know it.
It's not, the band are not my favorite.
Well that song gets your blood pumping though, right?
right oh my well play something else play how about um oh this will get you
going can you play the new kid in town by the eagles you're suggesting all
these quiet songs these like they're loud to me well they're they're the tempo
if these are kind of low tempo songs they seem fast to me when I'm in bed
listening to them the new kid in town yeah that's that's that's that's like a
fast song okay yeah how about um how about the theme from mahogany Wow you
making me exhausted just thinking of these songs okay help out oh gosh what
Um, how about just the first part of behind blue eyes?
Yeah, you mean before the guitars and drums kick in?
Yeah, oh, I don't like that part.
Yeah, that part's a little too loud for you, a little too fast.
Yeah.
Oh, you're making me tired now.
Oh, you're making me tired.
You're tired too.
I have to pull over.
You're driving?
Of course I am, why?
I didn't... I can't assume you were driving.
Of course I am driving a bus!
You said you got fired from that job.
It's another bus, it's like a tourist bus.
I took a load of kids down to Washington DC to see all the sites.
And then we're driving back.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Really? So wait, you're driving these kids?
Well, first of all, what are you doing on the phone?
A guy can talk on the phone and drive at the same time.
I've got two knees.
Oh, that's terrible.
You can't drive a school bus with your new knees.
I got the phone in my right hand.
I got my stick and my left.
I'll hang it out the window.
I'm driving with my knees.
That's terrible.
I'm looking for one eye.
And your what?
I'm looking for one eye.
Why are you only looking through one eye?
Because I'm so tired. I can only keep one half open. Why?
Well, that's horrible. Well, it's not fun. The kids like it. They're all sleep anyway. You know why? Why?
Because I gave them something
Blue. Yes. That is terrible. How old are these kids?
They age from 12 to 13.
Well, that's criminal. No, it's not. They're having fun. They're not having fun. You you you drug them. That's not no
No, that's not drugging. It's blue. You can get it over the counter at one store.
Yeah, at one store. It's illegal though.
No, it's not. Define illegal.
Define illegal.
Well, there are laws on the books, and these actions defy those laws.
Well, I'll tell you what is illegal.
What's that?
What I'm about to do right now is these three cars and find me that are going so slow.
Uh-huh.
And I think I'm going to have to have to go around them to the left.
Uh-huh.
And into the other lane and come in the other direction.
Just for a second or so.
You can't.
Not in the school bus though.
Sure I can.
Sure I can.
Oh my God!
Sleepy Jeff?
Sleepy Jeff are you there?
Sleepy Jeff, I guess we lost them Jeepers
201 five three six
nine three six eight two oh one five three six nine three six eight
a
BetaLikeWow
The BetaLikeWow
The BetaBut
ToaOne
Five, three, six, nine, three, six, eight
Mike is screening like a madman out there. He's screening like a madman. I
Wonder if it's possible for me to get back on the instant messaging service
Which has there for to this point
Here's the four bad unavailable to me
FM you you're on the air
How's it going?
Ah, it's going all right. Who's this?
That was the Jeep from Indianapolis.
Who? Jeep.
Jeep from Indianapolis.
Yes.
When you say Jeep, is that your given name?
No, it's a nickname I got back in high school.
What?
Yeah.
And how was your nickname?
Uh, how did they arrive at the nickname Jeep?
Jeep was it pretty lame it's just my initial GP had a teacher and he just
got started calling me GP and let me shorten it and how old are you now Jeep
unfortunately 42 and you're still holding on to that nickname well some
Some family members still use it, some of my in-laws and nieces and nephews might be
time to leave Jeep behind.
What's your actual name, Jeep?
Greg.
Greg.
I'm going to call you Greg from now on.
Well, that's fine.
So what can I do for you tonight, Greg?
Did you get that letter from the IRS?
letter. What about the rebate? You want about the rebate? $100 rebate. Uh-huh. What
of it? Did you get one? Yes. And what did it say? That's what I might get. Uh-huh.
$600. Yeah. I haven't actually seen it yet and they haven't, I don't know if I'm
gonna get it. These that I might. Well, I don't think anybody got the check yet.
when are they supposed to come out when June something like that
hoping to get it sooner
fascinating I just wondered if you got that yet
no I'm glad you turned to me for that for that rather than say the people that
sent you the letter. Well, if I get the money, then I get off my phone. Michael here that
45 minutes from now.
2-0-1, 5-3-6, 9-3-6-8, best show on WFMU.
Doing it.
Now that...
201
536
9368
FMU, you're on the air.
That guy stole my thunder, I was going to ask the same thing.
What's that?
I was going to ask the same thing if you got that rebate notice also.
That's actually what you were going to call about.
I was, yeah, why?
Why would anyone call me about that?
I just want to see if you got yours.
I don't know.
I didn't and I don't think anybody did.
Don't yell at me.
I'm not yelling at you, but I just have no idea why two callers, let alone one, would think that I'm the person to turn to to ask when that check goes out.
Well, you know what's even on her?
What's that?
My name's Jeep also.
Really?
Yeah, yeah. What are chances of that?
That's pretty weird.
That's my given name though.
Your name is actually Jeep.
My full name, yes.
Uh-huh.
Jeep.
My first name is Jeep.
hmm
they'll name Cherokee
jeep Cherokee
last name uh...
wilson
jeep Cherokee wilson
why
and what what why were you named jeep Cherokee
uh... guess
uh... well your parents had a jeep Cherokee
they had that yes but they also did something in that that resulted in me
okay that's how they're having a valuable idea why yeah
yes
yeah i don't like that at all
it now i understand that but i don't understand that actually not the way
they did it from what i hear stop stop
i don't like that
what do you want to talk about
um... not
the tax refund
it's pretty interesting
did you think you'll get it
hold on a second somebody in the chat just said
that i played mostly not great music
for the first forty five minutes
other stuff you play
absolutely i i would agree with that one hundred percent that what
that the stuff you play is terrible music
it's terrible what's up with you don't like
and i didn't even hear about it
here i'm gonna get you played tonight okay uh-huh
okay
some funny song that like you kind of make fun of even though the person who
wrote it didn't need to be funny
That's what you usually do. Okay. How about uh, what was that awful band that you love?
Ahhh. I don't do that at all place. Big, big dippers. Is that what they're called? Big dipper.
calls for either Ted. Name's Mike. Why can't anybody get his name right? Oh no, he's kind of
You know what he what I imagine he looks like what what?
You know the how they'll have those like crime sketches of like a face
Uh-huh, there was a disconnect of DB Cooper
The guy that jumped out on the plane
In the Pacific Northwest and I never found them again sure like that
But he almost he looks so normal that he doesn't look human. Uh-huh. That's how I how I picture
I have to search now this picture of D.B. Cooper.
D.B. Cooper was in the news just yesterday.
What happened with him?
They found what they think is his parachute, possibly.
Some people were doing the devil's business, I guess, in the somewhere in Washington state,
and they found this parachute.
That they think was his parachute?
Quite possibly, yes, yes.
Wow, this guy is pretty average-looking.
looking. Is it me? Yeah. He looks almost like a like a robot or something.
It looks like Paul Peter Todd, yes. That well that's I can tell you that's not what
Mike does not look like DB Cooper. Really? Yeah. That's what I picture looking like and
like five foot one. No maybe like four eleven. No he's not four eleven. You know how tall
I think you are? Just on your voice? How tall? This is kind of discounting the
Modulator that I know you use I don't use a modulator Jeep pump. Don't don't do that. Come on. We're we're practically friends at this point
Clean
Everybody knows it. I don't use a voice module. Everybody that all your listeners. I would I'm not part of my computer right now
Uh-huh, but I bet if you look at you're at that shot thing right now. Yeah
Everyone's chiming in about hell. They agree that you use a voice modulator. How are you?
uh...
now they're not
uh...
their net that uh...
well so so go ahead you were starting to say how tall you thought i was
and how tall is that
i think you are probably in the vicinity
uh... three ten
three
i am not three ten yes
which i mean if i was that be fine but i'm not
Wouldn't be though. No, it would be I don't know. I do know baby. I don't know. It depends how you live your life
I guess, you know, uh-huh. No, that's not true. Yes. I mean the things you could see
Ugh, I don't want to know where your mind goes. No. Oh, no. Here's what you do. Here's what you do it for three eight
What's that? You go and you got a job as like a security guy. Mm-hmm like a like a women's clothing store. Ew
Go ahead, I gotta hear this.
No, I think it's self-inflammatory.
Self-inflammatory?
Yes.
No.
That means you only need someone to explain it to you.
You mean self-explanatory?
What's that?
That's the word I think you meant to say.
I don't think so.
Hey, baseball season just started.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Pretty exciting, huh?
Did you hear that Barry Barnes isn't playing for the Giants anymore?
Barry Barnes.
Not Barry Barnes?
Yeah.
No, it's Barry Barnes.
No, it's Barry Barnes.
He's only the best part of the run, what do they call it?
Hitter, that has ever been.
Yeah, and it's Barry Barnes.
You don't play for the Giants no more.
He doesn't play for the Giants anymore.
Who do we play for now?
I don't think he's in the pros anymore.
He ain't in the pros no more?
No, he ain't in the pros no more.
What are you going to do now?
What's that?
What are you going to do now?
What are he going to do now?
Yeah, why?
I don't know.
Do you think he'll get commercial work?
Ah, I would bet that his commercial work
would be a little light.
I asked because it seems like his sort of reputation
might be a little painted at this point.
No, because of him doing all the coke and stuff.
He didn't do coke.
Yeah, that's how he got so bad.
No, that was not coke.
That's how I got coke.
It allegedly was steroids.
Well, I got big because of coke.
Oh, okay.
And steroids.
Well, that sounds like a terrifying combination.
Well, I think about it the same time.
Why?
Well, you are really putting yourself in jeopardy.
I do I go I go climb like the highest tree. I could find that I do push-ups on one of the branches
You do push-ups on one of the branches of the trees. Oh, yeah, I do pull-ups, too
Uh-huh. Yeah
Yeah, uh, I would really recommend for your own well-being
That you don't
Do that. I don't do it anymore. Are you kidding me?
You think it's sick. It's sick to consider doing that absolutely. Yeah, it would be I would recognize
I recommend that you just, you maybe get back to just letting your body develop however
it develops.
Oh, I do.
I'm totally natural now.
Okay.
Well, that's good.
I take reggae pills.
What's that?
I take reggae pills.
Reggae?
Reggae?
Yeah.
Like the music?
Sort of.
Yeah.
It's these pills.
And they call them reggae pills because they're like they're colored red and green and yellow.
You know, like the reggae colors of the reggae flag.
Well, that's not the reggae flag.
There it is.
It's the flag.
What is it?
And I think it's the flag of Jamaica.
It's not.
I'm pretty sure it is.
The reggae flag.
When I was on it.
Yeah.
No, that's not red.
That's so offensive.
But Marley didn't design the flag.
He did.
He did not.
He did too.
We could go back and forth on this, but trust me, he didn't.
Oh, he's also responsible for my dreadlocks too.
Who is?
bob marley
bob marley is rude responsible for you to help how so
because he invented them and i wasn't because i have that i'll let you
he didn't invent dreadlocks certainly did
did that
they've been around it's a it's a it's a uh...
kind of uh... you're gonna say that adam durwett invented no i was not going to
say
from the croak
from the what
what
uh... counting crows
No, that's not it.
No, that is it.
Oh, okay.
I was not going to say that.
I like him.
I like him.
A lot of people don't like him.
A lot of people really don't like him.
Like, why do you feel about him?
I'm not a fan of his music at all.
Oh, I am.
Okay.
I read an interview with him recently in Rolling Stone.
Oh, I like that magazine too.
Uh-huh.
You know what I call it?
What?
Or Stone.
Oh, that's kind of clever.
Yeah.
There we go.
an article on him and he just seems like a uh... kind of uh... a sad sack
you know that he was uh... you know
who
hot ladies from television
yeah uh... friends
yet and for anastone and uh...
uh... what's the other one karen uh...
cordon uh... cordon
cordonic
cocks
karen cocks that's cordonic cocks
You know anything. You're so stupid. I'm stupid. Yeah. Yeah, I'm
What's your favorite full day today?
What did I do? Yeah? Yeah, nothing. Yeah, I didn't either. You didn't know that Kevin what he did
Mike
No, I'm not Mike. No, his name is Mike. Your name is Jeep
Hey Mike
What did you do for April Fools today?
He said he didn't do anything either.
That's cool.
Hey, how about his zep towards coming down?
Do you hear that?
How about what?
His zep towards.
They're going to play the garden.
Who?
Led Zeppelin?
Yeah, some fans of rock music call them zap.
I don't know if you were aware of that or not.
I guess not.
Yeah, I've heard that before.
Yeah, well.
So they're playing at Madison Square Garden.
Yep.
Did you hear that I read it on on the online? Oh, and did you read that today? I did read it
I read it just like an hour ago or so. Yeah, it's like an inquisition. What's what the questions? I don't get it
I I heard nothing about that. Okay. It just sounds like that might have been in April Fool's
A little while ago. Yeah, yeah, it was the drummer on that show on that show that they did
The Sun
Yeah, Jason Barnum. Yeah, Jason Bonham
He can't do the tour.
Uh-huh.
So who's doing it?
Uh, what's his name?
Victor De Lorenzo?
Who is that?
He's a drummer.
I don't know him.
What?
I think you know his work.
Victor De Lorenzo.
Yeah, I'll give you all a little taste, all right?
Sure.
fenneernan man
wait
the guyfascist
uh...
who well i would say maybe a guy
who doesn't play a snare and based on
what it is not even called out for like a trick a tramp bottle or something like
that but he's playing that i can't wait to hear him play that thing
it's kind of like a cross between a snare them and like an attack
uh...
but i can't wait to hear him go wild on that like in the evening
and mo and now what's all called Moby Dick Moby Dick yeah the big the big
showcase the big drum solo showcase
hanging on that keg for like twenty minutes
all man
that will be uh...
now that that it cannot be uh... the guy from the violent femmes i think it's
true with all for the web today
i wouldn't believe anything that was on the web today
because there's so many people trying to pull
pull april fool's jokes
what about the one that said you're going to die during your show
well where did you hear that
in my mind
all great
You heard in your mind that I'm going to die on the show.
I saw it playing this day.
That's terrible.
So are you, you're going to see it too, you know why?
Why?
Because I'm outside your window right now, look.
I'm on the fourth floor.
I know I'm outside the window.
I did like a spider-man sort of crawl up there.
I got the suction cups on my feet, and my hands.
I don't see you.
Yeah, your hat also, my back.
What?
A hot-toon launcher.
I think I do see something. Yeah, you see my heartoon. I see something moving on the side
of that. My heartoon is glistening in the moonlight. Oh, wow. Wow. Hey, Mike, can you
go outside and check on Jeep now you want to do a talking mike's not gonna do it
Fair enough
To a one five three six nine three six eight
Oh my side hurts, I think I might be dying, this might be it.
Let me get another kidney stone, that'd be fair, that'd be fair.
2-0-1-5-3-6-9-3-6-8
I'm going to get a little bit of water in here, and I'm going to get a little bit of
water in here, and I'm going to get a little bit of water in here, and I'm going to get
a little bit of water in here, and I'm going to get a little bit of water in here.
I'm going to go to bed.
I'm going to bed.
I'm going to bed.
Whoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-h
Whoo!
Whoo!
FM, you're on the air?
Hey Tom.
Hey, who's this?
It's, uh, Brock in Portland, Oregon.
Brock in Portland, Oregon.
Portland, Oregon. How are you tonight? I'm doing all right. I'm enjoying the little switch-up with the radio stations
So what's going on tonight champ? Oh, not much. I was wondering if you could play a 7-inch for me
What do you want to hear?
Do you have each skull good families? No
No
201. 536. 936. 8.
I hear the whistling in the other room. Mike's suffering through that now.
two oh one five three six nine three six eight
good news Mike John from Cincinnati came out on DVD today
You already bought it. You already bought. He said he slept outside of Best Buy last night, waiting for it.
Weird thing is, he doesn't have a DVD player. So weird.
2-0-1-5-3-6-9-3-6-8
Doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-d
If I get another kidney stone, I'll jump over a roof.
I'll follow jeep off the roof.
My side's all clenched up.
It's all all clenched up.
This could be it.
This could be it.
Could be imminent.
Dead.
FM you're on the air?
Hey Tom.
Who's this?
This is Arthur from Kentucky.
Arthur from Kentucky.
What part of Kentucky?
I am calling from Murray, Kentucky.
Is it the part where you don't know how to turn your radio down?
Can you still hear that?
Yes, I can.
I am very sorry about that.
Can we fix it here now?
Let's try it.
Hello, testing, testing, 1, 2.
I think you fixed it.
Awesome. How are you doing tonight Tom? I'm doing amazing. Amazing. Good. Well, I called
let you know I called last week and I had the 75 free tracks I could download from E-Music.
Oh, that's right. And I was browsing E-Music as I listened to Best Show and I had an inspiration
I've been sharpling and worster.
What did I find?
Can't talk about that.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi Tom.
This is Julie from Cincinnati.
Yes.
Yes, you said I could call back.
I did.
How are you doing?
Super.
How are you?
I'm doing alright.
Good.
Are you like seeing things that aren't really there or something?
A little bit.
Because like I asked Mike if you were going to be committed because I'm sort of worried.
What? I didn't hang up. I didn't hang up. I was listening to you. Wow. What the- I can't take it.
What is this? What's going on here? What's going on?
going on
but uh... death ship
doomed
doomed
winding all around you
two on one
five three six
nine three six eight
fm you you're on the air
uh... i uh... i just wanted to thank you for ruining my marriage
you're welcome
yeah uh... my husband keeps telling me to go shot for a cop and so i left him
really
what he started saying that when last week
and what is your name madam
my name is rachel
rachel and how long have you been married
oh about three months
and he he he he is that uh...
he's that we quilt
that he couldn't stop first of all what would possess him to say that
to his wife
all i just told him to
no more beer after a hard day at work
uh-huh
three told me to go shop for a copy
sounds like a great marriage
Oh boy, oh boy.
As I figure you're on the air.
Hi, Tom.
Hi, who's this?
Hi, this is Herbie in Philadelphia.
Herbie in Philadelphia.
One, nine, one, two, five.
No, but actually so is in that dip code.
You did?
Yeah.
I knew it.
You know where that dip code is for?
For Philadelphia.
Temple University?
It is.
Yeah. How was that? I was okay. I just graduated last semester. What did you
graduate? What did you major in? Artistry and philosophy. You ever go to that
Philly Philadelphia Museum of Art? I've been to the museum. Uh huh. Is it more like
in the the Rocky statue there, right? They have that. Is there stuff inside of
museum also yeah it sounds cool yeah so what can i do for you tonight herbie
well your name is not really herbie is it my my name's herbert but you know
pretty much everyone calls me herbie uh-huh what do they have against you what
What do they have against you?
They've nothing against me.
Oh, Herbie, what are we going to do?
Go forward, Herbie.
Tom, have you ever heard of the phrase, First World Problems?
Yes.
What do you think about that?
I think it's a very valid concept.
Yes.
I think a lot of people moan about things that are problems that they should realize they can kind of deal with.
Yeah. Do you have any first probe problems you suffer from?
Sure. We all do.
Well, what are some regular ones?
What, are you putting a topic on the table?
No, no, no, just one minute.
What am I under the microscope?
Everybody's got stuff that gets to them.
Yes.
How about you?
Once you tell me, it's clearly on your mind.
So why don't you tell me about a first one?
And what about if I thought you would like, so, you know, I listen to the best show on podcast and, you know, live, and, uh,
so everyone calls up and they want to talk about wire, and get really excited because I think it's this awesome punk band,
but then everyone's talking about this.
Did it?
Some TV show, I don't even know.
But it.
But it.
Yeah.
Right, that's wire.
Yeah, that one.
Yeah.
And then you get mad when the whole sentence like, oh, it's the wire, not wire.
Not wire. Yeah, can't bump me out. Did you see you didn't see wire on the wire though?
No, we're doing an episode. They actually did a little thing. I think it's season three. Was that season three?
Yes, it's season three. They were on just a like in a quick thing playing drug dealers. Oh, man
All right, what you doing these days, Herbie you putting that a degree to work
I'm trying to find a job actually, pretty not going as well.
As what an artist?
No, you know, in a museum or library or gallery or pretty much wherever these days.
Maybe you could be a guy on front of the museum who sings songs with a boom box.
Yeah, yeah.
have more of it in the new york maybe it's like a market in fillet that you know i
could kind of
kind of corner the market on that
what if you did that what if you sang wire songs with like a wall with the
backing tracks
the same long to uh...
sing along to uh... to uh... pink flag
on front of the museum
yeah
think five might be cool might be a little rough for some people
maybe like uh... maybe
they're like some later eighties wire and it's art
you've got a deal with it
it's true that's true good night
fm you you're on the air
eight on this is uh... john and bolder
john and bolder
the same guy
now i'm a different guy different guy
you hear that other guy a little embarrassed by him
yeah you know
yeah he's ashamed of more kimindy i don't think that's right i don't get it
what's wrong with mark and mindy
i don't know the funny show
I've got a pair of Rainbow Suspenders, actually. I bought them at a thrift store here.
So you could look more like Mark?
Yes.
But I was wondering if you think that the return of Open Phone Tuesday has been a success.
Oh, absolutely.
How could anyone think otherwise?
Yeah. Quality. Quality callers like me.
You're a good guy. I'm not going to put you down.
Yeah, you sound like a good guy.
Thank you.
Well, if W's and L's were going to come back, I'd say that this is still a W's.
This would be a pure bread L.
There's no doubt.
Wow.
This one is a double coat of painting of an L.
That's too bad.
Primer.
So we put primer on this one, L primer, and then put two coats on.
Wow.
what got really nothing to say Automargest
Alright then we'll just say goodbye to you
And nothing to say
9368
shore
specs
You'll be seein' just that freaking fool, P-ee-hoo!
Bwah bla blah blah blah blah blah...
F-M-U, you're on the air.
Hi Tom!
Hi, who's this?
Erica from Baltimore. How are you? Yes, how are you Erica? I'm all right. How are you?
Great. Oh
Great, yeah, what's up? All right, so the
Robert Greg called last week about the chain link fence artists. Yes
Well, I'm happy to report that they have taken down the fence that was fencing in our whole park in downtown Baltimore
Good the art exhibit now. What was that? It basically so people were being denied access to the park. Yes
So make us appreciate the space from a different perspective
Outside of it. Yeah
How much you want to bet that this guy
This guy even from
Baltimore he is from New York and he has parents who are artists
And they sold a piece of his artwork that he created when he was nine years old up in New York.
This guy should be ashamed of himself.
This guy should be ashamed of himself.
Yeah, we're going to close off the park.
How about my tax dollars?
What about that?
Can't use the park because I'm trying to make a point to appreciate parks?
Exactly.
Exactly.
Exactly, and they put in a new exhibit in the park right at the base of the Washington Monument
where they basically swept, it literally swept all of the garbage that were around the remaining
the streets that were around it, and they put it in this giant structure as basically
a big garbage can, and that's another exhibit that they're doing.
That's this week through May, they're doing that.
You got to get rid of these artists, and then Baltimore.
I went to art school, you know, I mean, I get it.
can you know what anybody gets it they're trying to make a point yeah but it's a
point oh oh wait oh wait what's the point you're making that things are not
perfect here in in this city that there's garbage and that they it's not so hot
in a lot of ways I'm right we got it what are we gonna do what are we gonna do
Erica I don't know it's sick and getting sicker don't feel bad oh I don't want
Yes. I have a hard time breathing. It's going to be, what if this was my last show?
What if I croaked after this show? I'm not even going to think about it.
Think about it. No. That's my art. Think about it. No.
That's my, that's my installation. Thanks, Erica. All right, fine.
FMU, you're on the air. Hey, Tom. Hey, who's this?
This is Matt from Philadelphia.
Matt from Philadelphia. What's going on tonight?
Not much. I got a couple of first world problems.
You friends with Herbie, huh?
Oh, and I heard the topic, but yes, that's true.
It's not the topic!
You guys can't make up topics!
Put them forth.
Yeah, I heard the topic. That's not the topic.
You go call Herbie's house if you want to talk about first world problems.
That's not the topic.
How dare you? Herbie, his name's Herbie. What's that Wes? Wes, what is that? What is it? What's
Is that Wes?
Let our peace system hurry, can't look
Keep me here with you
I'm gonna give this life, but I'll be trying
Can you pull us up as the odds die?
Let's look when you learn to all die
I can still believe me
When you do all this
We're gonna start it
We're gonna fight
We're gonna fight
We're gonna be free
We're gonna fight
We'll come a time when most of us return here
Don't make my heart desire to be a perfect entity
Living through a mirror is a cry
But you do realize you're dying
You leave me, leave me
I like it when you look up your path, so maybe I'll get back, it's okay, I like it when it's all bloody extreme, it makes me think the same.
It's okay, like we were
The heart of the storm
The heart of the storm
Sounds good.
Fasting from Foothill College, this is KFJC, Los Altos Hill.
Without no doubt, these are the jiggies!
Hit it.
Now, how you feel, bro?
You feel good?
There's so much bone, brother.
How you feel, man?
I feel all right.
I call your name, I don't want no people to know you're in there.
How you feel, brother?
Hey, damn!
You're getting down.
Look at him!
Ha!
We're gonna have a bonk to tie, we're gonna have a bonk to tie, we're gonna have a bonk to tie,
we're gonna have a bonk to tie, let's take a moe friend, we gotta take a high, yeah.
Alright, I'm gonna do it again, he won't do it again.
I gotta take a high, yeah, ah, ah, man, brother.
Now I want everybody to look bad and blow about two courses.
You're gonna want to wave here and just go ahead and get us now, alright.
I'm gonna get that fella with the low horn over there.
Here comes your Janet.
Hello?
How are we supposed to be doing?
Broke it if you ever hire.
Yeah.
Tell us how you're interviewing.
SHANner's loyalty.
Bob?
Hey, Robert, I browned.
I longed it the new question for Harry loose.
You're being honest, you know.
Do you careija.*
umpies which is good for atomism.
I apologize to Spike Kickstarter PewDiePie.
Well, yeah, you know why.
That is easy to learn.
I'm struggling a quarter.
You're still Christopher Trump.
Money!
Now just a master inleen.
Money isn't bad.
I'll be right back in a few minutes.
I'll be right back in a few minutes.
You know what, when I hear a groove like this, ooh, oh, you say I got you high, yeah, baby,
Yeah, yeah, like way of young man.
Ah, it's bad.
And way.
Look at you.
So we got a groove like this.
You know.
You know.
I need grit.
I need grit.
Time to jump, need to quit the rock, fit the breath, you know
I would leave a red time, brother
I get ready to wave y'all in, you know what?
Feel so down, I need to get down
And all of them need to get down, I got to get in D
And all of them need to get down, I got to get in D
Need to get in D
Dog to D
Down D
Go to D
Straight to D
Down D
Up
Up
Get on down
Be like me, I make a thing about making a big deal.
Ah, look here, look at that, you over there?
Who better say one best, but what we got to do?
Got to have a pump, good time, oh yeah.
Got to have a pump, oh yeah.
Got to have a pump, got to have a pump, got to have a pump.
Come on, so much better, go on, so much!
I gotta have a bump, I gotta take them out then!
We gotta take your high!
Yeah!
Wait a minute!
Who you say that's what's over there?
Man, you're looking cat, I know I've seen them come well!
Is that amazing y'all?
We're doing everything over there!
Yeah!
That's amazing y'all!
There's a hoop, makes ya feel like.
Make sure you don't want your love.
Thank you back bro!
Thank you back!
Don't try to do it!
Maisio!
Maisio!
Baba!
Maisio!
Baba!
Maisio!
Baba!
Maisio!
Come here, quick!
Gotta get ya, quick!
Gotta get ya!
Got to get you quick
Bang it, that little sticka
Bang it, hold
Bang it, bang it
I bet you can't play, I bet you can't play a little funny on whatever I do.
Can you play that alone?
Come on over here, play with me, brother.
Hey man, talent just kind.
Okay, brother.
Make it slow.
Bring it down, mazio, mazio
Grab your smoothie and blow, mazio
Make it soft, make it soft
I don't wanna hear it from the long mazio
Blow, blow
Doh!
Hm!
Hm!
Do you want to make a song that was like this?
Music Playing
Got a hand
Got a
Got a hand
With a man, Smith
You Versa
Is that what meant to that
That give me a little bit of truth
You just got it
I don't like you, I'm not a, no, I don't get so deep on the whole.
Yeah, you take care of all the painters when you get down there.
Give us this round of applause!
Look at him!
How do you feel, brother?
You know, if we went back to the key of L, what would you think of?
Fred, what do you think of when we think of the key of L?
He a cell phone, baby, they come for a...
Friendly...
Oh man, that's really good, let's do that.
Brother myself.
Brother, brother.
Yeah?
Hello.
What do you think of, brother?
What do you think of the D of M?
Yup.
And make it big, brother.
Freedom!
Right off!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Congratulations!
Yes, Best Show on WFMU Back.
48 minutes left. Doing it to death, we just heard. Fred Wesley and the JB's. Before that,
the apples and stereo
some called onto something from their new album electronic projects from
musicians
and the art of dying before that
george harrisman
two
one five three six nine three six eight
side hurts my back hurts
could be it
of the case stone on the way
knock me out for another month
maybe who knows
maybe this one will win
maybe this one will win this might take me out
might be it
two oh one
five three six nine three six eight
apparently we are uh...
the mighty
internet connection is about five minutes behind
so the call
thing doesn't seem to be working so well tonight
2 0 1 5 3 6 9 3 6 8
68 as we are in the void
void.
FM you, you're on the air.
hold on if I'm you you're on the air hey what's up Tom I don't know a lot who's
this this morning and innocent yeah how are you I'm good I just sorry if this
topic's been covered but um what's going on with the 91.1 radio station
There it is!
Bop!
Bop!
Let's move on.
Anything else?
That's it.
I love the texture cake!
FMU, you're on the air?
I'm loving this new format.
Who's this?
This is James.
How you doing, James?
You know what I'm saying right now?
Are you James?
Dad.
Would you be willing to spend the next 45 minutes on the phone with me?
That's a sacrifice I think I could make.
100.
It's provisional.
What are the provisions?
You let me hold the reins.
Absolutely.
Just got James I
Handed him control the show and he james me
Wait do you hear that one 25 minutes from now Mike get ready
Breaks yourself. No. No, I let him through
If I'm you, you're on the air.
Tom.
Yes.
How's it going, man?
Going great.
Who's this?
Tom.
Tomert.
How's it going?
Doing great.
You hear what you're calling from Florida?
Mm-hmm.
I don't hear you on the air, though.
Are you in the chat by any chance?
Wait, what?
Goodbye.
Wait, hear that one, Mike.
Get ready.
1044, you're in for a big laugh.
Raise yourself.
Get ready.
You're probably still hearing when Jeep called right now, but some good stuff on the way.
You might want to say you'll be here the quarter of one, but it'll be worth it.
2-0-1 5-3-6 9-3-6-8
I'm going to take a call here off the air, I'm going to see what's going on, why not.
Superhero movie, huh?
How about that? Superhero movie. Who saw it?
Colin, 201. 5369368. Nobody can hear me calling. I mean nobody can hear me giving the phone number out of you here at seven minutes later.
right
fm you you're on the air
yeah i think i'm i'm kinda new in your area i never heard the show before this
kind of fascinating
yeah it's great
it's i really don't know what's going to happen like
minute-to-minute
it's
a complete surprise every you know jeepers where you're calling from
oh you know it's more in the area
somewhere out there somewhere in your in your range
whatever you
uh...
the area where you're broadcasting to
FM, you're on the air. Hey, Tom. Hey, who's this? Hey, this is Greg. We're calling from
Greg. I'm calling from your part of the world, but are we out in San Francisco right now?
I don't know. FM you're on the air. Hello. Hi, who's this? This is Dina. Who? Dina.
Dina. Can you speak up? Yes, sorry. That's all right. Do you like pears? Do I like pears?
Yes. Not my favorite fruit. That's a shame. But I do like them. You didn't ask if they
they were my favorite. No, but they're my favorite. Well, that's a shame. Oh, there is
a funny delay. You know what my favorite fruit is? No, what is it? Take a guess. It's
Finance. Wrong. It's the oranges. Close. It's calamari. Calamari. It is a fruit in
certain parts of Europe. Fruit of Demar. That's Drake. That is incorrect.
Keep guessing.
Um...
Something you grow in the garden.
Wrong. Um...
Something you find on the street.
Something you find on the street.
yeah can we finally get that out there a cigarette smoking people can stop
the time and finally and they finally realize I saw some woman walking down
the street today looked like such a mess can we finally realize it's time it's
time to stop yes I think so especially when you find yourself attending Joan
or do you attend Joan Jett concerts? I do not, do you? Well what would make you
mention Joan Jett? It reminds me of people who have been smoking for some
time. Joan Jett fans? Mm-hmm. Really? What about them? Yes, you think about it hard
enough. If I think about it hard enough, a Joan Jett fan, I can picture a Joan
jet fan as a as a somebody who smokes a lot. Yes. Let me think. Let's try it. I can't
picture it. I just can't picture old leather face from lots of smoke over years. Picture
a thin stringy hair breaking off. Long bony fingers dyed yellow in all black leather.
What do you mean? A little too light cut for bedtime. What do you Joan Calle? You sound
like Joan Cal. John Cal's sister. What are you reading the gift? The gift to? Get off
my phone. F.M.U. You're on the air. Are you still taking calls out to bear with me? Yes.
Did you see it? Yeah. Yeah. Um, yeah. I kind of like all those movies. You knew my favorite
character was in it. James. You got James. You got James. I changed James. I like that
apples actually I don't apples are not my favorite fruit but now they are you
got James James you got James I just James James his toupee must be spinning
around on his head right now that cheap toupee he's got the ASPCA should take
a look at that to pay
laying on his head
fm you you're on the air
it's tamer
you're a call to be a mike that one of the fact that i've got some water on my face
it was right
one water that
wake up
i'm up
i'm up
What's wrong with the U's today?
What's wrong with these kids?
What energy?
No, he just got to show some time.
What's that?
He just got to show some time.
Yeah, he said he splashed more water on his face.
Like how now if I have to talk to Mike, I got to yell.
Yeah, he said that whole water, Mike!
It's soothing.
It's soothing?
Oh, it's just being relaxed.
Wake up!
FMU, you're on the air.
You're not on the air.
Sorry, okay, you want to reply. I'll be calling the wrong phone line
Yeah, it's the wrong number sorry two oh one five three six nine three six eight. That's the correct number
FM you you're on the air
josh in miami josh in miami how are you doing
i'm doing well
uh... what the well how are you like i think i couldn't hear anything that
was going on
do pretty good i think the chat froze which
now conclude that is the trifecta
now it's official
what can i do for a young man
uh... i want to uh... check in and say hi
uh...
i don't know if uh... if you know anything to talk about but
i thought someone uh...
reading reading a book that made me think about
about it you know they were reading one of these
uh... book it was called like
the republican war on science or something like that
and it's like well
i'd just read the title and i'd
know everything about
that book now
okay now they're investing you know
they invested you know hours to read the book and you really not hold on a
second
all of a good luck mike is laughing now at the thing i did twenty five minutes
ago on the show
he's out there is that a little party out there
in the evening did you just hear me james james
oh you know you heard that
they heard the low and now he's okay
the streams only eleven minutes behind
so you know you know everything about that book
yet you know what i'm talking about
you mean the idea of uh... what did you read you read the
it's likely
like a book like that is it you already get the whole idea of the book in the
title yes
you know you know you know that it's going to be
it's going to be uh... it's going to be uh... uh... sneaky
and uh... kind of judgmental religious in the wrong way all that stuff
i mean you're both not going to be like that right
my book will be like that
wait till mike you know i'm going to say let's say a message to mike right now
hi mike how are you
mike
you'll hear this in forty five minutes
just want to say hi and thank you for uh... being associate producer
mike you belong in the hall of hand
like that's not pushing
thanks josh
fm you you're on the air
hey pal
hey who's this
larry
larry larry
with where it comes from there
kansas city
kansas city how things in kansas city tonight
uh... well uh... apparently not too good
uh... what's wrong
well uh...
apparently my wife
called your show
and said that
uh...
she left me
because i told her to go shop for a coffin
and uh...
that's the first i've heard of it
was his uh... his and hers uh... comedy bid you worked out
no no no no
hello in the mary
what how long have you been married
about three months
true
your where was your where was your wedding held
actually in my parent house
okay
if we have a nice
nice photos we've gotten back yet i don't want to talk about this
i'm done with this
i'm done with this
two-oh-one five three six
what do you know what it's like to have a little party out again
what do you like that now
all
he heard the message to him
recorded that uh... early this morning
i hope you like that
record that uh... i was having uh... breakfast
figured i'd lay out a message for you
two-oh-one five three six nine three six eight
I
Am's down chats down
What else is down?
Yeah Google's down how about this Google phone. I want a Google phone. I
Want an ask Jeeves phone actually wouldn't that be cool ask Jeeves phone
You called you talked to people back in in 2003
Bum-bum-bum..
two oh one five three six nine three six eight
We're riding it out here, tech problems galore.
Tech problems galore.
Delay means nobody can hear it when I need the calls to come in.
And we can't get any consistency between the calls,
because if you call in and talk about something,
it still takes you a while to have heard it,
to continue the conversation.
burr boy
highlighted tonight with james and james
put him back in his place
little a little worm
little worm
back in his place
little worm with his little toupee
stop together adult size toupee on your head he's got a child size toupee
he must have bought that one when he was uh...
thirteen and out there was a risk it with his uh... bald head
will creep
fm you run the air
hello
yes
where where you're calling from the afterlife
with this phone connection
i am talking to someone from the other side
let me speak to harry hudini
i would like to talk to harry hudini and ask him
about some of his amazing tricks
is this uh... is not the george nori show
uh... person from the afterlife
all right
please let me speak to tikob
tikob i would like to ask him about baseball what he thinks of it
these days
you probably think
baseball sex
please
i would like to talk to uh...
someone else on the on the other side let me speak to uh...
let me speak to uh...
i would like to speak to uh... foster brooks
please
With Foster Brooks' arrow, I'd like to talk to him.
And that ghost has left.
The only kind of night, you know what I would say this tonight?
Where's Larry the Purve?
Where's Larry the Purve?
That's the kind of show it is.
The show could use Larry the perv.
Larry if you're out there, please call.
bam, bam, bam, bah, bam, bam, bam.
Geez.
Thanks for the video.
Great.
You like the JBs right?
Yeah.
Me, too.
Heh heh.
You'll be downstairs.
Small change, as to say by the way,
the last 2 weeks that you have done on the radio,
are the hardest shows I've ever heard.
Thank you.
I kid you not people better keep listening at 11 to 2 because this guy I'm telling you is on fire right now
He's throwing stuff together like nobody's business. You watch him in there. He's working up a sweat
He's got the turntables going. He's putting things that shouldn't fit together. They fit together perfectly
Kudos to you. Thank you, sir. That's what I said. Oh, thank you. And yes, we love the JV's. Yes
Thank you
FM you you're on the air you can't fake being from the other side out dare you
that's an insult to all ghosts FM you you're on the air hey James do you just
got it yeah if I get the last one not you oh I just got you you just got James
You couldn't get it out in time. You couldn't get it out in time, son. You just got back to back, James.
You got James, hold back to back, and don't bother to belly.
To quote John Sterling.
You like that, James? That's what it's like. You got James.
Twice.
201 five three six nine three six eight
That Larry the perv
That Larry
I'm doing all right, seem like you were having a hard time.
I have a great time, having a great time.
How are things out on Staten Island?
Um, you know, this is the usual.
You having fun?
I'm not really going to the ultimate.
I'm having fun listening to you.
Go to Highland Boulevard.
Go to the ultimate stop and shop.
We do.
Yeah, we do have a stop and shop now, actually.
It's got a Starbucks inside.
Yeah, I like to go to a stop and shop.
Grab a Starbucks.
Have you come to Staten Island since my last call
so you could research it a bit?
Yeah.
What's new on Highland Boulevard?
like to go to the uh... starbucks in the stop-and-shop
it's not all about
there's a really the best place for a starbucks
uh... i guess i can make money there that it is a good place for five fifty
for coffee and i got a watch uh... some guy role in uh...
four feet from my head with uh... uh... shopping cart full of paper towels
that's what starbucks was about the experience i thought i thought that was
part of what they were charging for that coffee
was atmosphere
i mean grocery store got a sit next to the uh... to the the flowers uh... shop
yeah you're not going to have a sphere
at this part of the stop-and-shop and is it called an ultimate stop-and-shop
uh... that i don't know i haven't been there so
i don't know what the what the difference between the old men uh... the
regulation of the gigantic
it's a matter of five yes
what can i do for you tonight all
uh... well nothing i think that you seem to be having a rough time though i
thought i'm a great there was a
if they're i'd you know i called mike that there was a topic
which i thought if there was a come call with something uh... useful to say
but uh... what i decided to ask you if you had seen
uh... run fat boy run
no i have not is it good enough
i haven't seen it either and i would just want to get your opinion on it
before i pulled out my money to see it how could you pass on that combo
swammer
michael and black
simon hagwin
with uh...
and i think he wrote it actually right he co-wrote it with michael and
black and we wrote it i think
all really
yeah we'll see
i'm not going to y'all not going to judge it
i don't know yet
we'll see
when i was hoping to get your opinion
see it on my behalf
why don't you see it on my behalf
maybe i will
you want to call it next week and give your report yeah
good one
those weird stand out movie theaters where the only like currently it's like
coming this weekend
one missed call
new movie coming weekend be kind rewind
i think ten thousand bc is just starting to hit that you know that comes
in May.
Yeah.
Exactly.
That horror theater.
You know, I think last time I called I told you a story about that theater and I actually
had an even better one that I forgot to tell you, but which is the last time I went to
that theater.
I went to see Superbad.
Yeah.
Which, which I guess came out.
I guess late summer around August or something like that.
Yes.
Came out August.
Early August.
Early August.
I go to the theater.
No air conditioning.
Oh, folks.
Air conditioning.
It's only August.
Yes, what were you thinking? It's a movie theater in August. Why would they have air conditioning?
Air conditioning broken Friday night no air conditioning
How do they get and were they telling people that ahead of time there was you know what?
There was a sign at the ticket window that said there's no air conditioning, but they did not
verbalize that I should have realized that they should have said
There's no air conditioning tonight. Would you still like to see a movie here?
And in fact, I would have like just walked away and gone to another theater, but a friend
my friend who was meeting there had bought his tickets online. Yeah. In advance. And it
actually wasn't too terrible until like the last half hour of the movie or so when it
just became pretty uncomfortable. When it felt like you were watching super bad on your
back porch suddenly suddenly this was suddenly this is walk the line and
you're you're living in the the south all of a sudden sitting on the porch
watching a movie it's 104 degrees and no cold ice tea to cool me off yeah no
sweet tea no sweet tea speaking of tea have you had this bubble tea stuff it's
That's disgusting.
It's completely disgusting.
Yeah.
Well, what is the point?
Yeah.
Hey, here's a great idea.
We'll put flavor tea, but then we'll put this goo at the bottom of it, because flavor
tea isn't enough.
Let's put something to make that, let's put something at it to make you sick to your
stomach.
Yeah.
Big balls of tapioca.
Yeah.
And that's the thing.
I went out with some friends and they were like, oh, you got to try this bubble tea.
It's fantastic.
And so I bought some and I was just like, are you guys serious about this?
you know
it actually happened on the full day i would have thought they were pregnant
where are these areas of yours who are these aware of first of all where you
getting bubble tea on statin island
it wasn't on that island of the Manhattan
lemon tree
lemon tree
bubble tea
yeah come by your lemon tree got a panini machine
can't you picture are uh... the uh...
arthur kills dump
uh... forty years from now
with just huge mountains of panini machines
from when that when that has gone the way of the dodo
uh...
when it has that
the meaning of i think the panini experience has definitely peaked
people got over that it was just like one of the things we just blew up
suddenly we just everywhere
and then you know that you went from what you know
not knowing what it was until it's so just being completely ubiquitous
other thing the thing that people miss is that they're not very good
uh...
no they're not
you know that i mean what i think it's fine but you know are they better than
now
any other bread
not and i was meant to smoosh sandwich
well i didn't call them flat sandwiches
smoosh sandwiches
i wouldn't eat that
and i don't
If you don't, you're a fuse, you've never ever tried to sneak me out.
Exactly.
Mmm.
You have good for you.
I'm good for you.
Get off my phone.
Why did I do that?
What a nice guy.
FMU, you're on the air.
It's Samir in Florida.
Hey, Samir.
How are you?
I'm doing okay.
Thanks.
How about you?
Doing great.
Sounds like it.
Thank you.
Um, yeah, I've got a couple of things about movies to chime in on.
Let's hear it.
I haven't asked you what are you laughing at now, Mike?
Panini, wow, you caught up pretty quickly.
Sorry, Samir.
Sorry, he'll hear this in a few minutes.
Say something to him, and then we'll hear him laugh later.
Mike, you should watch Control, because we were talking about it the other day.
That's the Joy Division movie?
The Athron Corbin Joy Division flick.
Can you, can you believe that, um, speaking of super bad, that guy's directing super
bad too?
No, I can't believe it.
It's called super bad too, ready to party.
I can't believe it.
Anton Corbin, that's the guy they get.
Yes, I think it's going to be a lot of people who liked the original super bad might be
a bit disappointed by it.
I think so.
Yeah, like, well, the black and white.
Like, and I'm saying white, but it's interesting.
Mike's having a park...
What is it now you're laughing at?
It's mush sandwiches.
He just got that.
Uh, he'll probably get control in a minute.
The thing is, he'll laugh at this now, us talking about him.
It's, it's a show just for Mike.
It is a show for Mike.
All right, he's out there.
So, what, what, what do you got movie-wise, Samir?
All right, well, the caller just now was asking about run fat boy run.
Yes.
And I saw that over the weekend because I'm a big.
No, I didn't.
I was kind of disappointed by it.
You were?
Yeah, I'm a really big Simon Tech fan for a long time.
I really enjoyed the TV show.
He was on space.
I don't know if you've seen that.
It's amazing.
It's my favorite television program ever.
Really?
Yeah.
It's your favorite television program ever more even more than celebrity apprentice
More than celebrity to catch a predator
Even more than celebrity spaced
space and the movies that he and Edgar write that high-ish hope for this and it's just a very
sort of run-of-the-mill sort of romantic comedy, which you know doesn't really have any think that interesting. It's not that funny and
I know we've never thought of David Schwimmer as a director, but it was very it was very just kind of
boringly put together and you know, I'm just used to seeing Simon Pegg doing stuff with Edgar, right?
Yes, he almost earned his writing thought now and those guys have such a good chemistry and had guys really good eye for shots and interesting effects and everything.
Yes, he does.
And David's right. It was just very standard. It wasn't even that it was necessarily bad. It was just very workman-like.
Didn't do it for you.
Didn't do it for me.
So, that'll look next time.
You'll get him next time, champ.
I hope he does because I do like that kid. Thanks, Amir
I told you have a good week. I'll do it back there. Oh, bye. Thanks
13 minutes to go
The
Black
Chaulies
Riding my name on your fresh grower's edge
Cast a lot of shadows down
The hour shall turn, the rest of the storm
Lock and roll around and open your mind
We'll be with the way
I'm gonna be with the way
One of my kisses gonna lie in strong wishes
Let us from cast the way it's built with the time
Yes, we love the shadows of the light
The evil shadows of the past and it's down
After one wave, opening your mind
It's breakin' in the time
Tambourines is free, never seen that
The family couldn't lose far from trees like this
But it's never the end of it
You love me now
You think it's my dream
You think it's my dream
It's by the end, it's our end
We'll be with the way
I'll be with the way
2, 1, 5, 3, 6, 9, 3, 6, 8, 9 minutes, 4 of which will be filled by a song which means
five minutes to call 201. Five, three, six. Nine, three, six, eight.
Mook it happen. Let's mook it happen. Let's do it.
just heard the black hollies not the black
collies somebody on the chat more than I was called the
if the black collies I'd be a good name for ban though
can you imagine how cool a black collie would be like a meat like a like a
sinister
we heard the autumn chateau from their new album casting shadows on the earnest
jenning label and we're calls a 201 5 3 6 9 3 6 8 home stretch last four
4 minutes, 4, 3, 3 minutes, 3 minutes, 3 minutes, 201, 5, 3, 6, 9, 3, 6, 8.
Let's do it.
Let's do this.
I'm going to put here on the chat, which seems to be the one way I can talk to people
in real time, three minutes left, open phone, oh there's a call, Mike is screening it, Mike
like a screening
fm here you're on the air
yet is this
this is a jackson oakland
Ajax in Oakland. What can I do for you tonight? Oh?
We thought I'm moving back to the future to yeah, you remember that remember that one sure it was pretty bad
what
You like it back to the future to yeah
Yeah, of course. I like it. Okay
Well, it was made in 85. Yeah, they went ahead 30 years into the future. Yeah, which is almost now
uh-huh and I couldn't help but compare how not amazing now was compared to how
they thought now with now I know why didn't they actually show us why didn't
they actually show us the now that they knew was going to happen you know why
because maybe that wouldn't be fun get off my phone got complain about back to
the future to FM you you're on the air hi Tom this is Jeffrey Nashville how are
you Jeffrey? Oh, pretty good. Pretty good. I was the one that, uh, thought he said the
black collies. That'd be a good name for a band though, right? I think so. Yeah. My
mom actually raises his collies, so. Are there any black collies? There are black
collies. They don't have white collars though. I'm talking about pitch black. Oh, I don't
know. Maybe, uh, maybe mutant black collies that might happen, but not often. Me like
If somebody starts breeding weird collies, right?
Yeah, that would be great.
I would definitely want a black collie.
I'm one of those little girly dogs.
Wouldn't it be cool if your mom's at a dog's show, right?
Evening.
And what is the name of her prized dog?
Airborne.
Airborne.
Yeah.
Like spelled H-E-I-R though.
uh... not like it not like the uh... the cold and flu stuff you put in a
glass of water
no no no i heard there was a lawsuit with that stuff though
something about false claims
is there
i don't know
find out
but then i'll send a pack of black collies crash the dog show
thick black mains of hair
and uh...
went into the crowd
started uh... into the club like the ladies there
led by led by dog mile
but the only non-coli in the entire thing
do you think that dog mo could uh...
control the wild pack of black collage dog mo would be respected
dog mo would be like babe
like that
taking the city right
well i don't like that
you talk about my dog that way
how dare you
Get off my phone, call my dog a pig.
Remember, Tom.
Remember, Tom.
Remember.
sunrise doesn't last all morning Tom sunrise doesn't last all morning remember
Tom all things must pass remember remember that all things must pass
Remember all things must pass, remember all things must pass, remember Tom, all things
must pass, remember, remember
Clap loose, doesn't last for me
Soon as my love is up but I've left you in the morning
It's all always gonna be this way
Only the sky
All things must pass away
Since I've done last for the evening
I can blow those clouds away
I know it's my love is a man but believe it's not a way it's gonna be this great
All things must be
All things must be
My life strings can't lie
So I must blow my wings
Place another game at the door
Cause I'll be safe at night time
In the morning it will play
We'll fade away
Big light is good at arriving at the right time
It's always gonna be this great
One thing inside
All things must pass away
All things must pass away
This is KFJC Los Altos Hills.
I'm ready when you are small change
Yes, no, maybe so
My on the <E.D.> now
I wonder if I am.
I don't know.
to pay and feature that's
OooooOM
Oh
Hi Mike, Am I still in the air can you go downstairs and tell small change I'm ready.
All things must pass.
Holy moly.
I can't wait.
Oh
Tell me something good
But a bit of a don't bomb tell me that you like me. Hey, but a bit of a don't
Fill in it with silence
Maintaining the transmission
Keep running it go when
When is this over
When will this end
never it's gonna do us all night all night think of another song I can sing
Oh
Yeah
All right, oh man, he's playing jeepers creepers
Can someone call me at 201
209, 936, no, 201, 200, 9368, just let me know what's going on.
Maybe I'm not, maybe I'm not on the air, maybe I'm dead, maybe I died already.
What if that happened?
He's like a horror movie.
Ghost
What's that?
FMU
Yeah, what are you listening on the radio?
you just hear silence and ending it all right buddy thanks if you put on put on
Can you put that on, Mike?
You click that knob on the wall
You