Is it my turn? Is it my turn? Yes? Hello? People of America? Hello? My turn? Not ready yet. I don't know what to do.
If I play a record or something, all right, this is WFMU, what is it?
WFMU East Orange WXHD Mount Hope worldwide on the worldwide web at WFMU.org.
This is the best show coming up, next, special installment, a lot of fun stuff planned, time
I'll move with you momentarily.
MUSIC
S radio show, ever.
Hey, who's this?
Oh, well, I'm in British Wales, Governor of Alabama.
Hi, it's, uh, Gerald Carminer.
Tom Sharpling, Governor of Party.
Hey, Tom, it's Purple Turf.
Hey, Tom, it's Mark Michaels.
This is Richard Carden.
What's your name?
Barring. Barring. And well, what's inside the two?
Firecrite. Maurice Kurtz. Horrifying.
Hey, Thomas Bruce.
Tommy! Who's this?
Genji Vitis.
Genji Vitis.
Yes, they have Rick Filoni at the wall. I guess who would.
I hate you.
It's Peter.
Hey, it's Steinberg.
Mm-hmm.
You are creepy, and I'm hanging upon you.
Boing.
Roger Douglas.
My name is Ollie Fairnock.
I'll say it. You'll hear it.
You'll do it. I'll get it. You'll learn it.
I'll live with it, and you'll die without it.
Mash or trash.
There's a policy call.
Good day.
What's up, Tom?
It's Tristan.
Hey, it's Michelle.
Yeah, Tom.
This is Jim Riffle.
How you doing?
When I get to do the toilet talk now.
The vaudeville of the new century.
My name is Tom Riley.
I'm calling from New Zealand.
Hey, man, it's Brian.
Hey, don't stand with us.
It's a tent pole.
It's a tent pole show.
Hey, this is Tedlia.
What?
This is Pete from the Future.
Hi, Tom.
It's DJ Terry T.
Hey, from Knoxville.
Supercallers.
Off to Tom.
My name is Mike Sajak.
Get off my phone, I don't care.
Hey, this is it, be panned, man.
I'm going to go to bed now, five minutes.
Hey, Tom, it's Gordon.
Hey, Gordon, how are you?
I was in a band in the early 90s.
My name's Jerry Page.
Tom, my name is Jeffrey Ludell.
It's a fat disease wilder right now, isn't it?
The disenfranchised have a home now.
I'm the hero of the disenfranchised.
It's really bad, ain't it right, yeah
You shut your mouth, cause it's time for the time, yeah
Don't you have value to the best show?
Don't you have value to the best show?
If I tell you that I'm in the past y'all
I'm telling you that I'm in the past y'all
I'm telling you that I'm in the past y'all
You
I'm not gonna lie, I'm not gonna lie
Love is good, but I just don't know what I am
And it just gets old
When I make love to you, when I make love, love to you
Love it too, but I just don't know how It wasn't a love you saw
I need you girl can't say goodbye
Come on over here and love me now
what's wrong?
you know you know
you know
you know
You know
you know
you know
Never trust your soul
Need you girl, good thing I'll be
I got to go out to know, if it's real
I can't stop, I'm fine, but you move it around
Put me back my heart along and gain you
I'm on my phone, I'm on my phone
I'm on my phone, I'm on my phone
All right, I'm out of all right.
OK.
Jesus Christ, man of rice,
One famous song from both God,
The name is gone,
On to H.D. Wells.
O, Chiman, from the dead,
Henry, Lucid, John, Will's fruit,
Then the legs and the king,
Rehomell.
And each one there
one thing shared. They have sweated beneath the same sun. Loved up in wonder in the same
more. And who at what it was all done have been done too soon, been done too
The storm
We are now going to be in the world
We are now going to be in the world
So
Oh
All you found is another factor And no one sees the reason for
At the heart of the traveling band You have to understand this is driving me
And the joke is when you won't kiss
But he was so good and the joke is when you won't kiss
But he was so good and the joke is when you won't kiss
Hey you, you've been around for a while
If you and that you were wrong, they wouldn't let them wear right
Hey you, come along for you right
We'll hit the money, shift to the debtors all night
And the joke is when you won't kiss
But he was coming to come to this
And the joke is when you won't kiss
But he was coming to come to this
Hey, you, we've been around for a while
If you'll admit that you were wrong
Then we'll admit that we're right
Take the heart of a childish man
You'll never understand that all they know
Is a yellow line, yes
And the joke is when he won't kiss
But he was totally joking
And the joke is when he won't kiss
But he was totally joking
And the joke is when he won't kiss
But he was totally joking
Can't you kiss when you walk in?
Why is it coming to come to kiss?
Super, true, bad beams are gonna blind me
But I won't feel blue
Like I always do
Cause somewhere in the crowd there
We're sick and tired of everything
When I called you last night from Glasgow
All I'd do is sleep and sleep and sleep
Wishing every show was the last show
So we met a lot of respect to keep it coming
Suddenly I feel right
And suddenly I'm scared
And it's gone at me so different
When I'm on the stage tonight
And I can see the bird, true bird lights are gonna find me
Shine in like the sun
Smiling heaven short
Feeling like a number one
And I can see the bird, true bird beams are gonna blind me
But I won't feel true
Like I always do
Well, somewhere in the crowd, there's two
Cracing 20,000 of your friends
How can anyone be so lonely?
Whatever success that never ends
Feel nothing in the past, you know I'm late
Where I'm always free, I think I'm going crazy
But it's gotta be alright
So we're taking everything
Everything will be so different
When I want this place to arrive
If I get super, super
Lights are gonna find me
Shining like the sun
Smiling heavy and strong
Feeling like a number one
Life is super, super
Things are gonna grind me
But I won't feel too
Like I always do
But somebody in the crowd best you
So I began when you were right
The sight of you were cruel to me
I'm still alive and when you take me in your arms
In a whole new life
I know it's gonna mean so much to you tonight
Like the super, super lights are gonna find me
Chiling like the sun
Smile in heaven, child
Feel like a number one
To life is too bad to purgings of what I need
But I won't fear you
Like I always do
Summer in the crowd, there's too much to wear
My friends are gonna find me
Shining like the sun
Smiling, having fun
Feeling like I'm not too far too far
Things are gonna find me
But I'm on
FMU, you're on the air
Hey, how you doing?
Oh, I'm doing alright
What's up with Swiss cheese there, brother?
Swiss cheese, you don't like it. It's got those holes in it. Why?
I know, but yeah, well didn't you write on my wavelength there brother switch cheese with the holes man
What but what makes it Swiss? I mean, yeah, I got Swiss chocolate
You got the Swiss Alps which I love to ski on if I you know, I don't have money to do what Jerry Seinfeld
That off my phone is not a stand-up forum
I do it as act
You got Swiss chocolate
You got the Swiss Alps
What about Swiss cheese?
FMU you're on the air.
We're in a region for the top show
There isn't any debate
Don't wait for the future for the top show
Double U F F U
The best show
Double U F F U
The best show
Double U F F U
The best show
I have you
I don't want to do this <E.D.>
But I must, this is not optional.
I must go forward and do the whole on too.
The line's already flashing.
Who is that, Mike?
The inevitable?
What is it?
The Grim Reaper?
This is a brother.
Time is it?
Okay, yeah, eight, eight, twenty-three.
All right.
What time we in here, eleven?
That's a long ways away.
I could be home watching Fringe.
Isn't that show star tonight?
Fringe.
Oh, I wish I could DVR that, but I forgot, hint, all right, let's just do this, let's
just do it, what am I messing around for, what am I messing around for, let's just do it,
right?
It's not rude canal. It's not torture. Just do it. Just do this thing. Let's just do it.
Let's move forward and do this. Now I feel good. Now I'm ready. Now I'm ready. Whatever
tonight brings me, I'm ready for it. I'm going to have a lot of fun tonight here. That's
One thing I don't do enough here. I don't have fun with it, right?
It's got fun
Just cut loose and have fun FM you you're on the air
There it goes and there the fun is flying away come back fun
How did you leave me but then 30 seconds although admittedly I was doing set up which was pretty much like
that might not fly on the Alice, that level of setup, actually on the
Jefferson's, the doorman used to do things like that. I'm scared of needles,
there's no way I ever give blood, impossible, I just can't do it. And then
George Jefferson would say, I'll give you $100, then the doorman would say, they
making drain me blind. That's kind of what I just did there. With Spike being the notion
of getting a, uh, needle. How are you tonight Spike? I'm fine. I mean, I don't give blood
so you don't have to worry about that. Okay. You don't do that? Nah. You don't do. Charitable
I do charitable acts. That's not just one of them.
This is a lay interesting line of inquiry. Tell me about one of your charitable acts.
Oh, I do give to the Salvation Army and, you know, help different homeless organizations.
No, you know, give is when you leave something for them, not when you take something.
I leave, I give them money, yes.
You give money to the Salvation Army?
Yes.
I know the, you know, organizations, like what other organizations might a spike by what
organization out there might open an envelope and see a generous check written from Spike
sent to them.
Oh, it's organization.
Okay.
Homeless organization.
All right.
Very nice.
You know, so you are a you're a charitable man.
Yes.
Do you tie?
I don't think so.
Do you tie?
Do you tithe?
Do I give to the church?
Yeah, 10% of your earnings do give to charity.
No, I'm not.
What?
No.
That's what Mike does.
He was bragging all about that.
Then I found out some of the things he considers charities.
You should see some of these.
He considers tunes on Washington Avenue with charity.
Would I have a restaurant or a bar or something?
It's a record store.
Remember those?
Oh, yeah, Mike said he was donating to the pharaoh Sanders fund.
I think he's shopless from Tunes.
Attention, Tunes employees.
When you see Mike in there, check his bag.
His bag is lined with a thing that doesn't set off the detectors.
Do you still have that bag, Mike?
Mike has no idea what I'm talking about. It's like, oh, yeah, yeah, I do.
So Spike, it is September 9th, 2008.
Yes.
The election is two months away. The election for President of the United States of America.
That's right.
How is a Spike feeling on this early September afternoon evening?
evening. Oh, I just pray for rockets and yes. I can't take the the scene now old man and
a housewife. Yeah, those housewives. Especially this one. Oh, so you just you actually do
hate all housewives and this but this one more than most. Yeah, she's irritating. She
You don't think she's cool?
No.
You don't think she's hilarious?
No.
Look, I think she's exciting.
I'm not amused by her and I'm not impressed.
I think she's a fresh face in the political landscape and I, for one, am excited that somebody
knew would possibly be one heartbeat away from the president.
We'd meet her two months before the election.
i don't think there's anything wrong with the idea that this person would
fall out of the sky
uh... and be the uh... running mate of the oldest president in history
he could have picked somebody more
experience why didn't he just pick
barack obama
he's competing against barack obama but what if he picked him he wouldn't be
no that's true
why didn't they pick each other
Right?
That would have been interesting.
You know, kind of like an alliance, like on Survivor.
Right?
Yeah, something like that, yeah.
Why didn't they do that?
You picked me, I'll pick you.
You did that back in school.
I did that in school.
You picked me, I'll pick you.
When you're trying to get a lab partner.
Right.
That would have been interesting.
You should have done that.
But it didn't come out.
What was that?
Hold on.
What was that in the bed?
somebody screaming for help? No, I don't know what that was. You know what the
what your apartment makes weird sounds. What do you what do you live in Monster
House? No, I live in 1313 Mockingbird Lane. Please do not give your address out
over the radio. Is that your really your address? No, of course not. Okay, I know
that that's from uh is that from the monsters yes it's a good show I haven't
seen that in a while
that was back when shows were good it is back when shows were it's before color
television and before reality shows yes wait that wasn't a reality show no
it said calm really you sure about that I thought that was one of the first
reality shows now the monsters now which one of the monsters was your favorite
oh let's say grandpa grandpa monster mm-hmm I always liked that lowest so yeah
he was good but I can't I don't like desperate housewives now that's a
reality show I can do without desperate housewives is not a reality show it
<E.D.> they okay that made no sense get a heave hoe heave hoe oh the music that we
heard tonight that's right obba the title track from the super trooper
album
classic for that Sloan hot stuff money city maniacs no one can go
wrong with the Sloan greatest hits album A sides win. Nobody. Do you have that album Mike?
Do you like it? Mike likes it. Neil Diamond hot August night gone to a done too soon.
The song where he names everyone from history.
Man starting us off. From an amazing collection. A Square. The story of Michigan's legendary
A Square Records. The MC5. The marijuana cigarette 5. Borderline. Good stuff.
201, 209, 9368, is the number 201, 209, 9368.
Is there open phone Tuesday tonight? No!
But if you're willing to call in the pre-topic portion of the show,
you might be able to survive
at 30 seconds to see what you've got.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hello, I have some Mickey Dolan's gossip.
I'm sorry, some Mickey Dolan's gossip. Hey, Mickey Mickey Dolan. Stop the clock. This guy's got Mickey Dolan's gossip
Uh, so friend of mine
Allegedly allegedly this is allegedly a friend of mine as a writer for the Staten Island advent. Yes
Um first of all, what is he what is he doing? What is your name young man? Oh, my name is Tim. Sorry Tim
Okay, Tim. Where are you calling from? Staten Island from Staten Island. What part of Staten Island? What's Brighton?
I don't know where that is. Is it near Sedudos?
No, it's by the adversary.
The near the lemon tree.
Yeah, it's on the other side.
There we go, lemon tree, get a nice haircut?
No, you know what? I tend to not get here, cuts very often.
Then you go over to Jim Hanley's?
I do go to Jim Hanley's.
You like it there? Good store, quality store.
It's a good store, I got good people there.
Yeah, they are good guys.
Yeah, I like them a lot.
like them a lot good people good comic book folk hard yeah they're hardy also
the earth comic book folk exactly yeah but just that now and slobs just trying to
get by yeah are we all well you're not well I'm not I don't know from
Staten Island no I'm a slob just trying to get by yeah I think Jersey and Staten
Island see eye to eye even though we don't want to exactly it's like it's
kind of like the enemy mind
totally
it's exactly what we've got a team up
yeah we've got a we've got a uh... what do you got what do you got enough
enough
sorry i was being a little
on a good mood tonight
what
uh... i'm on a bit of a losing streak
i don't think so
i mean unless it's in your personal life oh it's it's okay it's complete
personal life
Okay, I go to Atlantic City for this work function, right?
Go to Atlantic City for this work function. I could not win a nickel there. I'm playing the the the the Star Wars slot machine
Getting my clock cleaned on this thing, right?
And I'm good at slot machines. Don't get me wrong. I'm good at slot machines. I
Get my clock cleaned on this thing. You're your pro your pro. I'm good. I'm good at him. Yeah
Then, they have this thing called the wheel, or something like that, whatever it's called,
able to bet on something that, on one of those boardwalk things, to put money on the
line instead of, instead of me or, you know, you're trying to win more money rather than
win an iPod.
i got you
or i have large
character some sort of so i'm on this thing
i cannot get a rhythm i'm telling you there was this guy running it this guy
because the guy spins the wheel
and you you put your you put your little chips down on the thing i go there
is just a this is a goof for me when i go to love not looking to uh...
put food on the table with my winnings
you have a limit
by our you know couple hundred bucks
i've never been myself okay i'm looking to just goof around
fair enough but i'm not looking to get rid of my money they're not looking to
hand it over
now of course not so i'm on this thing right
and put it on the way and i finally win a couple times
get a little bit of a rhythm going
and there's this guy
this guy looked like uh...
he looked like uh... like uh... pugsley atoms
crossed with uh...
cross uh... pugsley atoms crossed with uh... uh...
so somebody big who somebody big
uh...
i want to say lurch but i feel like i'm just eight of being that
now this guy this guy looked like pugsley atoms all grown up if pugsley
atoms
was six foot five
okay
and they were going to look i look just like that
they would rotate this guy into the wheel.
This guy was the worst luck.
First of all, the guy grabbed the wheel like a caveman
and spun it like he was trying to fly away.
Like he was trying to start a motorcycle or a lawn mower.
It's like, oh, you gotta do it.
You gotta do it with finesse.
Yeah, he's turning that thing.
First of all, you have to wait five minutes
for this stupid thing to stop spinning
because this buffoon spins it so hard
I couldn't win a cent with this guy
the worst
then I have a business phone call at the same time
usually don't talk about business over the air
I've bombed so hard on this call
so hard
I've never bombed this hard after working for three weeks on something
a straight-out
flop
disaster call
And then, I have yet to win, I have not won one game of air hockey in a week.
Wow, and you're good at air hockey.
I'm great at air hockey.
I'm good at slob machines.
I'm great at air hockey.
You know what we should play, because I'm not very good and you can kind of like start
off.
No, no, I only play the best.
Oh, okay.
I'm not going down to the minors.
You don't want to do that, just to kind of build yourself back up right here a little
bit.
So I cannot win.
I cannot win.
so i'm losing streak and i think it's going to carry over into tonight's show
uh... i think you're going to do okay
all you think i'm going to do okay
i think you always do you don't know if you don't know the winner i think the
week before the
if i don't know if you didn't have a mickey dolan story you would have been
heave hoed for that
i think i had to do well probably tell your story
okay you're on you're on thin ice i'm not
but i'm not crazy but you're too
i've been trying to get me to give me the wrong side of statin island with
that too
i'm very sorry i'm not doing the show from highland boulevard
does not statin island
you're standing out
you're calling jersey city
be tried to be a gentleman okay
okay i go i'm very sorry go forth with your story
realizing that you're on thin ice
i am very very much aware uh... so i
my friend work right for the statin i want to advance
and uh... i guess
david jones is doing a concert in town or something i'm starting island
i don't know i haven't heard the details of it uh... the article actually comes
out on thursday
but uh...
he was interviewing david jones
and he would apparently talking a bit of smack about uh... micky dolins
they are apparently not friendly
and uh...
he said that apparently micky dolins doesn't buy first-class tickets
but expects an upgrade like kind of demands it
because he's micky dole and
really
it seemed like a ridiculous
premise to me
but i don't see why david jones would just make that up so micky dole's goes
and micky dole's for example is flying continental
he goes on the uh... plane
it with it with his uh... coach ticket
and then what's he going uh...
what's going on you dirty rat
moving up to first class
totally i bet that's the way he does it i would imagine that would be the way
that's the way i would do it if i was in micky dolan
uh... david jones is going to be performing at the st george theater on
statin island
get ready people of statin island
well i gotta get taken the least talented monkey is on his way
and just remember
how talentless a couple of those monkeys are
wait you really think that
with the last town to the micky dolan
yeah look i i i i micky dolons is in the hate pit and david jones isn't
but make you don't at least that trip over the the better monkey songs then uh...
then uh... david jones
that's true
you're right
uh...
just interesting to hear you
break it down that way
i'm glad that you're uh... your rage doesn't blind you
my rage does not blind me from reading the talent uh... and lack of talent of
the monkeys
with the most talented monkey mike nesmith
yeah i thought so
I don't want to tie you up too long. Who do you think it was going to be? What was I thought of it? All right. Goodbye
you vote
FM you you're on the air
Yeah, I have a call about the world domination project
What's that? I have a call about the best show world domination stop the clock this guy wants to talk about the world
Best show world domination project world domination scheme
Yes phase one
Well, what I would like to propose is a best show blitz were on the same day
all the listeners and everybody who loves the show agree to talk it up and
you know whatever media or blogs or online forums they have access to but I
wanted to know what day we should pick I think that should be through decision
best show blitz
show blitz that you're talking about yes let's pick a day I mean your birthday
or maybe dog mose birthday
i'm doing it on my birthday
look at some of these david jones tour dates
holy
he did a show uh... uh... in uh...
august
uh...
oh i'm sorry
okay so uh...
yeah we'll pick a day that's a good idea young man i appreciate you put in
that fourth
no problem i look forward to reading on that that the friend of tom quorum
and what it what is your name again uh... sir
my name is jason
uh... i live in bookland but i'm calling for manhattan right now are you on the
message board by any chance to uh...
i am yeah i i i i go under my full name uh... to adjacent road to avoid
all that jason the moderate
i'd like to have a lot of the board i have a very talented has a very talented
playwright
well you've you've got every time it's very uh... very talented
all the fact i mean i you know
you should have announced yourself i would not have been so curt with you
uh... i don't know you know i don't want to like to show it's really alright you
put yourself
yet but uh... you know i'm uh... i'm uh... i'm a huge fan and you've given me much
joy sir
all your speech yet jason i appreciate all your support and uh... in
participation
and we will
overcome evil
i think i do my best to show us for the good news
what's up this shows for the good guys
yes it absolutely is and that's what i was
joe lunch pail
Guy just worked. You know what, think of this show.
Well, that's okay. Look, I'll let you go. You have a good night. Thanks, Jason.
Okay.
Let's slow down a little bit there, Jason.
The way I look at this show, you get these people, they work 8, 10, 12 hours a day.
The worst jobs imaginable, their lives are a living nightmare and this show, if it can
give anybody a little bit of comfort from the horror house that is their existence.
Then I have done my part.
If this is a little oasis in the desert of your day to day life, then so be it.
Actually I'm taking that from, that's like a Paul Stanley thing.
He does that a lot.
come to kiss shows, they're having the worst time and if we can do an hour and a half to
take them away from the drudgery their everyday life, then we've done our job.
Hey, you know, thanks for calling my life drudgery.
You know what seems like drudgery to me, playing that's only 10,000 years for 10,000 years.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey Tom.
Hey, who's this?
This is Dave from Knoxville.
Stop the clock.
Dave from Knoxville, Powercall, or how are you tonight?
I am great.
Great to talk to you.
Well, it's great to talk to you.
It was a thrill to hear Jason Groat.
Yes.
appearance
i'm a little
they usually speaks with the uh... with the that type writer
little curious about his suggestion of either your birthday your dog most
birthday
that sounds familiar to me
but uh... he's great guy
great guy
he's doing good hey i've got an idea for the best show
world domination phase one let's hear it let's hear it
uh...
i'm going to focus on the southeastern part of the united states okay
we gotta make you safe
for the southeastern part of the united states if we want
best show popularity to rise up
together
have a couple of suggestions
you ready
oh i'm definitely ready
all right first off
we've got it
for the south only
we've got it we've got to drop the link
from the name
Okay, you know what we got to do?
I think that's a good idea.
The relative to that idea would be,
and look, I know you're from Knoxville.
Yes.
Which is in...
Kentucky.
No, it's Tennessee, yeah.
Tennessee, okay, that's right.
Can you, would you be willing,
if we made like a little flyer or something,
would you be willing to hype up the show
at clan rallies absolutely like mention it feel like I could get the word out
quick because I go twice a week I'm not saying you look I don't think you go
yeah okay but you know where they are sure you can't turn a corner yeah they're
downtown down in the square right right the mayor sure well I think you're gonna
we're thinking here Tom you know why we got to drop the laying out of your
name. Why is that? People in the southeast are going to think you Chinese. And they're
going to no time for that. I'm not saying, you know, it's just misconceptions are common
down here. More power to the people of China. So you think about dropping the link, then
we got sharp, right? Yeah. We need to pull the sea out of sharp. Because people down
here they see you see in sharp yeah yeah yeah they're gonna think you're part of
al-qaeda wow oh so that how it is down there that how it is down there oh that's
how it is down here it's lazy it's that's lazy that's mental slumsiness what's
that you know Tom's a little bit of a problem but you'd be well you know you
you got your Matthew mark Luke John those are great uh-huh Tom's generally
gonna be associated down here with Catholics now I don't know if you're
aware of it but the the Kennedy Nixon election yes Nick Nixon got 99% of the
vote in Tennessee yeah cuz they don't like them Catholics down here and when
they hear Tom for some reason Tom Thomas St. Thomas it all goes together see but
Now here's the really revolution is too heavy. This is too heavy for me. But keep going. Okay. Here's the really
I think this is a revolutionary possibility that can work not only in my region. Yeah, yeah, yeah
we
We'd like to
Subcontract your show in this way
I'd like to take a transcript of the show each week and
Southern to fight
So, you know, we'll remove, well, for one thing, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the ABBA box.
Yeah.
Or we'll replace that with a journey box.
Big and rich.
Big and rich.
Yeah.
Looks and done.
Uh-huh.
We...
Do you know that guy Cowboy Troy?
I don't know.
Mike is always bragging about how he met him.
I don't think I've ever even heard of him.
What does he do?
He's, like, associated with Big and Rich.
He's, like, the, their...
he calls him say a hick hop artist
i was either we man
he is i think he is you mean there whatever that guy's name is
yeah uh... from mike's always brag mike says he met him at an arby's
and he still talks about it still talks about it
he is like a signed rapper
that he got signed, but there's like
grease stains all over it.
So you can't even read the signature.
You're seeing chewing on it.
Cause those will hold the flavor for a long time.
I have never seen him.
Maybe that's why the things all,
maybe it's saliva not grease.
You know what?
This is what I'm gonna say to the people of the South.
You take me as I am.
You take me as I am.
You don't like the work for work
I'm rolling. I'm going to tell you right now. Look out south. Best show's coming. We're going to roll in. We're going to take over.
I'm down here doing reconnaissance. Best show style. You let me know what I can do.
Clan rallies. Go to the Clan rallies and tell everybody about this funny show.
I'm going to be the posters and I'll have them up next week.
Dave from Knoxville. Thank you so much for your power caller. You've earned it.
Onward FM you're on the air. Yes, even though I agree with you
Regarding the drudgery of performing
The song a hundred thousand years. I just want to tell you that the song live in concert did serve its purpose
The song did serve its purpose. Absolutely. Yeah, what was its purpose live? It allowed because of the drum solo. It allowed me time to
Get serviced
who am i talking to who do you think it is
uh...
is it who i think it is i think you know who it is
is a gin simons of the god of thunder himself yes
well how are you doing host
i'm doing okay how are you tonight i'm good but i i just want to throw that
out there i also want to throw out that uh... you will be sued for what you
said
for for saying what that you know you defamed up uh... paul stanley and the
band kiss
and the trade market and the brand kiss
Wow, you're really you're gonna go after me absolutely. Yes, but you have to admit when when Paul and you have done it
Also, yes say to people that they are
They that you are a little bit of a break in that like the the no
You described their life like they like these people are just like worthless slobs
Most are yes who have nothing going for them and then kiss don't yes, and then kiss is this
this
this one light boat
this one that's a life boat okay
in in in in their disaster of a life absolutely yes it's it's almost like
uh... have you seen the film Titanic
i have it's almost like you know how at the very end of the of of the film
you know the boat goes down
and basically it's just
a sea of humanity in in in the sea uh... that's quite ironic isn't it
but i just said that
and i guess it was ironic yet anyway
it's almost like
you can almost see
the big
kiss uh...
letters and lights
that we play in front of
going going through the water
and then
clinging to the lights
for two hours and then of course they fall away and they died there
pitiful death but
they had those two hours
so that's what it that's what you look at kiss as absolutely yes for those
what do you see it as host
uh... well my name's tom first of all
uh... what do i see kiss as
uh... honestly
oh please be honest yes
i see it is kind of uh...
i mean look when you guys got back together and in the nineties yet the
makeup on oh yes at the clown paint
wait what do you think
clown paint
what what is claire white that that actual
name of the uh...
what would you just what would you describe that as uh... war paint
uh... love paint also
yes it is it's war paint during the show and then of course afterwards when
those
my session start
it becomes love the
uh... yes i don't like
that even a little bit you love it though
i don't yet i can feel you all you're so
he was i think it's sick but it's a bit of the more wrong
you couldn't be more wrong you're calling yourself i am not i don't think
i'm saying that so
anyway
i look at the way you guys i i look at kisses being something that
meant a lot
to a lot of children
in the seventies
and then as adults they got to see it in the nineties again
and then it kind of stopped
it served its purpose
from that point on they sought once and then it just was the
the uh... the law of diminishing returns from that point on
how on earth could you say that
have you seen lately
i have not
well you know who's in the band now
it's it's the best lineup ever it's not it's not
you wanted the best yeah and you got the best
gene
poll
tommy and eric
yes
tommy and eric oh yeah people i think think of it as uh...
peter and ache
who's that you don't remember those names of vaguely peter chris
or to peter he would be before uh...
uh...
vinny vincent
the drummer peter chris
the big memories yet so he was the drummer first of all okay
and yes he was before vinny vincent that sounds right
and who is it eric is the other guy yet
yeah he was eric singer
yet that man
the cat well no well he was predated by ace freely
rings a bell also
yeah possibly uh-huh yes
hey got so much money i have my wallet
you've done this before um... yeah but today's a different day
ten thousand dollars hang on
nineteen hundred
no twenty hundreds okay twenty hundreds
couple check for a couple to check out
check for two million dollars
brockham
a check for two million yeah
why what what was that's what i should ask you why uh... merch
merge what what kind of merge uh... t-shirts uh...
panties
uh... we have a whole lady's line of lingerie is lingerie
No, when you get these checks or these things,
they're not coming from actual sales of things.
They're coming from people taking
their initial flyer on kiss.
Does that matter?
Well, no, I'm just saying that no one
who actually wants this stuff,
you manage to hoodwink a lot of people
into thinking that's going to be successful
and I'm sure they lose their shirts.
Host, do you have a check for $2 million in your wallet?
twenty one hundred
i think i don't now
so i think i think i'm vindicated on that
you you know it is a little bit that's all if that's all you're interested in
then yes you are vindicated what else is there to be interested in
the five love-making
have you seen me do it though
stop
okay stop
okay
best of luck with your show
uh... thank you and i want you
yes to do something for me well what's that mister simmons
i want to rock and roll all night and what
party every day that's right yes
play it again
and i'm not going to come on
you say it you're the you're the one who made it famous i want to rock and roll
all night
and i also want to party every day
or tonight
tonight who wouldn't but
well what you're you're you're really convey a sense of just
cutting loose and having fun absolutely well that's because i'm smoking a cigar
right now with my feet propped up
is that how you party
at my age yet
what
you don't judge me you know why how do you get that outfit on what though
you know in the past it used to take us two hours to put our makeup on yeah
now it takes three hours to put the uh... tights on okay yeah
and keep letting them out and i guess i guess it
lens and new uh... meaning to the to the word tights
uh... absolutely good one
uh...
also thank you i'm assuming again though
yes multiple suits
you're going to sue me for a little while on what grounds what uh...
uh... defamation
uh... you said it takes three hours
to put the stuff on and i can say that you can't okay well i why why because i'm
living your fantasy you i this is not a
you are not living my fantasy
would you say you are not living my fantasy you're what
fantasy fantasy font ok good by it
fantasy thank you
or a good night host thank you mr. Simmons
well jean simmons checking in
it's exciting
fm you you're on the air
hello tom is julie from Cincinnati quality caller
quality caller
wait no julie
from Cincinnati
how are you naturally
very good how are you doing okay
how's your dog
i just walked her to the bar in back but on the way i thought to see the family
of people that was down the street and are kind of scary because
a few weeks ago a few people came calling on yet and i thought that's where they
came from but it wasn't
okay
anyway i'm not really entry point into that statement
Um, well you asked about me yet. I wanted to tell you, I took her to call on the people that I thought called on her, but I took her to the wrong house.
To call on? What is this?
Yeah, like 19th century elegantly, like saying hello.
Yes.
Going to the, yeah.
It's very exciting. It's like the Magnificent Ambersons.
Yeah!
yeah and just this tragic um Tom yes I've got a serious question for you though
I'm ready can I talk to Spike on your radio show yes call next time you hear
him on the line calling right away and then I will I will pair you up with him
you know what the trouble is though what's that well it's not that I want to talk
to him, but one of fought wants to talk to him, wants me to talk to him, and at like
eight o'clock sometimes I'm home, sometimes I'm not home, and he always calls right away.
Well, what am I supposed to do? What do you want me to do?
No, you're not supposed to do anything, but if he calls and asks to call for me, I call
back and talk to him.
Well, I wanted to send him a message right now, say something to Spike.
Please call. I would really love to talk to you, but I'm lying, Tom. I wouldn't love to do it.
Evo. Make me put up with that. It's got her own show going on. Her own weird show. Everybody's got their own show going on.
Mike does his own show out there. Julie's doing her own show, Spike's doing his show.
people in the chatter doing their own show so we want show this show best show
FM you're on the air hey it's Matt from New Orleans Matt from New Orleans how
are you tonight I'm doing very well how are you doing okay are you excited to
have made it through this terrifying incident yes I am and that's actually
sort of the reason why i'm calling
uh...
just got back in town on saturday and over the past month
i've been i hear a lot about
the best show in the blogosphere
and uh...
and i don't know what so i
the blogosphere the blogosphere
yeah it's it's on the internet
now let me just say before i forget i was just trying to say is before i got
uh... interrupted when i was trying to talk about these david jones that
tour dates
back in uh... in uh... august he played the uh...
chumash
casino
insanta ines california and then says underneath private event
what's it don't list it then
yeah why would you put that on why would you talk to people of santa ines
the david jones fans now
oh if only we could get in
that's a private event at the chumash casino
Now that you mentioned I'm a little jealous that I did not get an invite to
that private event.
That would have been exciting.
David Jones.
It definitely would have.
That letter that says, Davey Jones, invites you to the Chumash Casino
for a private event, private event.
Half of his shows are probably private events, just because nobody buys tickets.
Yeah, definitely.
Hey, Davey, good show tonight.
i didn't know it was a private event
it wasn't
do you think he does day dream believer of the shows
what do you think the odds
the david jones does day dream believer
well yeah
oh it's like
um...
well i was calling to uh... i want to thank you and i want them for uh...
for this wonderful show i'd like i said i heard about it but i'm
don't want to go to one and i can and i uh... downloaded the podcast all right
welcome
and i had i had six of them all stored up and uh... i finally got a chance to
listen to them as i was
sitting in traffic on the way out of new orland
and on the way back to new orland and i might travel
and uh... six shows i mean they were all
spectacular
and they were they were very
very good even the one you know
i think each man did a great job i uh... you know i like the the call is i
i mean it was
it was very wonderful so i'm very happy that i was my i've been open to uh...
to the genius of of the best show uh... it's it's it's it's my uh... pleasure to
have you on board i'm looking over at itunes right now
the top audio are you
but where what how
where does it rank because i i mean i'd like a number sixteen right now
number sixteen
and what what some of stuff i'm like a fairly i mean i i'd do my fair share
I'm sick to my stomach when I see the bugle, the audio newspaper for a visual, whatever.
I see the Christian comedy podcast, WMR's Preston and Steve, Gay Pimpin with Johnny
McGovern.
These are all ahead of me.
What is the story with that one?
I mean I've heard of the bugle and I've listened to it and it's really not that good,
but Gay Pimpin, what's the premise of that?
seems kind of self-explanatory i guess i was about the pimpin
more power to uh...
press didn't steve
to johnny mcgovern
all these great people
the fine folks behind the christian comedy podcast
but so i would like to i would like to say i think i'm doing my part as far as
the world domination because every place that i uh...
you know crescendo couch or anything or visit my friend i won their i-tune
And I subscribe them just sign them up. I just I just signed them up
I mean, you know what though. Maybe they'll maybe they'll be as lucky as I am at some day who wouldn't appreciate a guest like you
Well, thank you very much. I'm messing up their computer
Not gonna heave hoe you just that conversation has reached its end
Hey, man, I'm gonna stay two more days
And i'm gonna subscribe you up
The things that you don't want.
I
to the best buy today, because I had to return some computer speakers that were the worst
computer speakers I've ever owned. And I saw, I pretty much saw today in front of me, I
So a Best Buy employee ruined a child's life.
As a kid, must have been two at the oldest, guys online,
doing a return.
And this other Best Buy employee comes over.
The guys online, he's got his little kid with him.
little kids he's standing there and the woman comes over and she's like like the
kids hiding behind the father as every kid does when a weird adult giant adult
comes up to them so this woman starts going you're a cry baby you're a cry
baby because the kid looked scared so she's calling the kid a cry baby she she
said it 35 times you're a cry baby like getting right in the kid's face then
Then she picked the kid up.
No joke.
She picked the kid up and held the kid
at the weirdest angle possible.
It's like a waterboarding angle.
She held the kid and all she needed was a wet cloth.
Started waterboarding at two year old.
This kid, like of course,
I wanted to start crying for this kid.
Then she's like putting her face up into the kid's face.
You're a cry baby.
And like smiling, smiling.
And then she turns and looks at me and I don't know what to do because I'm not gonna yell
at her.
So because the father's right there, if anybody's gonna yell, it's the father, the father
is a little too caught up in returning his Xbox 360.
So she sees me, I do one of those like, like, strained grins, just to like, because I had
no idea what to do.
I give one of those strange grins, so then, this is what she does.
She looks to the kid who's freaking out now, holding him at this weird angle, and she goes,
he's laughing at you.
He's like, I'm not laughing at you.
laughing at you not laughing at the kid I so this kid's probably gonna be ruined
now I saw it he's laughing at you there's a worst thing I ever heard and heard in
my life he's laughing at you if that kid's out there if you're listening young
man. I'm not laughing at you. I'm with you. It's terrible. Poor child. You're a cry baby.
All right, let's put a topic on the table.
Here at WFMU, East Orange, WXHD, Manhole, World Wide and the World Wide Web at WFMU.org.
This is the best show on WFMU.
My name is Tom Sharpling.
I'm here with you until 11 p.m.
Eastern Standard Time on this fine Tuesday evening, Tuesday 9, 9, 8.
Tonight's topic.
Think about it like the scales of justice.
On one side, it's the things you do know about.
On the other side, it's the things you're not sure about.
Tonight's topic. I'm not sure about it.
201-209-9368.
I'm not sure about it. Call up right now.
Okay, that's not the topic.
Tonight's topic, it's called I Can't Know Everything.
What are the things that fall into that category for you?
I can't know everything.
That's a topic, 201, 209, 9368.
I can't know everything.
That's not the topic either.
Tonight's topic, you've been given a shrink ray.
You can aim it at any one person.
Who do you aim that trick right at? 201-209-9368
That's not the topic
Gotta get off this losing streak
The skid, I'm on the skid
Atlantic City
This is a job I was up for
Air hockey, I can't win
I can't win
I'm on a losing streak
Nobody's buying what I'm selling
Also last week do you remember that guy a trembling eagle called about the the ultimate fighting league
He was like yeah less people die
Doing that than anything else and then like I saw some some ultimate. I gotta I gotta search this some ultimate fighting dude died I
I think he died out of, uh, I think he died out of the, out of the ring of some weird,
ultimate fighting.
I got no time for that.
So I went to the movies and saw Hamlet too.
And as I'm at the theater, it was a kid rock, like you know, it's nice to get to the movies
early, right?
You like to get there nice and early.
Be able to sit down, not have to worry about anything, not rushing in while the movie's
playing.
You know what though?
There's a middle ground there, not getting there too early.
Because what happens when you get there too early?
You don't watch all the exciting trailers for fun upcoming movies.
You watch commercials that are so bad that they won't air on television because they're
four and a half minutes long.
One of the things I saw was this Kid Rock thing for the National Guard.
It's Kid Rock doing this song Warrior, which, uh, so basically they show Kid Rock like
rocking out with his band of dirtbags who would never cut it in the National Guard.
And Intercut throughout this thing is, is, is what?
Oh, that's right, NASCAR footage, NASCAR.
So it's showing Kid Rock rocking out in front of like, in front of like the National Guard.
I gotta find this thing.
It's just commercial online.
This is the worst thing I've ever seen.
It's gotta be on YouTube.
It's Kid Rock rocking out and then it's like Dale Earnhardt has like his dumb stock car
or whatever that thing is driving around the track.
So it's like, what am I supposed to, it's like, what is the message you're sending
there?
Hey, I want to go in the National Guard.
Yeah, hey, I want to you know what I want to do in the National Guard. I want to drive that car
What what what the vision of the National Guard do I sign up for where I get to drive a NASCAR car around the track?
Oh, no nothing. Oh, I don't I don't there is nothing that where that is
I'm able to do that.
I'm watching it right now on YouTube.
This kid rock puts on his hat and his guitar,
and then they show Dale Earnhardt,
put on his little helmet.
And then it just shows guys,
there's one moment in the thing which is horrifying.
It shows these National Guards guys
like in like some foreign country
with like a weird foreign little kid.
Like it's just like, don't worry what country these kids are from.
They're just foreign, okay?
It's everything shot with a yellow tint because it's desertish.
It's just overseas somewhere.
It's not here.
And like the kid kicks a soccer ball and rolls into the street
and like this jeep is coming forward.
And then like the kids got this look in his eyes like,
like he's fully expecting to be machine-gunned
because his soccer ball rolled in front of the Jeep. And then this National Guardsman
gets down from the Jeep and kicks the soccer ball. It's like, hey, I'm just like you kids.
Don't worry kids. Not gonna machine gun you. And the Kid Rock has his music pumping out.
What exactly? What branch of the armed forces did Kid Rock serve in? And it's like, you know what?
look you're in the military more power to you whatever you you're doing what
you're doing and kid but a kid rock like guys like that'll be like hey man I go
play these uso shows so what's that me oh big that doesn't it's not the same
that kid rock goes and flies flies over there and then plays in front of like
people who are trapped for entertainment, and then he gets to also drive around in tanks.
That is still not serving in the armed forces.
Sick, this guy, putting his music in this Dale Earnhardt, showing the race cars for
the National Guard.
makes more messages together. Kid Rock. That creepy facial hair would never cut it in the
in the National Guard. Some guy shows up with that dumb hat on that dumb that dumb hat because
he's going bald. And it's him rocking out in front of the troops like playing guitar. Yeah.
sick thumbs down kid rock and that's all that guy is responsible for maybe the
worst song I've ever heard in my life it's like his hit his most recent hit where
it's like it starts off it's like he's got the sample of of a werewolves of
And it's him like doing like that.
Bad singing rapping over like that, about the summer kind of
having fun in the summer.
Okay Sweet Home Alabama.
And where wolves of London, and then this dimwit, sing wrapping over the top, who wants
that?
Does it, does it, does it, it answers the topic, tonight's topic.
Does the world need this really?
Does the world need this, 201-209-9368?
What is there where you just want to, where you say, honestly, does the world need this
fm you you're on the air pull mr. Lee from Cincinnati is it is this Julie from
Cincinnati really yeah I'm sorry yeah the second topic you throughout I had a
great idea about it but I forget what it is but hello yes yes yes yeah this
topic this kid rock song does the world need this I work with this girl hey I am
Some embarrassed to say she played on Miley's, okay I like her so I go in her car a lot
and I've gotten two field trips to go into the city to buy baseball tickets and she plays
Miley Cyrus in her car and first of all it's horrible that I kind of like it but the other
thing she plays is Kid Rock, that song you're talking about.
The worst song you've ever heard right?
i don't know if it's the worst but it's it's on my list of things i never want
to hear
and yeah it's hard
he's ho
woman can express herself
she didn't even uh... she didn't she didn't curse you she
i don't want to use uh... i don't even want to use signifiers for curses
this is a uh...
the family show
this is who you have to pay this something for all the colors this is who
you picture sitting there listening
a ten-year-old boy
a thirteen-year-old girl
and nineteen-year-old uh...
uh... nerd
boy or girl male or female you take your pick
twenty-five-year-old professional
actually strike that one. A homeowner strike that one too. Let's just stick with
these, is it? There's who you pictures listening. 13 year old boy, 19 year old
boy, 39 year old boy, 59 year old boy, 69 year old boy. That's who's listening.
FM, you're on the air. Hi, Tom. Hi, who's this? Lori from Miami. How are you tonight? I'm
okay. You're doing okay. I'm trying to come off this losing streak. Oh, I feel like I'm
going to bring a song. You're always a winner. I feel like one of those bumps. I feel like
I'm living out like I'm, this is jungle land or something. So, you're not doing so great.
I'm losing streak.
Awwww.
You can tear around.
Trying.
Trying.
You know, I visualize something.
I don't know.
Did I get that from the secret?
The secret.
What's that?
You know what it is.
I don't know what that is.
It's at Oprah.
Well, this is old.
Let's not talk about it.
Move on.
This is 2008.
Yes.
Talk about hip stuff here. Oh
Well, let's talk about the movie first, you know what I've preferred
I preferred the marine commercial where the guy was fighting a dragon
Is sure it's not a fire monster
Fire monster probably
They haven't said that a while
maybe too many people were joining up and asking when they were going to fight the
fire monsters or all the fire monsters are dead and it's false advertising you
know what I think you just hit it on the head thank you um oh so I have a
slogan use let's hear it for the domination scheme what the best show
we're taking over like that or it could just be we're taking over yeah if you
prefer it that way I like over that show taken over yeah then it makes it
sound like the shows from Boston or something bash out taken over so you know
then I don't like you and Boston even more they take me as I am I'm not gonna
pretend to be from okay and I also have a contribution for the topic let's
hear it okay did you watch any MTV VMAs I watched a good portion of it then I
shut it off in a in a a rage with it when Jordan sparks
it insinuated that i didn't make it that far okay well
i don't know if you're aware of this but he basically called
everyone who has premarital sex they
and i don't want to say this on the air but it's a term for a promiscuous
person
really and she did it was she chose the
where she's an empty v she chose to answer that i think i don't think that
the pax
you take that stuff to pack
yeah i know i'm on the show like a family operation club or something
mike by the way
reneged on his promise to get me on the seven hundred club
but that he was working out with pat robertson
he did not work promising
mike does not wear a promise ring
uh... then i guess he's uh...
well you know
if you know i don't need a lot closer to uh... jimmy swaggered
then uh...
and uh... and uh... the jones brothers
yes
it's so i i don't need her death in me
mike just said he's footloose and fancy free
but you know what jones parks is terrible why would anybody care what
Why did they even invite her? She looks like she was wearing her junior prom dress.
What cruise ship is she going to be singing on three years from now?
The carnival fantasy.
She's living in a fantasy world that she thinks anyone cares about her opinion.
That is true.
Oh Laurie, what am I going to do without you on the line 10 seconds from now?
Okay.
You have a good night.
FMU you're on the air hello hello hi hi who's this it's DJ Terry T the host of
the cherry blossom clinic yes that's correct which can be heard every
Saturday from three to six p.m. eastern standard time that is correct on WFMU
dot org right exactly you know i'm actually gonna
have a live band this week really who are you gonna have on
Uh, give her that great, all-girl, rocking man, the Friggs?
Yes.
Were you upset when they broke up?
I am. I'm still trying to, uh, get over it, and hopefully, I'm gonna tell you right now,
I'll let you, and since it's a station thing, I'm gonna work on getting them back together,
and have them, uh, do a reunion.
Really?
Yup.
Well, you know what? I guess that very thought has made it happen, because they are reuniting.
Where?
They're gonna be playing on my show.
What?
Yes.
When?
this saturday this saturday the frigs are getting back together on your show
yes
i'm going to tell people right now that is a must listen
and then they're also playing at the knitting factory the tuesday following
like not not tonight but that's competition for me i'm not i'm not going
to endorse that show
i will full-on endorse listening to them on the radio
on uh saturday from three to six p.m. eastern standard time
cherry blossom clinic
but you're going to torpedo their reunions and i'm going on the actual
live show okay
you know what those archives people can go to the live show as long as they
listen to the archive
on the reason why i'm calling is to you you were talking about the kid rock
uh... national guard yes your video song and you were wondering
why kid rock
that would anyway be associated with promoting
are you know serving in the armed forces yeah
that's because he plays the u.s.o.
he does his u.s.o. so he's so he's basically equal
he's like seeing combat he almost probably thinks of himself as better than a
soldier
i come over and i were
yeah these soldiers i rock the soldiers
yeah what i'm telling you literally i think he thinks because he does he
does his part
in the u.s.o. and singing to the soldiers that he's like on par
these troops actual solar that
uh... i'm glad people
i'm glad people go over and enter and the troops
good for them
but i'm telling you these troops
if i went over there
if this is what went over there would be me
mike
uh... spike
uh... stevie blue
uh... if we went over there and started doing a thing for the troops
they would
go bananas cheering us
uh... because it's
it's anything
because someone showed up
all well you know here like it all said it's like i think it's like
you could open up that you know how true
if all of a sudden he came out
would that be a great month actually maybe we should do that would you go
over with me mike
mike is saying he will go so we got me and mike i got to get stevie blue
and spike
and uh... but you don't think that he could maybe discipline the troops
yet your boot camp
tungent boot camp you know yeah
i've got my dungeon set up
and our troops
that would be
and then we bring james of the good be called like
the best show uh...
calvacate of freaks
hosted by tom and mike
featuring James, Spike, Stevie Blue, Julie from Cincinnati.
Wow.
Just bring everybody over.
We've got to bring women in too, because you know, it's...
Exactly.
Julie from Cincinnati, James, have everybody there.
They'd be going nuts.
Yeah, they would.
That might truly test the troops' limit of what passes as entertainment.
All of a sudden, James is up there.
James is up there, he's like, so then the next time I did it, I called in and I said
I saw a superhero movie and I was pregnant and I went, you got James and his troops
are like, troops are like, what was this guy, you don't even know what he's talking about,
who did he do, what did he do, James the troops, yes he would James, hey troops, how's everybody
doing tonight uh...
and i got a lot planned for a lot of fun you got james and then he runs
off stage
well all right well that you got it that sounds like a fantastic plan
i think you've got to do your your
your pitch
i think not only the country but for the
the the the the boys and girls are out there
protecting us yes
well thank you dj terry t thank you
i want to let you know
this saturday
not optional three to six p.m. eastern standard time cherry blossom clinic
the reunion of the freaks
live on the radio
you're right thank you
you have a good night
i think
fm you you're on the air
it on this is me from st. Paul
how are you
uh... doing all right i actually listened to the podcast uh...
last week and i realized you wanted me to call in with an update on how the rnc
is
kind of tearing my uh...
apart
but how how was that
it was uh... a massive headache for pretty much everybody involved
i mean st paul isn't the most conservative pound in the first place i think
having everything have you have to be rerouted around the uh... excel center
well technically the excel center is in downtown st paul and nobody really goes
there normally
after five p m for most reasons that
since i live a couple blocks away was just a hassle and
also the the whole police presence was just massively weird and you know walking
down the street
just seeing these people who were basically just in full-on riot gear on
every block it was completely bizarre
yeah
expecting to happen i mean what the how were the protest how what was the biggest
protest uh... account headcount wise
Actually there was a protest that was something like 10,000 people that came
down from the state Capitol and tried to head to the Excel Center and were cut
off and there are some people like self-proclaimed anarchists who broke a
few windows and then got tear gassed. It was just a big mess.
So, okay. All right. That could count for the topic. I guess, you know, the RNC,
do we really need this but I actually was calling about a this commercial I'm
not sure if it really runs anymore but it was ubiquitous a few months ago okay
McDonald's started offering like cappuccino or something like that like
these you know pseudo fancy coffee drinks and to advertise them they had the
series of commercials where these there are these two pseudo hip guys but you
and tell they are like ordinary guys and they're sitting in a coffee house and
one of them
hey i heard the mcdonalds have kept you know now
oh we don't have to drink at this pretentious coffee house anymore
we can talk about football
and you know i forget like all the other things that they said because like the
second time i saw the commercial just muted on site
but
oh we don't have to pretend to be smart anymore we can just have coffee
mcdonalds instead
one of these
knobby establishment like starbucks trust me any starbucks i've ever been in
that is not exactly the algonquin round table
going on in there
it's you it's usually five people with uh...
bluetooth up in their ear having conversations about how the garage door
openers broken
their house but yeah
yeah
they're not present again
yeah go down to the base of the garage
you gotta get the two lights to look at each other got us they gotta see
each other
otherwise the things i can shut
and then you have my head like one guy there who's on a laptop working on his
blog and that's it
you're lucky that actually
that actually you're you're you're that's rare fight air you get some guy
writing a blog at that the starbucks i see
so yeah and you know what first of all i'm gonna go i'm gonna go drink coffee and
mcdonald's first of all i'm sure it's eighty percent milk
you go there
they probably it's probably uh... oh
Hey, can I have some coffee with this milk?
And then, also, I'm gonna get this thing
and it's probably gonna smell like a quarter pounder.
I'm drinking coffee.
The cups are kept four inches away from the grill
where they're gonna taste like a filet of fish sandwich.
Yeah, I'd like a cappuccino and all those apple pies, please.
Yeah, is this special sauce in my cappuccino?
Ew.
Just picture that, like layer of special sauce
floating to the top
your cappuccino
uh... that the cinnamon flavor but yeah
cinnamon and special sauce
it is great that mcdonald's is trying to get a piece of uh...
something that's dying now the uh...
the gourmet coffee explosion
great time to get in on that two thousand eight right when nobody's got
money for anything
and good luck with that i guess it you know maybe it'll go better than that
did they attempt to sell burritos at some point
what hasn't mcdonald's attempted
hot dogs are the only things they haven't sold yet
i think i was like hot dog to make like maybe the one of the few things that could
actually get right
however isn't it amazing the mcdonald's has not gotten the hot dog
on the menu
that that makes no sense
probably just too messy cuz everybody i went really shine mine
he was where's the mcsellor crowd
alright well thank
oh thank you nate
fm you you're on the air
all right this is part of the laurie side
great finally the return
of the amazing tyler from the laurie side how are you tonight
all great great uh... coming for the topic about uh... do we really need this
yeah what it what is it uh...
shampoo
uh... uh... no no it's hard
how about the star spangled banner
i mean one thing it's boring it finally militaristic and to no one ever knows
the words to it what would do what would you want to be the national anthem of
america well what should be our new national anthem
tyler
uh... i don't know uh... last night
yeah last night yet
maps
map
uh... i don't know if i could get someone like uh... rosanne bar really
I'm going to show you. I'm good. The Pope smokes dope.
Oh, he vote.
FM, you're on the air. Hey, Tom. It's, uh, it's Mike from Brooklyn.
I love it. That's the guy with the voice. Stentoria.
Very cool. You could, you could, you,
I'll tell you, if we were on one of those fairies in Dark Knight,
your voice, we'd do whatever you said. That would be like
Uh, uh, Tiny, what's his name?
Tiny Tim?
Uh, yeah, I know what you're talking about.
Uh, I've got a...
What was a Joker thinking with that, by the way?
What's that?
What was a Joker thinking with that?
Yeah, that was sort of a half-brained plot.
Yeah, that's when people were kind of like,
uh, I think I've had enough of Dark Knight.
It's kind of like that part of dark and I was like, yeah, the truck flipped, went down
the street, blew up the hospital, I've got it done with dark night.
Don't worry, there's another half hour to come with Harvey Dent running around.
Look, I like dark night a lot.
These shoots are down a limo.
This is as equally as exciting as a truck, so my truck flipping over.
yeah i would have i would have cut a little bit out of dark night though
would trim did
you know i would have you know who i would have i would have uh... increased
the amount of screen time that eric robert scott
i feel he was an untapped character
i think it's pretty convincing that they would like a generic mobster
they draw me out the window cholley
cholley
but i don't like uh... when you got dropped from the uh... firescape
yes i was very exciting
and by the way when i saw that national guard commercial uh... on the movies
the other thing they did they they kept ramming a truck down down uh... everybody's
throat
that you know yeah that you'll chuck
like they had an interview
a truck
the guy from chuk is going to talk to christian slater
from my own worst enemy
well there's a
completely natural conversation that these two guys would have been just
having any way that the
hey we're just gonna throw the cameras on this thing
catch these two guys
these two guys could not have wanted to be there less
asking each other questions
so tell me about uh...
chuk
it's like
tell me about check
like uh...
christian slater
christian slater could care less about chuk
i didn't even argue the tv show now
he's got a new show called my own worst enemy
great song not so good uh... tv show
so uh... go ahead uh... young man from brooklyn
yeah i've got i've got sort of a two-way time for uh...
for the topic
uh... one is uh...
uh... the metallic a youtube channel
they have anything
so metallic has a you what are they doing like put it people putting up
videos
Yeah, their fans can reinterpret their songs.
Can they make a good?
Is that possible?
Can they reinterpret them?
So they're not awful?
Right.
Look, Metallica, I never have been on board with that.
Because first of all, heavy metal, that's children's music.
When you're 16, it's time to put the, you know,
it's time to put you put, when you're 16,
you put your night brace away, put your heavy
metal records away
time to move on
the whole wide world out there waiting for you
i don't want to know anybody who's uh... listening to uh...
i don't want to know anybody who's listening to the stuff ironically
which is like
this deal record is
is a dumbest thing i ever heard
but i don't want to know somebody's just like
planes metallic or like this
first i was like four of them
they only made like four albums in their entire career
right
is it what's that and it is like seven songs on each one
well
how much you can listen to that and they do it now they do now every nine years
i get here some of this new metallic
the worst
the only good thing those guys did was that movie
Yeah, I actually, I wholeheartedly agree with that.
I love that movie.
That was a great movie.
It is.
I like that guy Phil, the band counselor.
Right, yeah.
Phil Powell.
The best thing in that is when Phil is sort of asked to leave.
When he's got plans to move his family to the Bay Area.
Yeah, when he's going to try to join the camp.
Yeah.
Trying to get on board with those guys.
Nobody wants it, Phil.
mike is a big fan of lars's dad
the uh... tennis playing gnome
uh...
that was weird
uh... not to divert but the other uh... my other entry was uh...
the new season entourage
because i watch that i can't
can not watch it i cannot watch it either
i'll watch i'll watch everything i'll watch entourage until they say
guess what
we're not making any more on we're not making any more entourage is
i will keep watching it and i will watch every time i watch it i'm like this the
worst thing
is the worst thing going
but i keep watching and i will i will gladly
i would i would push people in into traffic
to get to a television to watch that thing
well i knew i would i was hooked when
uh... there was one year where they were coming on after the sopranos
and it was a weird like dichotomy of uh... because it was like cool down it was
like
it was like
i think i was this thing where it's like
the season for like the series finale of the sopranos
and the series for the and the season finale of entourage
sopranos ends uh... everybody's still trying to figure that out
no sudden
forty-five seconds later it's like i'm what i'm watching uh... johnny drama
argue uh... you can't get a uh...
at dvd player in his escalate
Hey bro, I think we switched cell phones.
Yeah.
Hey, I can't get any service here in the valley.
Hey bro, hey baby bro.
Successful call from you.
Oh, thank you, Tom.
Top notch, as always.
Have a good night, young man.
You too.
201, 209, 9368.
The topic is, does the world really need this?
What started it off?
i don't know
what did started off
kid rock thing
kid rock things that i think so
fm you you're on the air
how's it going on
alvaro and glenn mils pia
uh... what's your name again has alvaro
alvaro
how are things in glenn mils p a tonight
they're all right
they're there they're better cuz uh... you're playing tonight
Thank you, I am playing.
Yes, you are.
It's going pretty good.
Yeah.
You've played all my favorite songs.
I've got one for the topic.
Let's hear it, Alvaro.
OK, so I was watching PVU while I eat, because I watched PVU while I eat,
and when I'm eating alone.
And I can't eat alone.
I eat alone, don't do this.
You know that song in the Georgia, that I eat alone?
No, no, I don't.
Yeah, with nobody else.
Yeah, because when I eat alone, I prefer to be by myself.
A little different.
I drink alone, a little more menacing than I eat alone.
Right, right.
Preeping sadness to I eat alone.
You don't seem as cool.
Where's the fanciest place you've eaten alone?
Fanciest place I've eaten alone.
The place where you're like, maybe I
shouldn't be in here eating alone.
That happened to me before.
I haven't eaten recently.
When you were there with your book or your magazine,
Yeah, I went there.
I went to finish a comic I was working on.
And it was Bonefish Ale,
and I assumed it was like a Ruby Tuesdays.
And then like they brought me the menu
and I was like, oh, I made a mistake.
Yeah.
But I wasn't about to leave once I had already sat down.
Not good for you.
You didn't see them, you got to leave.
Your money's good.
Yeah, I ordered a small plate of calamari.
And then you, that's all you were waiting for.
you were got out of their pocket
but the waitress definitely had me back to give me dirty what's the whole time
which she care
my money is as good as i want to make sure i did one thing you've got to care about
that my column are taught
and i got a lot of life
what's that
became my cable twice yet you bring me a lot more lemon you make sure there's
uh... plenty of women for this thing
and the column are you not that good
what do you have for the topic of young man
so i'm watching i'm watching
uh... watching commercials and uh... i thought it was
uh... that
dame cook movie
that came out a little while good luck check
no it's a new one
it's a new one
the plot is pretty much the same i think it
that the best friend girlfriend yes
and his name is
tank
that
uh... try to don't worry dane cook uh... haters it will be over a very soon
that we are in the we are in the the the wind down now
yeah i think i think
although i don't know employee of the month and uh... waiting
serving
now i think that's that's ryan reynolds was in that it was dane cook
had enough
i could i got mad i get was named cookin waiting
he might have been
and no any malanakis was in that
fm you you're on the air
a time from chicago
tom from chicago what part of chicago
i live in logan square north west side
okay now i'm going to assume that that's a fancy part of chicago
logan square it's fancy though
i live in an ivory tower
all right i don't like where i i want what do you got for me uh... hot shot
but actually it deals it deals with my neighborhood i don't know if i want to
do your butler dial it
recently my neighborhood a like high-end uh... clothing boutique open yeah
right next to an abandoned warehouse
and like that
eighty-year-old
western where store and all i could think was
do we really need
a place
so certain people can go and buy
baby buggies that kind of look like model t's because they think it looks
cool
and just dilapidated part of town
maybe maybe we might want to uh...
fix the sidewalks
before we put in the uh...
high-end baby clothing
or deal with any of the drive-by shooting
Yeah, let's sort that out.
Let's sort out the deaths in the neighborhood and the murders
before we sort out the high-end baby clothing shortage.
Well, you need to make sure that all the babies with faux-hocks
can get their ironic t-shirts.
You know, when they go to their play groups
if they don't have quite the right shirt,
they're going to be ostracized.
Yeah, by the other parents, the kids don't care.
The kids don't care at all.
The kids not like complaining because you've got a stroke shirt on and that's like three
years too late.
Yeah.
Exactly.
The kids not wearing a my morning jacket shirt.
We do not need that, do we?
No.
You don't.
Thank you.
I'm going to move it along here.
201-209-9368.
That's the number.
And by the way, everybody, you can hit the show up over at our MySpace page is MySpace.com
slash sharpling, S-E-H-A-R-P-L-I-N-G.
the
the
issue of everything going hate
also can go to the friends of themselves state and the vote weather there you know the
may combinatorial election
is up by the people is upon the friends of TIM Nope Buschboard
Friends of tom.com sign up you can vote every day once a day you can vote so many people voting
it's very exciting get in on the action another i think another three weeks to go on the election
friends at tom.com sign up
vote you can also vote on the fab five of jerks
from last week surprising Dustin Diamond on fire on that I don't know
people thought he was as jerky as he apparently is I knew Glenn Beck would
get a lot of votes
that put him over the top Dustin Diamond's adult feature
FM you're on the air. Hey Tom, how are you doing? I'm doing
right. Who's this? This is Thomas from West Orange. West
Orange is 07052. Yes. Sorry about that. It's all right. You
go ahead. What do you got for me, Tom? I think we could do
with our whole foods market
it's just too much uh... and uh...
before they go there anymore i mean
right
those and those uh... healthy alternatives
what do you know i mean that look
i'm all for help but i mean it it it really takes the whole paycheck
don't you think
you have to be strategic at places like that
but you know what you know it's really
about this and you you called it one time you said
you have to deal with
guys that look like course on yet
studying avocados about five minutes
everybody in that place
everybody in that place look like uh...
governor course on
the jackets with the patches on the uh... elbows
and the other thing the first of the speaking of lookalikes
down in atlantic city
uh... i'm pretty sure i could not figure out where it was taking place
there was a uh...
a morbidly obese ricky j
look alike contest
going on down there
i'm not sure where might have been in the convention center
i could not find i saw all the guys down there though
oh no
oh no i'm telling you that it was a it was a way i must have i'm not sure it
maybe it was in one of the ballrooms and one of the casinos
the morbidly obese ricki jay look alike contest
i you know it's crazy how they still use a ballroom
ballroom to do you know to describe you some you don't be it's not yet some
some dumpy uh...
two thousand seat
uh... club called ballroom ballroom like what are they actually trying to do that
give it
some old world-sensitive class there are from another time all that we have
sitting in a plastic chair
exactly you know why is it like it was in the old days why
right exactly for
for a banquet room
that's the other one that kills me
they call certain rooms down there banquet rooms that is true it gets me
furious
that's insane
by a so in the flesh with that
crazy
thanks young man
thank you sir
fm you you're on the air
hi tom how are you i'm doing all right who's this
uh... my name is john and philadelphia john and philadelphia one seven one five
two
no one nine one five two
one nine oh two seven
one nine oh two seven that's right
how are you tonight in philadelphia i'm doing good and just listen to your
show and enjoying it of course good good
something for your topic yes let's hear it
uh... your earlier guest gene simmons has written a book
about the history of prostitution that's right
and the world does not need it back i get the book out before i do
jean simmons
like three
tom zero
in terms of writing books
right and of course the other ones if you're writing about his own band i
guess you know he he had fans that kind of make sense but
writing about you know something like this i understand it yes i'm academic
book on prostitution
it's not it's not that academic apparently because in bold type it says
illustrated
but he's got a he's got a plate to the uh... netwits in his audience
put a few pictures in there
but apparently he thought he was uh...
i want to meet the kiss fan who's still buying everything that kiss puts out
oh yeah and they're there
we go to amazon team guys
yeah read the customer reviews for the for this book it's incredible
like wow what a great gift from my co-worker kiss fan
this book frankly was long overdue
it was over there i i i was waiting for jean simmons to finally do his uh...
his study on the on the history of uh... of prostitution
we all were yes
you know you have a little uh... quality in your voice uh...
a little um...
paul jimani
yes
does what i want to hear you say
say uh...
you're not going to get away with that big mama but say it in like an act like
it like excited
you're not going to get away with that big mama
you sound a lot like paul giomati
i have not been a way with that big mama
i appreciate you telling me that i can work on that a little bit you got to get
a little more of this
in your voice
uh...
the more s h sound this isn't going to work big mama
Thanks Tom.
Have a good night.
Take care.
Philly.
You could probably do that lady in the water thing,
get you pretty far down in Philly.
They still love their M9 Chamalan down there.
The happening is still playing in Philadelphia.
Still can't get a ticket.
FM you, you're on the air.
Hey, how you doing Tom?
I'm doing all right, who's this?
This is Jerry in Boulder, Colorado.
Oh, I just noticed something on this kid rock.
Kid Rock has a blog, apparently.
No good.
That's what it says.
Oh no, Kid Rock does it.
This is just one of his dumb fans writes something on here.
And they're all thanking Kid Rock for going over and rubbing his money
in the face of the hardworking people of the military.
That's what that guy's doing over there.
He's going over there.
He's like talking about how he's a rock star.
true patriot
exactly
the patriot on the back of these uh... these guys
well i got them for the topic here
i heard that uh...
tim Burton is remaking alice in wonderland
great i think it's a great decision
i uh...
hopefully he brings the same uh...
the same elegant touch he brought to the planet the apes franchise
and charlie of the chaga factory of course which he updated so so
peacefully
you know
so uh... that's that's my little you know he doesn't
can somebody tell him that you know he can do one that starts with him too
they don't have to be remakes
of things
he can do he can do something new he would remake star wars
if i'm telling you literally if somebody gave
timbert and a crack at a he'd go
yeah i'll redo star wars
uh... let me let me a johnnie depth will play uh...
but we look skywalker
all weird
it'll play a weird look skywalker
i'll go get that little dude who played all the oompa loompas
to play all the job was
uh... he'll get a uh... hollanda bomb carter to be uh... princess leah
i think you should remake edwards in their hands
who should i should
No, some birdie.
Remake one of his own.
That would be great.
He's got a remake stuff.
He's not a writer.
I just don't think he's a writer.
Starts remaking and he starts like,
I'm going to make it weirder.
Well, you made it once a raid.
It was kind of weird the first time around.
Yeah, yeah.
All right, thanks Tom.
Thank you, young man.
F.M.U. you're on the air.
Hi, Tom, it's Samir and Florida.
Samir and Florida is a top-notch caller.
Thank you.
How you doing?
i'm doing okay tonight how are you
good thanks i would be taken up and do the show's going well after your
you think not having to get a week of time i'm trying to turn it around you
know why
because it's my obligations my commitment
that is the best show on w f m
it's my is my exactly i'm on the hook
i have no choice this is like my is like this is
this is something i can't get out is not optional for me
didn't choose the game the game chose you
something like that
no no delay
what's on your mind samir
all right well
i'd like to suggest something for the topic let's hear it
reality tv but reality tv spin-off shows which become reality tv shows in
their own right
uh... such as
well i mean it
i don't want to be too obvious and go all reality tv terrible
and we don't need it because obviously lots of people watch it so some people
need it
when the reality show and then
the producers think these characters were fantastic everyone wants to see
them begin in their own show
um... new york from the flavor flavor show now has her own show and i think
it's
in its second or third
series or something it's been around for a while
and
i don't follow too closely but i think that one of the guys who was on her show
then got his own show on vh1
yeah so it's all these weird spin-offs for a show for like people
it's like exactly i see what you're saying
we don't know you're right i mean we don't need that
we don't need
right
we don't need to keep seeing what their what their lives are no one's watching
these are out you should have been going man
the show is great except for all the other people except for this one guy or
this one girl
their own series
like all you know who i want to see more
but when i was watching that uh... that uh... flavor of love
when i did watch it
at no point during that was i like
hey i really hope to see more of this new york character
exactly i would really like to i would really like to see uh... to get to know
her more
it's like seven up
it's like a depressing seven up
exactly that but except you don't want to see any of them in seventy it's not
even if it doesn't even have that aspect of the least it's an interesting
theological experiment
they should uh...
they should pair up the they should start pairing up the people from the
shows like bread michaels and
and flavor-flave
i'm sure if they haven't already they will eventually
exactly how i would like that
and that's what i mean it just
you don't no one's crying out for this guy's so interesting that they get their
own show
mike has a show coming out on vh1
but he is interesting called i like mike
i'd like to just see it be about all these tattoos and
the story behind me yeah
i would want to see a show where they handcuff mike to mike francesa
and they just let them run through the uh... swamps
could it be called like mike
plural
you want to know what
i'm going to green light that right now
thank goodness that time thanks a mere
never ever to get up
w f m u e stars w x h d man hope worldwide on what what w f m u dot o r g
this is
The best show on WFMU, my name is Tom Sharpling.
I'm here with you for another hour.
It's almost over.
This is not the worst show I've ever done, is it Mike?
No, it's up there though, right?
It's a good one.
The W?
FMU, you're on the air.
Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba.
Women of New Bridge, as your future mayor, I command you to kneel around me and feed me peanut juice, like them scantily clad compupines used to feed grapes to their masters back in classical music days.
I know who this is.
You'll never get who this is.
I know. I know. All too well.
It is.
It's Philly. It's Roy Zingler.
Yes, it is.
Filly boy Roy. Yeah. How are you? You gonna make me mayor? What? Am I going to make you make it?
Yeah. Well, it's not up to me. The people are voting. I'm ahead though. Let's end it. I can't end it.
Come on. You know I'm gonna win. I don't know you're gonna win. Oh yeah. And when I do win? Yeah.
Guess what I'm gonna do? What? I'm gonna turn this place into a car wash. Turn what into a car wash?
bridge
all really literally
an entire car while i want to make new bridge the world's largest car wash
bottomless
what
what what do you mean what the ladies who do the washing are going to be
bottomless i know i got that i can't wait
uh... well you know let's say the people will speak with their votes
i know they will
hey you watch the uh... the presidential can uh... conventions
i want some some yeah me to a check out a little bit of both of them uh...
did you see when the president talk to you satellite
uh... you know i did not see that
that was really something
was it that was that the uh...
republican national conveyor walker i learned
i learned a lot from that and and the main thing that i learned
it's president bush
did you know that
did i know what do you mean it's president bush
that's his name yes now i i was aware of that i always thought it was president
<E.D.>
but be like b u t
yeah that's why i was so into him because he seemed like a tough guy
like <E.D.> patrick
or <E.D.> from uh... you know little rascal
yeah so that's what you liked about him yeah but that's my problem with the two
candidates we got now
neither of them look like they could beat nobody up
that that's that's the problem
yet you don't like you don't like the fact that either the candidates look
like they could take anybody in a fight well they could maybe beat up one of
them on a like chinese leaders and stuff
okay i don't know if you think that cops at the chinese olympics
they're like kids
i know i didn't you okay yeah that
somebody else i think i think uh...
i've heard that point made by somebody else i really remember who yeah interested
yeah
well you know i'm not into either of these choices i think it was timmy von
Trimble made that point. Oh, he's a decent kid. You like him? Oh, yeah. Even though he's running for a mayor. We share some similar
Ideologies, okay, yeah, would you be willing to make him?
Like vice mayor possibly. Uh-huh. Yeah, we'd have to have a little enclave or a conclave
Some kind of clave. Yes. Okay. Well when you have that clave, well, we'll see. Okay
if you have the chance if you win the election when I do win yes okay I will
all right we'll see we'll see so what do you think of the guys running for
president um well you know I'm I have my my favorite obviously yeah I like a
Barack Obama who cheese yeah well what what what was that well I don't like
neither of them you don't like either guy and is that because of the the the
beating up thing
well the one guy you know for the obvious reasons
uh... we don't need to get into that though and which guy is that obama
you said i didn't
no but you said for the obvious reasons what are the obvious
let's get on to the other guy mcclaine
for starters i thought he was the guy from the ww f
mccman
yet that mccman yet no it's always going to vote for him uh-huh
so you're into it when you thought it was the head of the ww f
absolutely but i found out a little more about him
you know
you realize that you realize it wasn't him
but what what turned you off but do we really want a guy who couldn't even
fly his plane right to be president
that's a big president for the future don't it
i'm i'm i'm kind of lost in terms of what what in terms of not flying his
plane right he got captured
yes
yeah he got captured
and how does that time to not fly his plane right he got he couldn't fly his
plane right so we got he i guess he crashed landed
uh-huh in vietcon
yeah in vietnam and then they can then those little those guys do
they grab you
yeah
they can then little guys grab you quick a little good little but you know he's
making a big production about health out there he had it uh-huh he didn't have
it that bad
or what what
if you see it like five
plus years he was in captivity
well i mean
he was a he was a and a hilton property for those five years
he will put what
who was a john mccain yeah
you mean the hanoi hilton
yeah they called it right
you know he's it's no that would not literally
that was a that was a nickname that they gave the the where they were he was
being held at the hotel he was there it wasn't a hotel
Why do they call it that because it's like a it's a play on words, okay?
Because I was all jealous because I've only been to a Hilton once. Mm-hmm. Yeah, what when was that?
Well, it was when I followed Nancy Wilson back to her her hotel after hard play the spectrum on the baby
Lestrange tour. Uh-huh. Yeah, sadly, we did not end up interfacing that night. Uh-huh didn't happen
No, did you think it was going to happen? Oh, yeah, well, you know as she was making her way through the lobby
I kept screaming, Nancy! Nancy over here! You've got to look over here!
Uh-huh. And did she turn around and look?
Well, I'll tell you, she must have been deaf from the show, you know, how loud it is up on stage with all the amplifiers and stuff.
Sure, sure, yeah.
So she couldn't hear me even though I was only like two feet away from her?
Uh-huh.
Yeah. But I'll tell you, if she had turned around and seen me,
Yeah.
She would have dropped everything to be with me.
But she didn't.
You know why?
Why?
Well for starters I wore my best cut offs in tube socks.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, no shirt.
Oh, so, all right, well that's a, that's a pretty exciting visual image.
It's you just cut off shorts and tube socks.
Yeah.
No shirt.
Oh no.
This was packed because it was November.
It was November.
Yeah, but I've been working out.
I wanted to show her my stuff.
Yeah, and you have a baseball hat on.
Oh yeah, and a football helmet.
of old football helmet over the baseball cap i want to show her my
feeling pride
and it didn't it uh... some shock that didn't it didn't work yet
but you know it also didn't work what's the fact that i was holding up my car
hood for her to see
size of it
fact you were holding up your car
i don't know what that means well you know my car would i picked up i
took it off my car
because i had painted a huge picture her and me doing it
on the car but i thought i don't know how to see it that's discussed i knew
would turn around stop it
was stopped no stop
well i end up getting thrown out of hotel yeah there there's a shocker a guy
you're a shirtless guy walk around
holding it at wearing a football helmet with a baseball cap underneath it
holding it at the hood of a car
with some obscene uh painting on it well the hoods what got me into trouble
yeah because i was dragging it through the lobby and they just laid this new
uh-huh
and I kind of screwed it up.
Yeah, you kind of dug up all the tile.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, but getting back to the presidential race.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
I do have a soft spot for Joe Biden.
Joe Biden.
Who's that?
Uh, the vice president.
No, Joe Biden.
Oh,
crack a newspaper much.
It don't sound like you do.
Joe Biden.
Yeah, that's his name.
It's not his name.
It's Joe Biden.
well tell you one thing
he may not be from philly buddy is from scranton which is close
accounts
that's true he sees as close as you might ever get you know what else is in
scranton what's that that documentary
docio i don't know which document the office
the office
the
the tv show the office it's a documentary it's it's no it's shot like a
documentary ok
you don't know what you're talking about uh... i'm gonna say i do know
what about the chiral palin
what about the chiral palin
sarah
palin fat
that's the uh... the
woman running on the republican ticket for vice president it's it
ain't it's chiral
it's sarah okay
well she really shook some things up didn't she
yeah yeah people are pretty excited
i know i am
yeah people uh...
get all excited when a new person
uh... shows up like that oh yeah but you know what what's that i'd be lying if i
thought i wasn't interested in her
as a lover
uh... i figured you were going to say that uh... come on yeah i want it
that's just wrote a note it too uh-huh
how does she know it
i told her we have this deal
uh-huh yeah
well like i i get to take fair pailin as a as a as a lover
and she can go out with one of the guys from britany fox
though those are the people you picked with your
well when did you pick sarah palin
oh man i'm a couple years ago
ok hahahaha
yeah hahah
how did you know about sarah palin a couple years ago i met her up there
where where's up there
alaska
you had you met sarah palin
yet with a lot
that's yeah that's what she was mayor
why
you met her
under what circumstances i want to know
yeah
i did not know that we are
we're talking about that no we are a big news owner
you you want to move absolutely yeah
and you've broken those sometimes
okay with rock
and you you've got you have gone to a last get to hunt me oh absolutely yeah
Uh-huh, yeah, so we were hunting up there and I you know they have this lodge
You know everyone goes to react with they hunt uh-huh days done. Yeah, and I just kind of hit it off with her
He was talking. Uh-huh. Oh, yeah, okay. Yeah. Well, that's that's shocking
Oh, yeah, and then we had a couple of drinks and uh, but you know, she really changed
She did she did and and what over there the course of the night she changed. Oh, yeah
Well, how's that? Well, she started off really nice. Yeah. And then she got really mad at me.
Well, why did she get mad at you? She caught me, um, outside of her house looking inside.
Yeah, you were looking at through her window? Yeah. At what? Her.
Doing what? Changing. That's why. What? Yeah, I can understand why she'd get mad.
I must have misread them them signals. Yeah, you must have. Yeah, that's disgusting
Well, no, no matter what you think of her
That's disgusting. Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't realize I was talking to dr. Jonas brothers
You what was that?
Dr. Dr. Joyce brothers who's that you said dr. What did you say dr. Jonas brothers? Yeah
Crack-a-talk so much it don't sound like you do
Now, she's only the first lady to self-help.
Yeah, Dr. Jonas Brothers.
Yeah.
Okay, let's move on.
Oh, I'll tell you one thing that bugs me about the upcoming present
determinate dog tutorial election.
What's that, Roy?
All that mudslingin'.
What's that?
All that mudslingin'?
You don't like the mudslingin'?
No, we gotta put a crematorium on all that.
Yeah, we really should put a crematorium.
But did you see how all the delegates were eatin' it up?
Do you mean people criticizing each other?
Yeah.
Yeah, you don't like that?
Oh, no.
I mean, I love a good verbal punch-up as much as the next guy, but they take it too far.
There are times it seems like it's Tannenbaum to treason.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
You mean when they go too far with it?
Yeah.
Yeah.
It really is Tannenbaum to treason.
Tannen...
Make it...
What?
What did you say?
Tannenmount.
Crack the encyclopedia Britannia much it sounds like you don't uh-huh well
You know what I actually don't know to be honest. I don't look at the encyclopedia Britannica that well
You know the good news for you. What's that you never have to crack one ever again?
What why do I never have to crack open another cycle because encyclopedias are
Okay, they're gonna put them all on iTunes
They're gonna put what on you can buy them on iTunes the encyclopedias. Yeah, yeah, like they're narrated
Really? Yeah, I guess it's gonna be the voice of the encyclopedias Britannica
I'm gonna go on a limb and say you're you're involved in it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Why really you are absolutely I
why don't you believe i could do that i just you know you're you know i'm a
ferocious reader
you okay you know what
i'm i'm
sure so you're going to read these things i thought
the thing that would make me think
that maybe you wouldn't do it you know if there's a regional quality to to you
roy and i think it's
whatever that's neither here nor there
Well, here's what happens.
I mean, this is a formality, but I have an audition tomorrow where I go in and they
they make you like, you know, read like three of them, free prepared entries.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So I got this thing nailed.
Really?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
I couldn't be more prepared.
Well, it's you.
You've been working with me for the last two weeks.
Uh huh.
Yeah.
To get ready for this thing.
Oh, yeah.
Do you want me to blow?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Let's, let's hear.
Okay.
Here goes.
Okay.
The Sputnik program was a series of robotic spacecraft missions launched by the Soviet
Union.
The first of these, Sputnik 1, launched the first man-made object to orbit the Earth.
That launch took place on October 4, 1957 as part of the IGY and demonstrated the viability
of using artificial satellites to explore the upper atmosphere.
Russian word Sputnik literally means co-traveler traveling companion or satellite
and it's our seven launch vehicle was designed initially to carrier nuclear
warheads. Wow, that was pretty professional. Well thanks, see I told you I was gonna nail it.
All right. You want another one? Sure. Well Walt Disney is the next one.
Okay.
Okay.
All right.
Walter Disney, December 5, 1901 to December 15, 1966, was a multiple Academy Award-winning
American film producer, director, screenwriter, voice actor, animator, entrepreneur, and philanthropist.
Disney's famous for his influence in the field of entertainment during the 20th century.
He's particularly noted for being a film producer and a popular showman, as well as an innovator
in animation and theme park design.
He and his staff created a number of the world's most famous fictional characters, including
the one many considered Disney's alter ego, Mickey Mouse.
Jeez, that's...
I want to get this thing, ain't I?
You know what?
Look, I don't want to jinx you, but that's not too shabby.
You want the third one?
Yeah, definitely.
Okay, it's the mobile phone.
Mobile phone, okay.
The mobile phone is a short-range portable electronic device used for mobile voice or
data communication over a network of specialized base stations known as cell sites.
In addition to the standard voice function of a telephone, current mobile phones may
support many additional services and accessories, such as SMS protects, messaging, email, packet
switching for access to the internet, gaining Bluetooth, infrared, camera with video recorder
and mms for sending and receiving photos and video
you you are uh...
i'm going to be a star
yeah
so get ready
yeah you want to do it can you do another one
this is really
i gotta tell you i'm blown away by this
well i just did the three of them already
well but those are the i better go
but no those are the three you've been
I guess you said Roy Jr.'s helping you?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
But, you know, there's probably a good chance that they would ask you just to do one, you
know, on the fly to see how you would do with it.
Why would they do that?
You know, to just kind of keep, just, I guess maybe to test your, you know, the parameters
of what you're able to do.
just read something that you're super prepped for.
Okay.
Well, I mean, do you have that encyclopedia with you?
I've got, yeah, Roy Jr. stole a set day from our neighbors.
Hold on, let me, yeah.
Well, can you just pick one, you know, and then just do it just off the cuff?
Yeah, okay.
well do you do uh...
played out like played out uh... you know out of the p
it don't have played out in here like that
you mean like that
the stuff that roger jr you could play with it no not that the stuff
played out
like plate
plate
P-L-A-T-O.
Oh, Clacko.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
Here.
Okay.
You got it?
Yeah.
Clacko.
Four.
Two.
Eight.
Be.
See.
Two.
Three.
Four.
Eight.
Eight.
Be.
See.
Two.
Three.
Four.
Eight.
three, four, eight BC, was a clasical Greek phylos, so phylosop, her, who, together with
And his mentor, Sock, Sock, who, Socrates, and his, um, oh man, student,
Aristotle. Who? Aristotle.
Aristotle. Uh-huh.
Help delay the foundations.
Oh, man. Yeah, okay, this is not as easy as...
How much rehearsing did you do for those three that you read the
Disney one and the phone, mobile phone, and
the Sputnik. Well, it took me two weeks to mesmerize them all. See, it's easier when
you mesmerize them. Yeah, yeah. Well, I get a little, I don't know, tripped up with some
words sometimes. Yeah, I get a little thrown sometimes. Yeah, do you want me to keep going?
No. I'd be glad to. No, no, no, please. I, you know, look, if you do those three, we'll
see how you make up. Maybe you'll be the one who gets to do the iTunes version of the
encyclopedia Britannica well maybe things will turn out okay and i'll just
get them the mayoral uh... position
that would be best for me probably
but you'd be pretty much taken my confidence bank well
i don't know to tell you you had you have the other three
spent two weeks uh...
memorizing them and then now you're uh... now you're
you know it's it's it's it you're gonna be on the spot a little bit i guess is
what i mean to say you know who's also gonna be on the spot
who's that call screener mike
what what uh... mike
you mean that he's running for mayor also
he won't be soon and i got to tell you mike is kind of uh...
think mike is in the lead
uh... well he won't be tomorrow
it
hahaha how so
uh... little birdie told me there's a little scandal of brewing
a scandal yeah
for with mike involved
i know not a little like a what type of scandal let's say i got the pictures to
prove it
you've got pictures of
why don't you ask a mike right now what he was doing behind that building with
those ladies
hey and mike
do you know anything about this
mike mike says he knows nothing about it
uh... he's got of course it's going to say that you know why why he's sick
mike is doing that
well i know nothing about it and
but this is really this is not you pulling some sort of shenanigans well
it kind of it
you really do nothing
actually photo chopped it
what's that i thought i thought it
yeah
okay about photo chopper right yeah it's uh... it's radio hudgraphic software
yes yes photo chopper
yeah but it's going to get out there
i'm just glad we're not on the air right now what do you mean
We're not on the air. We've been on the air for the last 25 minutes.
Wait, what? You're kidding me.
That's horrible. What?
You, I just, I have no hearing now.
Oh, did you go see Heartplay or something?
You're listening to Heart CD?
No, I'm not listening to Heart. Okay. Oh, Roy,
I don't know what to tell you. He's gonna get taken down.
Mike is. Oh, yeah. Because I think you're... You too.
Oh, I'm not done. Yeah, I got photo chops for you too.
i'm not running doing fixed up stop it you're going to get taken off the air
uh... i am not yes you are
sleep tight
okay right
best of luck on the election i hope everything goes uh...
well for you if you win i hope you win fair and square
plato
was
also
uh... matt
I
It can Matt M. Act it can
Yeah, you just stick to the writer
Okay, I'll keep at this. Yeah, I'll call you later. What's your phone number? I'm not gonna give you my home number
I'll Michael give it to me Mike doesn't have my home now. I bet he does. Oh, I've actually got it. You're yeah
So you were just trying to get Mike in trouble by making, oh, okay, find these.
And that's how that ends, apparently.
That shows back, 201, 209, 9368.
The topic tonight, do we really need this?
FMU, you're on the air.
FMU, you're on the air.
No?
no
fm you're on the air
high-pitched
doing all right who's this
andrew and philadelphia
andrew and philadelphia how are you tonight
pretty good
doing okay
uh... i got some for the topic let's hear it
came across the field they apparently uh...
teaching chon have re
i guess resolve
resolve their feud
and get back together for their first comedy tour and i don't know how many
years
teaching john yet to
uh... okay
too many years
out too many
very exciting
that they will be sharing the stage
doing their completely outmoded
humor watching two seventy five-year-olds
talk about scoring weed
air who's not looking forward
to that upcoming tour
where it's clear that one of them would rather be acting
and the other one
needs the job because uh... he has no money
i was reading something on cnn dot com it says
marin says he thinks dope humor can be as funny today as it was back in the
seventies
who said that
cheech marin
cheech marin said that
he thinks dope humor can be as funny now
as it was in the seventies correct
he said uh... i think it's time for a revival of dope jokes
it's a much bigger audience now it's much more widespread and institutionalized
that's great yet you want to know what that that tour is going to be successful
i'm sure it will be but do we really need that now we don't need it at all
e-mail
do you get to doleman
you know there's probably not a shortage of people out there uh... you know willing
to laugh at pot jokes
yeah i can watch these two guys
These two guys are up there, they're 75 years old,
you're not sure if they're high
or if they're just losing their memory.
He mean, I don't know, man.
I'm 75 years old, man, I don't remember anymore.
I got a feeling too it's gonna be a lot of like
rehashed versions of stuff they were doing 30 some years ago.
Yeah, gotta go up there watching them do basketball Jones.
Thank you.
FM, you're on the air.
Hi, Tom.
Hi, who's this?
is bony knew it
i knew it was bony
how are you tonight bony
i'm pretty good how are you doing okay
top notch caller
but thank you
what's going on
well i have something for the topic
uh... i can't wait to hear it
well
i have read at the other day
that
peter jackson
and his fellow or the ring scribes
Are like for sure doing the Hobbit a film are you excited about that?
No, I I'm really I really don't think that we need it
And I'm like a big I'm a big token fan and everything I just I guess I'm just afraid that
You know, they'll do the Hobbit and it will sort of
not like be good I don't know well you know but the thing is the why would it
be good because none of the the first three movies weren't good right well I
liked them pretty well and I was not crazy about those well they're
entertaining look I'm glad you had fun watching them everybody's got a fun
doing what they do I couldn't wait for that thing to end yeah I felt like I was
walking through the woods for two weeks yeah so I guess you can kind of
understand why the world might not need the film version that someone I'm
sitting there watching this thing I'm watching was like a there's like a
goo a goblin and a troll and an elf and a hobbit walking through the woods
right yeah sounds like a it sounds like a joke like a hobbit and a troll I walk
it through the woods I can't come a fix it's a kind of a good punch line for
that and when they when they're awry when that tree is walking them all over
the place mm-hmm what's going to I'm not gonna show what a nerd I am and get the
proper name
now give them that i want to hear the name you know the names let's hear the
names what's the tree's name
um... the tree's name was tree beard
tree beard
that's good to see uh...
talkers really pushing himself to come up with some exciting tree beard
i can agree with that yeah really dig and deep on that one
Have you read the books or have you just seen the movies?
I'm a big book fan.
Have you read them one time each or more?
More.
How many times is more?
Three.
You've read each of them three times?
Yes.
Have you ever read the Silmarillion?
That's my very favorite.
Oh, brother.
I just finished reading it for the fifth time.
fifth time
yes
look if you're into it i'm happy you found something that makes you happy
i couldn't take it
i couldn't take it i was gonna scratch my eyes out
no everybody's different
everybody is different that's what makes us all special
that's right that we're all different
that's right thank you bony
what do you have a great night who's your favorite character in all of the
talkin stuff
all of the talkings of who's your favorite character
billbo baggens
uh...
my favorite character is probably
or finnedell
in the film really and what about what about that wizard
merlin
i do like gandalf as well
his name's not merlin
now that's a different book
okay
that that looks pretty good to actually
all right we have a nice night thank you bana you have a great night
fm you you're on the air
eight times listening to you
this is a quality caller calling from the s angeles
my goodness
well thank you very much how are you this uh... funny evening doing okay
doing okay
just okay though
just okay i thought i thought the show's been going pretty well tonight good
good thank you
trying to uh...
uh...
here
here's what
do we really need
uh... roll
bro man
and that's like when when guys are like
fans of each other and they really like they're like buddies
yeah but but but not only that it is this
ties in with uh... what uh...
what uh... the guy from florida was saying
uh...
samir yes what samir was saying
uh... bromance is the name of the new reality show
in which brodie jenner attempts to find a new member of his entourage
so is now you have to do what
a tertiary character on on on the lousy
fake reality show
getting his own lousy fake reality show
to find the newest character in his fake life
so i mean
i'd yeah it's
words fail
but the funny thing is that if you trace it through the family tree
at no point does it start with talent
well in in his case his father was
at one point the world's greatest athlete uh... i mean in terms of it
him though
yet no absolutely no that it it it derives
from uh... from of the whole world
of
completely on talented no talent
who who are famous for no other reason than that they are famous
where they or they know somebody who's famous and manage to
weasel in front of a camera
at the point now where you like look at this list and it's like somehow like
lindsay lohan is also like the maryll street
of that world just cuz she's actually done movies
she's like she's like hell and hate yeah she's yeah she's like the captain
hetburn yes of young hollywood just cuz she did it she did five movies
and and and somehow now paris hilton is far from the least talented member of
of that scene
yeah now there's a frightening thought prepared that it makes paris hilton
look like she's got some sort of uh... talent issues on the the upper echelon
i saw that uh... the commercial when i was watching the mtv uh...
video music awards for her new show which is like
her best friend her bff best friend for ever right yet
yet for new bff
who wants to be her friend
who wants that
I don't know.
I can't imagine what the job description would be or what any of the, and how, I mean, the
ultimate goal would be awful, but then to have attempted to get to that position and
then not made it, what, you know, how much that make you feel and look.
I mean, I didn't even make it to be her fake best friend.
i mean i don't i don't know it's it's really just exactly simply appalling
and and uh... and uh... there's it there's you know get there's like an entire
industry now
based around
you know following these people around i mean you do you go to
you go to websites and you see on tv shows it's like
kim kartashi and got a double extra mokachino with uh...
how's it all doing you know it's like
only goodness i'm watching and you know
for the other thing on this and tv uh... video music awards who was that
that guy who is that polly shore hosting it
uh...
it was like polly shore doing a british accent
oh boy
ruffle brand he didn't seem to have
gone over so well he comes out he's like uh...
i want to tell you americans uh...
vote for barack obama
because bush is an idiot
uh... uh... thanks for the uh...
thanks for the uh... uh... for the insightful uh... political commentary
there
yet yet we were we people of america had yet to realize it in that
mid to late two thousand eight
that uh... bush is an inferior president
yes and that we shouldn't vote for him again it's guys a moron
i just want to say
as a representative of the united kingdom
It don't vote for bush again. This guy's a moron
He bombed he bombed hard. That was a full-on flame out that audience doesn't care about this guy
Yeah
That was uh, that was quite quite the train wreck. Oh
I gotta move on. Okay. Did you see my new license plates? I did not. Oh, yes, I did
yes those are awesome we just got those couldn't believe that nobody else had
taken them and and we're very proud to be speaking out for the cause you want
to say what they are oh yes my special friend Quimby and I got new license
plates and on my truck it says I heart WFMU and and on our little Honda fit it
says we heart w f m u
and you can see them on the
the website they were up on sunday and then if you go to the blog
and scroll down a little ways there there's a little picture there on the
side and you can click on it and see the
see the license plate
this guy speaking out you know this guy's flying the flag listener tenn
though i don't don't from the germs actually
accosted me in the parking lot the day after i got him
Hey, dude, I just did a show on that radio station man. I did Brian Turner show
I'm like my name is Don as in this group the germs. I was like cool man excellent
I gotta go like I but thanks cool. I was in the archive
Don from the germs Brian Turner. Yeah, he did that. I forget what it was, but that's a beautiful thing
Beautiful thing with WFM you you hit the archives if you missed it live
Yeah, well I will check it out and you have a good night and my best to your
lady friend Jillian Barbary and and all the best. Thank you. Listen her tea. Same here.
Good night, Quimby. What? FMU, you're on the air. Hello. Hello. Was it squiggy?
yes what's up um did we really need uh
Zack and Mary Kevin Smith uh porno movie no we don't so the trailer for that
and it's like uh it's like Seth Rogan they're like you hear what interviews he's like uh he's
like uh i'm completely indebted to that guy like uh there would be no super bad if it wasn't for
uh... clerks
i might be rather i love super bad i might make that trade
uh...
it's like they make jet appetizers cast of life
kevin smith cast into the like yeah
i got don't pay and uh... correct robinson
chair in the screen now
sick
and i was a lot of getting one thing company like why do they make the
worst movies
and i can only watch alternate media and they make the worst movies
with what do you only watch
no everything lines gate wants to hear wants to come to put out is like
a kevin smith
quinton taren tino
dane cook movie
yet something like that
i hear you buddy
oh and um... i got an idea for promoting the show let's hear it
you just do um...
like alga jones does
do you know that radio show
who's that
alex jones i don't know who that it
he just says uh... promote my show or like
the new world order will take over and all the stuff it's like coast-to-coast
but without
and he has like him a lot wrongs in a bunch of people on there about
the economy collapse within everything else and sort of crazy
that you just have people
you say
open up my show or the whole world
well up or something
very weird
let's let alex jones run uh... with that concept
all the live-long day
more power to them i have no idea what that is
will do it our own way
will do it away with you
you get ready you see
thanks but
if i'm here on the air
i don't know how to use this
jason and josey
jason in josey city how are you
i thought it was russell brand for a minute
very exciting at what you're going to do a uh... a big brother recap
yeah he's got quite the amount of hair i have
that guy is that all you see polish or related
was that the franchise doubt to the rest of the world and he bought a
polish or franchise
i don't even really know who polish or is
just imagine russell brand
from southern california
and you've pretty much got him figured out
yeah not good
no not good at all not even a little bit good
so i'm calling on topic
love it what do you got
the word am
which which word
am am
like do we really need that word
do we need it
what purpose to do so
it show me it give me an example of it being used
in a in a in a context that drives you nuts
it's not a context that drives me nuts it's just
it's used a pop-eye needs it of course
but
i was going to get to that
uh... i'm sorry i didn't know for example say i am jason
what purpose does the word and survey this i could say i jason uh... and it
means exactly the same thing uh...
i am going to do my radio show tonight i am sparticous
i thought it was a lot you don't need that word in there
so you just want to make sense you don't use it make you sound like a caveman
so that the purpose it serves though unless you want everybody sound like a
caveman
but if everybody found it like a caveman
would be okay it would be such an unusual thing so you're looking to level
you're looking to just level the playing field but you want to know
you know that ever not everybody's going to give up the word am
and there's going to be the haves and the have nots
but you know there are plenty of work people give up
like what
where for
well that's true people did give up where for
i think where for uh...
give up on us
but can you think of it
single sentence except for the popular
which didn't make any sense anyway
where the word amateur central
sentences meaning
sure how about this for sense
am i going to be forced
to suffer through julie from since an ad he's calls every week
it's got me
them you shall pay it
yeah
thank you jason
thank you
fm you you're on the air eight hours john paperwood did it
i'm smart you got him
i'm smart
although i want to challenge jason unfortunately that uh...
they carte quote would make no sense i think therefore i
unless it was i think therefore and everybody leans forward
because then you got him on the edge of their seats
what do you got john
uh... well this is not as a heady
at that one but uh... i saw an ad for chai
sent a deodorant
uh... who who who who makes that uh... i think it's the coffee bean
that right
starbucks
yeah no uh... it was secret
and i just see it right
i'd just can't imagine a use for a food
you know set smelling like a food
i can't eat that exactly
i'd just can't imagine who green lighted that like somebody was in a
you know conference room and somebody said that a great idea
Somebody signed off on the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the,
well, what's, what's going to be next? The, uh, mocha frappuccino.
Shampoo, but go to the thing and get the, we've talked, I've
talked about this on the air before, when it's like people like,
you get these people like outraged by the existence of Starbucks.
And they're just like, you go and you can't just get a regular cup
of coffee. You got to get the mocha, mocha, mocha, chocolate
to repuccino
right click now that you want to know what
starbucks menu isn't that challenging
you can just go there like i did today and say you know i want coffee please
they'll do that for you although i gotta say if you're going into starbucks
there's been a lot of complaints about starbucks but i give a say about the
people who go there
if if your order is more than like ten words
you've got to reevaluate your your your needs in this world
so you mean if you say venti
soy milk
iced
coffee
sugar-free
vanilla syrup
and and the capper is when you hear people ended with a temperature
all i would never end up with the temperature
yeah i've heard that several times
you want to know what i go over ten words
i got no purpose in life
they sunk me
you sunk me john
thanks john
you have a good night you too
when i was in atlantic city i saw this shirt it said uh...
some guy to shirt it said use your brain vote mccain
and is there is there any other way to take that other than it just being
like like the the subtext of that shirt is like use your brain. He's the white guy.
Isn't that the only way you can take that shirt? Use your brain. What are you gonna do?
You're not gonna vote for the black guy. Use your brain. Vote McCain.
I've know I cannot see any other way to take that shirt and maybe it didn't help the guy who
was wearing that shirt did not did not exactly help uh...
sell that
he kind of looked like uh...
kind of looked like mad Damon on steroids
like a a roided out mad Damon
i did see all the misspellings on the signs of the proud
proud people slashing those education budgets
fm you you're on the air
Keep cool with Coolidge, they used to say.
Keep cool with Coolidge.
I like Ike.
I like Ike too.
They always got something.
There is always something, you're right.
What do you got for me, young man?
Uh, this is Pat, Jersey City.
How's it going, Tom?
Going all right, how are you tonight, Pat?
Doing pretty good.
To what do I owe the pleasure of this call?
I went to, uh, Astrolands last day in Coney Island on Sunday.
Uh-huh.
did you cry
now i didn't cry but it was fun
was sad right
it was kind of it was kind of a doubt
was said that that dumpy uh...
was said that that dump got shut down
well right that overpriced dump
got shut down
well it's you know it's free to enter yeah
exactly
now yeah and that now there's another seven hundred fifty places to go right on
rides
well they're the re-zoning it so that's not going to be as many uh...
i got one word for you
oh craft
uh...
uh...
good old bo craft
they got one word people of kony island crying all about konayon
bo craft
how about um...
animal kingdom
that's two words
or a one word
bo craft
they're getting rid of the roads that i haven't ridden
in uh... fifteen years
the log flume was fun
log flume
koniella log flume
seaside heights
one of the people in the way on the way over there
no one did
someone did
saw someone that you go
that you're ringing endorsement for konie island over there's on the path
train
uh... to be fair
It's gotten like that I was leaning on the back of his bench
and an empty seat over an empty seat so he punched me in the face.
That's great.
That's terrible.
I was actually pretty shocked.
I didn't know what to say to him. He looked kind of like Mr. T.
Except like less muscular
without a mohawk.
A less muscular Mr. T without the mohawk.
but he had the earrings
opat the adventures you go on
you have a good night
so you know dark night is about to leave i'm x theaters soon
what is going to take its place you may be asking
what's the next movie that will pack i'm x theaters
why is it is the movie called proud american
a fred ashman film like his name is a
says proud american
a fred ashman film
who's fred ashman
i'm on the fence about seeing this proud american movie
all of fred ashman directed it
well let's go see it honey
it's like when they were uh... marketing like scooby doo was like
scooby doo
eraja goshnell movie
No, he's going to see it.
Oh, Raja Gosnell's got a new movie out?
Oh, what did he do?
Oh, Scooby-Doo.
Here's the audio from the trailer.
For Out American.
America comes alive as you've never seen it before.
Shot in 70 millimeter,
the vast beauty of the American landscape
is the backdrop for five stories of challenge,
Determination, and courage.
Man, the current is mainly no fun.
A kid from one of the toughest neighborhoods in Chicago
struggles with choices and his dream to be a doctor.
Try it out.
University and med school is a dream for people like us.
You told me that you wanted to be a doctor
since you were 10 years old.
Now that guy right there is Ken Howard. It's the white shadow. It's great to see he's back
on the big screen.
A girl's story of survival and transition from an overloaded boat without food or water
to the pain of a young teen dealing with a new culture and language.
Blake, Don, this is our table. You have to leave.
that music and chance we turn usually see trailers they kind of modulate the
music in them they just don't play one song at top volume straight through
so like hit the road yeah don't you have a boat to catch that's that's just to
becoming an American success story I'm gonna show them how small he does
business I'm gonna root against that girl when I go see proud American when I
go see proud if I can get in that is to the iMac show whenever she comes on
screen boo get off the screen racist you creep racist 14 year old we hate you
we hate you blind hatred invades the suburban community now these guys just
smashed a family of Jewish families that a menorah in the window and these guys
just these skinheads just smashed the window
Sarah, call 9-1-1.
Forcing the neighbors to face a test of integrity
they'll never imagine.
A punk enthusiast, a young man, I'm done.
Paralyzed, struggles to recover his life.
This is to remind you who you are.
You are really sealed.
From the depths of despair, to the heights of achievement.
They just showed a like a P-We baseball game going on.
I'm gonna go to an iMac's theater to watch <E.D.> Wee baseball blown up four stories high
Seriously fifteen fifteen dollars to get into these iMacs movies. I gotta go. You see Ken Howard
and a <E.D.> Wee baseball game and the guy who plays a psycho in every fifth movie
trying to it's like
Cheer on a guy paralyzed so that he'll do the the bike race
American experience
There are many reasons to be of Proud America.
And one of them is not the actual movie Proud American.
Let me just go to the cast real quick of Proud American.
This is what, I'm sure the IMAX Theater is pretty excited.
IMAX Theater is across the country excited about the,
about the cool down period they're going to get post dark night
Where they can kind of take their foot off the gas pedal, not have to worry about all
those pesky customers coming in, taking seats and watching their movies.
Jonathan Banks plays a killer in everything he does, a guy from Grey's Anatomy, Michael
Beretta, Edward Gage from, you may have seen him in eight simple rules, friends, Malcolm
in the middle, Scrubs, that's so Raven, Grant Goodeve, very exciting, Grant Goodeve is back
on the big screen from eight is enough, and it says, Seattle resident, Grand Goodeve,
who wrote this thing is in demand as a host for documentaries and reality-based programming.
Grant Goodeave.
Yeah, two for the new Grant Goodeave movie.
Proud American.
Look at this.
Yock off Smirnoff is in this thing.
Seriously?
I got to go look at that four stories high, blown up, that guy on the screen.
In America, we have IMAX.
In Russia, I don't know what it would be.
Proud American.
Any list on his things.
Movie credits include Moscow on the Hudson with Robin Williams, Brewster's Millions with
Richard Pryor, the Money Pit with Tom Hanks, and Heartburn with Jack Nicholson and Meryl
It's very exciting. No movie after 1991.
Yuck off smear. Proud American.
Makes me embarrassed to be from the 15 dollars.
You know, you gotta go to iMacs.
At least show me a whale swimming around.
I gotta go see this thing.
iMacs wanna see at least dolphins.
If I'm not gonna see a feature film.
a
watch yahoo smirnoff uh...
lecturing me about uh... america
uh... we're already in evan show i'm going to take these calls in uh... forty
five seconds three calls watches fm you you're on the air
there we go free stuff up here
fm you you're on the air
josh in miami
go fast josh
something for the topic uh...
uh...
your hero game for nintendo dS
guitar you know i'm done with guitar hero rock band
any of that stuff
everybody needs their head examined if they play that stuff
everybody needs their head exam
put a play guitar by pressing three buttons
thanks josh fm you you're on the air
i i i i'm calling from richmond virginia what's your real festival fifteen
seconds
i have a one hundred and twenty five dollar electric water boiler and warmer
available on amazon
what i'm thinking you don't want to just boil the water it also will just warm
the water for you in case you wanted a glass of warm water
exactly wasteful
hard to be a hundred twenty five dollar
people
private hard to be a proud american with stuff like that
speaking of proud american
a true blue this guy is so red white and blue
the guy who's going to host the next show
evan flag davis
you should change his name to
but tonight he's got a very exciting show
as you all know dom deloise and peter deloise had a falling out
over uh...
the twenty one jump street
uh... fiasco tonight evan
is going to play matchmaker
Tonight's episode of The Evan Funk Daily Show is called A Family Divided.
And Evan will bring together, well, attempt to bring together the Delaweeze family who
have not spoken in 16 years.
So stay tuned for a very exciting episode of The Evan Funk Daily Show, A Family Divided.
And he's also going to have on, he's going to have on Ron Jeremy, he's going to be doing
porn reviews.
So it's got a diverse show planned for you tonight.
So anyway, WFMU East Orange, WXH, D-MAT, Hope World Wide and World Wide Web at WFMU.org.
Keep it locked, Evan Funk Davies, Evan Flag Davies, coming up next, best show back next
week.
Friends of Tom.com, sign up and vote, miferspace.com slash sharpling, it's all happening.
World domination scheme phase one.
See ya!