Thank you
Hello, and welcome to Jersey City, New Jersey's WFMU.
My name is Tom Sharplin, and I'm about to bring you three hours of Mirth Music in Mayhem
on a show that's called The Best Show on WFMU.
Let's see what happens.
Hey, who's this?
Well, I'm in British Wales, Governor of Alabama.
Hi, it's, uh, Gerald Carminer.
Tom Sharpling, Governor of Party.
Hey, Tom, it's Purple Sir.
Hey, Tom, it's Mark Michaels.
This is Richard Clark, Richard Clark.
What's your name?
Baron.
Baron.
And, well, what's inside the two?
Fire Cry.
Maurice Kurt?
Horrify.
Hey, Thomas Bruce.
Tommy!
Who's this?
Ginger Vitis.
Yes, they have Rick Feloni at the wall.
I guess it was.
I hate you.
It's Peter.
Hey, it's Steinberg.
Mm-hmm.
You are creepy and I'm hanging upon you.
Boing.
Roger Depp.
My name is Ollie Fairnock.
I'll say it.
You'll hear it.
You'll do it.
I'll get it.
You'll learn it.
I'll live with it and just die without it.
Smash your trash.
There's a constant boom.
Good day.
Hey, what's up Tom? It's Tristan. Hey, it's Michelle. Yeah, Tom. This is Jim Riffle. How you doing? When I get to do the toilet talk now
It's a bar feel of the new century. My name is Tom Riley. I'm calling from New Zealand
Hey, man, it's Bryce. Hey, don't stand with us. It's a tent pole. It's a tent pole show. Hey, this is Tedlia. Whaaaaaaat?
This is Pete from the Future. Hi, Tom. It's DJ Terry Chase. Hey, from Knoxville. Super Kohler. It's off to Tom. My name is Mike Sayjack.
Get off my phone! I don't care!
Hey, this is if he can't, man!
I'm going to go to bed now, bye, friend!
Hey, Tom, it's Gordon.
Hey, Gordon, how are you?
I was in a band in the early 90s, my name's Jerry Pegg.
Hey, Tom, my name is Jeffrey Ludell.
It's a fat disease, wilder right now, isn't it?
The disenfranchised of a home now!
I'm the hero of the disenfranchised!
I'm gonna do the streets to do pretty
You can't get down, down to the left
You can't do the night, it ain't a lie
It's time to heal the land
Let go, let go of you, yeah
Let go, let go, let go, yeah
Let go, let go, let go, let go
Let go, let go, let go, let go
You
I'll be right back in a few minutes.
I'll be right back in a few minutes.
I'm going to do a little bit of that.
I'm going to do a little bit of that.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
This is her little girl that's on my line
Well, girl, she's a body, she looks so fine
She's a bass girl, love, baby
Sometimes she's your, makes you feel so sad
I thought I heard the call of my name now
I heard the call of my name now
I heard the call of my name now
She's got blood inside, quits, and all they took was a touch of her hand
I'm in my mind and I'm in so deep, but I got it on and I can't sleep
I'm in my mind, I'm in my mind, I'm in my mind
Huh? Huh?
But I heard a call to my name now
Huh?
Keep on my heart, but I'm not gonna say now
Be like one of them
Stick up child
The hell is new
And we drive
The bridges
Can't pay the rent
Without the ransom
Or the curtains
It's not as heavy as it's all
Please shut up, you, shut up, you, shut up
I won't chase you by your power
But we're doing the same thing
I've been to my accident
I don't even know that you know
I've been to my accident
I've been to my accident
You know that that we found out
There has been a great moment
I've got Antonia
She's having fun
She'll come to me alone
And to be interns
I've got Antonia
No, one, two
We've got the o-ring in the moon
We've got the o-ring in the moon
We've got the false ring in the tune
We've got the O ring in the blue
We've got the O ring in the blue
We've got the false ring in the blue
We've got the only in the moon
Yesterday today was tomorrow
And tomorrow, today will be yesterday
Oh, truly I'm the only human
We've got the only human
We've got the false ring in the truth
We've got the Holy, ringing the groove
We've got the Holy, Lord
We've got the Holy, and the groove
We've got the fasting, and the truth
We've got the Holy, and the groove
We are the only in the blue
We are the only in the blue
I mean, stick skating.
Stick skating.
Yeah.
Um, please.
Stick skating.
What is your favorite sport?
That was what I wanted to know when you were ripping on hockey.
Why is this basketball?
You know, basketball is my least favorite sport.
Oh, well, gee, I guess I have an opinion and you have an opinion.
Yes, and then...
So why don't you go talk all about how good hockey is and how lousy basketball is.
The basketball is on your radio show.
But I want to know why...
Not off my phone!
There isn't any debate
Don't wait for the future to go
My show, double your weapon
My show, double your weapon
My show
All right, best show on WFMU back for another
Two day night extravaganza. Three hours of birth music in mayhem. I'm the host of
tonight's episode. My name's Tom. Thank you for listening. On this blustery
December Eve. Everyone gathered around their radio listening just like in the
old days. Grandpa sent his chair with his slippers. Grandmas and her chair with
her slippers. Fathers in his chair with his slippers. Mothers in her chair with
Terselippers and all the kids are in their chairs. Love chairs in this room.
All gathered around a Bose radio with deceptively tiny speakers.
Confusing grandpa and grandma.
Wondering where all that sounds coming from.
And dad won't stop talking about his new Bose stereo.
Mom's a little sick of it.
And she's heard this Bose thing 500 times already.
He'll play for anyone who asks.
The kids, they don't care.
Every week someone drags them in front of the radio for 3 hours.
and slowly a hatred grows inside each and every one of them aimed at me kids this
is not my fault I don't know which family members making you listen whoever made
this decision don't blame me mmm we just heard from George Harrison from the
dark horse album a vastly underrated album dark horse great great album
We heard the song Ding Dong, which was George Harrison's attempt to cash in on New Year's.
Now I'm not playing no theme set here where everything's in New Year's related, first
of all because I think this is one of five songs about New Year's, secondly because
Because someone stole the station's copy of Old Lang Zion, another Old Lang Zion by Dan
Fogelberg.
Here comes George Harrison.
I've got every right to play George Harrison whenever I want.
I've earned it.
It's my guy.
one of the two best Beatles the flip you flip a coin it's Paul McCartney or
George Harrison Paul McCartney or George Harrison George Harrison and Paul
McCartney flip that coin you flip that other coin for who's the third and fourth
best beetle. John Lennon or Ringo Starr. Before George Harrison we heard times
new Viking from their hot album came out in 2008, early 2008. The album is called
rip it off. We heard a song called the early 80s. And that is on the matador
label. I send that out to Lou who wanted to hear some times new Viking
tonight. Before that hot new stuff from spider bags.
A song called Hey Delinquents on the it's a seven inch on the dagger man
label. Spider bags, it's Dan from DC Snipers. He's missing in action DC
Snipers, I say. I have to change camps. I'm going to have to change camps DC
Snipers. We'll see. We'll see what 2009 brings before that we heard.
by Chris Ife If, a collection compiled by Nick Salomon from the Beavis
Frond, called She's a Heartbreaker, a version of Hush on the psychic circle
label. And starting us off, the Pazant Brothers, Toe Jam, the name of the song,
from now I'm called The Brothers Funk, Rare New York City Funk 69 to 75, on the
BGP record label alright that's what we did there we played those records
everybody loved it it's a final show of 2008
a little sad that was some year huh 2008
You know I want to do now I want to thank Mike for all the work he's done here for the
last year.
Mike thank you, Associate Producer Mike.
This guy comes through every week, he's like a champ.
Mike started a Twitter account.
you can follow his exploits
over twitter you can follow mine by the way
you go to twitter.com slash
sharpling you check it out all the fun stuff going on
keeping everybody up to speed on everything that's going on
it's fun 140 characters at a time
I'm writing a novel on on twitter
the
cold fuel dump
to check that thing out
good stuff
, Mike Mike is a mike's name is a P Mike
he's on there and he's doing his weekly he says he's doing weekly reviews of
intervention
the show intervention
my twitter thing is like a little variety show do a couple jokes
every day i do uh...
the uh... twitter tidders which are my little uh...
fun family friendly jokes
questions and answers so we put a question out everybody answers it
right my novel
fun
mikes
it's like if the uh... dude from leaving las vegas had a blog
There's some heat going on over it at Twitter, some competition.
It's not just Mike, AP Mike.
Omar, the show Scrivener.
He runs the Hot Recidivism website.
Mike and Omar are in a little bit of a foot race to see who can get the most, the most
the most followers on Twitter a little bit of a foot race
you go to Omar the number four life that's Omar's address on on uh Twitter
AP Mike is Mike's those are the best that's the cream of the crop sure there's
some mutants on Twitter there's one toilet mouth guy I'm not even going to
get this first of all I could thrown off the air by saying his name over the
radio. He runs a filth site on it with these toilet mouth jokes that are
disgusting. Guys should be ashamed of himself. You come to my thing family
family, family, family.
I want to say get well to the H man.
The H man is sick.
My understudy, my replacement.
Someday he will take my place
One week
You'll deal tune in on a Tuesday night
And it'll be the H-man
I'll be gone
Ancient history
And I'm telling you when I go I'm taking every archive down to I
Will not have existed I will erase
You'll say did that actually happen
Did that show actually happen? There's no proof of it.
It's gonna be gone.
And the H-Man will sit in this chair.
The H-Man is under the weather.
Poor H-Man.
We hope you get better. I need you strong.
H-Man.
To replace me.
And that will be happening sooner than later.
The H-Man.
We'll slide into this chair.
And we'll regale you with his stories, his adventures, playing croquet.
So get better, rest up, H-Man.
The phone number, 201, 209, 9368.
And this is the last show of 2008, this is the last show of the current format of the
show.
I'm making changes.
Best Show 2009's got some changes.
One of the changes is you're not guaranteed Spike at the beginning of the show.
That's no guarantee.
This guy's going to have to go back to the trenches and earn it.
You're going to have to earn it like everybody else.
Call up.
Get past Mike.
Dig in.
Stick to the topic.
No more of this, eh, a little time.
What's going on?
Ah, nothing.
Nothing.
Then why are you calling me if nothing's going on?
I don't want to hear from nothing, I'm just bored.
Don't call me then, don't call me.
That calling me is bored
Can't take it anymore guys bored. It's calling me
And my fault you're bored
Go buy a comic book, go read a comic book, I don't know what to tell you, go read the
new issue of Iron Fist, FMU you're on the air, Tommy Gunn, yeah, hey, how you doing man,
I'm doing okay, this is Tom, shooting those hollow points at the man again, tonight for
in the next three hours
yeah just kinda
you know doing the end of the year show
last year of the two thousand eight
kissen uh... kissen two thousand eight by closing the gates on uh... oh eight as
it were
yeah kana uh... uh... put a put in a lid on it
kind of ramping up to post here what i wanted to uh... say to you
uh... wanted to make sure that you're okay
i don't know if you got my package today
hope you didn't uh...
shock you too much
seem to be in a little bit of a denial but
making sure you're all right
you okay there tom again yes
i'm but i'm doing fine
what what kind of package are we talking about
you know who this is
i'm not sure who this is now
it's travis
i'd uh...
travis edgkin
okay
okay uh...
yeah i know you i know your name
i have seen your name on uh...
like a different uh... like uh... boards
talking about like uh...
like performance performance e-commerce
i mean if i find an internet cafe and
uh... have an extra uh...
abe lincoln
shoot a paper my pocket allah
fold that into the feeder and uh...
jump on to the mind web
and uh... play a couple of droppings out there sure
so yeah i post a lot but um...
i guess uh... you know you're closing the door here on two thousand eight and i'm
kind of
closing the door on an era
against the uh...
the travis edgkin has decided to
kind of step down and settle into the
marshmallowy cocoon of being a mere dj like you you know i've always been
there tommy gun
being able to work for the man the way you do i just uh...
my edges are too hard my quills are always out
hard to meet it
hard for me to fit into that uh...
kind of mediocrity balloon like you do without popping it
i'm so sorry
a mediocrity balloon
that's what i'm that's what i'm doing here
i'm not saying that you yourself a mediocre saying that
you know you're uh...
kind of fighting a good fight there in the machine every day
you know being on uh... being on big old cushy
w f m u
that's a it's a big old step up from the
my pirate radio station in the back of my uh...
back of my van
broadcast fifty feet to the real people out on the street
to the to the denizens i call them you have listeners i have denizens
you know i kind of don't so you do a thing where you broadcast from a van
well yeah my pirate radio yeah if you will okay so you
you kind of hijack the as somebody else's air signal
uh... i think if it is a liberating that air signal i don't really feel like i'm
hijacking it a hijacker takes a plane uh...
somewhere the plane wants to go
i wake the plane up
take it to a place that didn't know it wanted to be uh...
and uh... so that's kind of what i do
but i've decided to kind of
you know
i guess
uh... fluff off all my uh... all my titles and
sigils and just go under the uh...
the moniker of deejay
oh so you're you're taking a step
into this world is that is that what i'm
yeah that's why i think it's in the uc and if uh...
maybe i could uh...
get a show there on uh... the old
the w f m u corporate machine
you know you keep calling it a corporate machine and saying it's
cushy and
now this is not
this is a listener sponsored station
this is not
it's a corporate
uh... monolith
all right
hey no let's do a logic walk would you come with me on a logic walk for a
second
sure sure let's go on a logic walk okay
you listeners send in money
the money is what keeps the station supported that's true yes so you're
living on those listeners money
uh... well that money just goes to the operating budget and to a few
bare bones uh... salaries here to keep people
all of your listeners are off the grid
their poets and painters
uh... making money
uh...
not from the government not from any kind of corporation they're all just
deliberated and free minded as you are right
i get that they are all different walks of life all different walks
some of those walks uh...
include walks down the hallways of power would you say
i would assume some of them by you know by the fact that the
the uh...
by the sheer volume of of uh... pledges we get sure
so you've just admitted that there's poison in the system
thank you
and you're welcome
thanks for coming on that walk with me man
i'm gonna let go your hand now
it's cold isn't it
uh... that's just the door your cages open man that's just truth blowing in
is all that's what that is okay
hey tom yeah
tommy gun yeah technical doesn't know it's a tentacle
a tentacle doesn't know it's a tentacle doesn't know it's attached to the
the corporate octopus
uh... and that's coming
and that's good the corporation needs a couple of
couple of wild flage late in tentacles out there and that's just that's what
you are
but ultimately
you like blood comes from the
the war machine of the wal-mart machine of the process for machine
that's fine i don't judge you for that man
It's not easy doing what I do.
I'm easier being a DJ
than I've decided to become a DJ.
So you're giving up the...
I'm assuming what you think you're doing is pretty pure.
Well...
I wouldn't say pure
because I think I embrace all of the
darkness and kind of garbage of life, if it were.
But I certainly wouldn't call myself a DJ.
I'm a sonic bard, I'm a doorway, a philosopher king, a fog wanderer, a monkey wrench, a warrior
poet, a pocket savior, a gutter snipe, a paladin of the lost hour, a night dancer on the ruined
values trade of the forgotten citadel of impossible secrets.
I have like fifty more, that's like the intro to the video.
But I'm just saying like that's, you know, that's kind of what I do and I just figure
that you might be in a little bit of shock, you know, must have been like, you know, finding
out Dylan is selling ladies underwear. Hey, man, we all got a, you know, even a, even
a, even a doorways got to eat. So I was just kind of hoping you'd heard those tapes and
wondering what you thought of them, you know.
Well, you, it was like a, it was stuff that was kind of messy. Yeah. And kind of like,
life is missing uh...
but i didn't think okay look i i guess it's all objective
but i i thought it was kind of
you a little
i guess amateurish
i thought and maybe a little
and how would you describe those a little indulgent also
visit
this is a
this really interesting it's it's weird how the
the sheet whenever the sheet meet the passionate in the pure they call them
indulgent and amateurish like that the shield that goes up that the shield
going up there
you know and that's and again i don't judge you for that man
you know that's the
that's the fear that fuels you
and i'm not job i'm not saying that you're a feel for
fear for person their time again i mean i like what you do but
you know
was jim morrison just a singer
i i'm not much of a jim Morrison fan at all so
i understand that no that makes sense
that makes sense
it's hard to step up sometimes
listen
yeah uh... could i just give you a
i just want to show you that i i i can i can totally work within the confines
of the
i guess that the teeth of the gears of w f m u okay i do not know if i do a
little uh
on air audition right now
sure if you've got it
well i mean as i'm sure you know
uh... my show in a new bridge to five hours of kind of overlapping freeform
i tend to play five album simultaneously to backwards
and i interspersed dialogue samples from the princess bride the big with
bow ski
and uh... it's just it's a real mind trip you know it just it it just uh...
it kind of shakes up uh... people's perceptions reverses all their
valences
and that's what i'm all about man i just i think the clause in deep but i think
i'm in gently
so on my old show i'd be doing something like that for me let me give you kind
just give you a little bit of the uh...
can i can i take your listeners on a bit of a true threat
sure
here
seems true seems to be
you seems to have this thing where you're the
truth but look just uh... let's hear
give us a give us a taste
you got to imagine
uh...
uh... trout mask replicas playing
and then i've got to be given some electrocute
playing backwards kind of ironic
and then you'll hear uh...
Inigo Montoya's dialogue, just kind of randomly in, and then my voice is buried in the mix,
but you can still hear it, and here we go.
Label on the tangerine, street grids, are you walking the edge, is your straight line
really a curly cue?
What share did you pay for?
Take that jacket off.
So you see, I'm going to give everyone a minute to recover.
Okay, you okay?
i think everybody's recovered yet
so um...
like what kind of what kind of songs would you've been playing tonight you
play any music yet
uh... yeah i played a few things i i played uh...
uh... like a couple uh...
i played a george Harrison record
oh george Harrison yeah uh...
the sellout beetle
what uh... what uh... song of history play
uh... the song called ding dong
from uh... from uh... alm called dark horse
you put out
dong for our course ok let me see if i can help
i'm working on the thing to introduce ready
big bang clang clang here's ding dong from dark horse by george hereson
from the beetle
that kind of thing that you do
well now i definitely don't do anything that sounded like um...
like you're like an oldies deejay or something
i thought that the kind of uh...
you know uh...
occupied calcified corporate kind of stuff that you do that
you know kind of
cocoon the listeners and uh... sort of the
gentle jelly of uh... compromise
well i don't see you
you have this thing where you've got this wall of you being mad at
this whatever the what the station is here
you're you're
this is we're not do we're not the bad guys here
look hate
tom tommy gun i'm not mad at w f m u
i'm not that mad at v h one for not return of my calls you know i mean
i just feel bad for you guys
and and i just uh... but i do envy you guys you know it
uh... like i said it
a dark writer like me out here on the edge
out there in the uh... the deserted out
uh... you know i i i envy you
people that can live in the tin cans man and just uh...
and each year uh... reconstituted noodles
but no one no one's getting paid for for this this is
yet this is not uh... z one hundred
well uh...
you know uh... last i heard you guys have like a microwave in there
you know you've got uh...
things to make tea with and there's like apparently bag of snacks
and it's pretty crazy in there
i mean having snacks is not it does
that does not mean it's the system and it's it's
here you're you're a little
i think you're kind of living in a like a
it's a little black and white the way you're approaching stuff
you know again
you're saying black and white that
you're just trying to separate things in the little tiny categories i'm trying
to embrace the all
you know i don't i don't discard anything man you know i'm just i'm trying to
embrace the whole thing and
and i think part of embracing the machine is to just join it and then
you and i can take it down from the inside eventually
we could we could have we could have w f m u in rubble next year man
i don't do you know we could we would just
blow that place apart built something new but i would don't want it in rubble i
think it's a it's a that's because you're in a cage man i'm not in a cage you're
nestle into the teat i mean no one wants to get pulled away from the food source
from the warmth
but i gotta rip you out of that embryo tommy gun
i don't know why you're
you really are
your nuts
in a will in a win i mean that in the best sense i appreciate your
excitement in your passion for for everything
but you're
here you you seem like the kind of
guy who thinks that you're
pure in everybody else is
is is kind of
damaged goods
if you have for just a second
and
ryan you have to leave that the lid on that
but it needs to be two more minutes
ryan
Ryan, now you're just doing it to make me upset.
Don't do that.
Hey man.
What was that?
I'm having to do with one of my roommates, man.
You know, I'm on this low sodium diet,
so it happens when you turn 48.
And so, and one of my roommates likes to let the steam
out of this little pouch that I make a lot of my food,
eat a lot of pouch food now uh... uh... you know hot water and uh...
the guy ryan
uh... tell me i gotta get out of my apartment
i mean i can't i'd need to get my own place
and uh...
you know i'm
my back is starting to hurt and my neck hurts when i wake up in the morning
and i just need
steady income okay
i just i need some of those FMU bucks
you you are barking up the wrong tree
if you're looking at this to be some sort of uh... payday
yeah you know what that's what my friend that writes for bill mar said you know
when i was like let me just
i'll submit some jokes and goes you know we'll make all that much money here i
know they make a lot of money and that's what people do when they get in
you guys just close the door
the so that other people can't get in
you know
and uh...
i'd just
i need some help here man
i can't live with these five guys and where they've all formed an alliance
against me
you know i i put everything everything on my people i think they keep till i
delete and they change it to
you know delete
uh... when rooms needed so i never get to see much shows
and uh...
you know
this has been a good year man
i need to defend you but
just give me a show their boom i just i asked on the air
i think it needs to show it can need to show all right
well i look all forward the cd
along i can just tell you it's not a paying
thing here and you do it as a volunteer thing
okay you know tom if that's what you have to say over the air
and and you know to keep
a lot of the refraff out that's fine i'll play your game and i'll play your game
but just submit that tape i got to get in there man
i need to let them you back
all right
there are no fm you book because that i will
because that
i will pass your time
i am passing your your your
your table on
you're you're definitely barking up the wrong tree if you're if you're looking
for some kind of quick uh... cash grab
i mean you they deleted all my episodes of the tutors
showed time and i was going to get it and now they're all gone
yeah i'm sorry about i'm sorry about that
it does it that that does not
that's not this though i mean
i don't i'd kind of don't know what to tell you
can i
borrow some money to i need to buy a money order
the way what do you need money for
i don't want to say over the air
okay uh... well how much money we're talking about
let's talk off the air
uh...
you're gonna have to open up that
that fm you money spigot man i don't have
i gotta open up that fm you money i have never made a sense from this show
okay
you know what i'll play the game and
there's no money to be made
there's no money to me now let's get off the air and open up that spigot
uh...
damn it it's ryan phone time i gotta call you back
uh... ryan need to use stupid phone
all right ryan
by tommy kime
who you have a great i hang in there
i'm out here right and then
i'm right
you're doing it
hello
okay
the b
b
that was not
poor guy
he i don't know what he thinks this station is
i guess he thinks he's the uh...
I think he thinks he's pure, and that somehow, yeah, I don't.
I don't make any money on this show.
I lose money on this show.
I go into my pocket all the time.
Oh, so many of the DJs here lose money on their shows, buying all kinds of stuff for it.
I don't know what to do with that guy's perception on what this is.
Who is on line two, Mike?
F.M.U., you're on the air.
Hello, Tom.
Oh, hi.
Yes.
Spike, how are you?
Just listening to that last caller, I'd like to know what he was taking.
what he was taking oh yeah um i don't know he sounded a little uh... discombobulated
a little uh... little a little off in terms of what i guess what he thought this place
is or you know that he was going for his
you know there's a certain type of guy when they they think they're going uh... they think
anything is like a sellout
you know i mean
I didn't get them at all. I just didn't get that guy.
That was the, that was a little, that was a little rough.
I don't, everyone thinks I'm strange.
What?
Ha ha ha ha.
You might have one think I'm a little weird.
Now, you tell me, Spike, why I should give you this opening slot on the show that you,
you seem to have uh... uh... uh... next
uh... well because i always called the right time
no one else seems to call it in twenty or eight thirty or whatever time i
normally call okay
you know so sure and i always get it
lines never did they
that's not wrong guys not wrong this is what i'm going to ask you to do for
2009 yeah i want some stuff i want some action
here when you call i want stories i want uh i want i just don't want
nothing's going on i'm bored oh well it seems that people are
asking me for money like like just like that guy was asking you for money
yeah people are asking me for money like i like who's asking you for money
Oh, every time I'm waiting for the subway or the Long Island railroad, you know, especially in Penn Station,
they always get these people who are dressed better than I am, baking for money.
People dress better than you?
Oh, yes.
Really? There's someone dressed better than you out there?
Yes.
Now, what are you wearing, generally? What does a spike wear? What is your outfit?
Oh casual wear, you know, pair of slacks or pair of jeans and know a nice shirt.
Jacket, you know.
I get people asking me for money who are dressed, you know, go chains and rings and
every finger and am I...
Why?
How much do you give them?
I give them nothing.
What?
I give them nothing they ask though if they're down and out I'll give them
money but if they trust Baron and I am it's not happening okay fair enough not
happening fair enough fair enough you just like did this last call or just asked
you for money yeah you know what I don't understand because you know like you
You said you don't make money from the show.
No.
You know.
So tell me Spike.
Yeah.
How was your Christmas?
Oh, it was lovely.
It was nice and quiet.
No, it was with the family.
Did you get the zoom you were looking for?
No, actually, I actually bought another iPod.
I bought a 120 gigabyte iPod.
Really?
Yeah.
you got a hundred twenty gig ipod
you need that much room do you have that much music
yes i do
how much how much music do you have on your computer
all i have about right now
i have about twelve thousand songs on the ipod
how many did you fill up a a like a sixty gig or eighty gig ipod
uh... eighty
gig you filled one up already
you need more room
that's right more room for those uh... those uh...
uh... del vikings outtakes
i'll dole vikings
the ronette
let's look for
the shanguilah
quality stuff
jz
now i don't think it is now what
i don't think it is what about a bianc
now i think that
Okay, but you like Snoop Dogg.
Nah.
You don't?
Nah.
Who's a contemporary artist that you like?
There's gotta be one.
Actually there's none.
There I'm into.
What about Amy Beartent?
Never heard of her.
Well no, it's Amy Winehouse. I'm doing one of your...
horrifying jokes.
I just like the one song that she's done.
She thought we had one head, really.
Yeah.
There's got to be a contemporary artist that you like.
No, I can't think of anything.
No?
No?
No.
Really?
Yeah.
Spike?
FMU, you're on the air.
Spike?
Oh, I'm sorry. Hello, Tom.
Patrick's here. Can I talk to Spike, please? Spike? Spike, don't run away, you sissy. Hey, Spike.
Spike, here, boy. Spike? Hello? Spike, where are you? This is not Spike, this is Ben Crock.
Ben Crock. Ben Crock. Ben Crock. That is correct. Where did you come from? I was in my house.
Buzzed in. Oh, by home. By a social producer Mike. Oh, and I did not know I was buzzing to the Fredericks show.
And Fredericks is dead.
Oh.
Ben?
Hello, this is Ben.
Hi, Ben.
Welcome to Fredericks is dead.
How are you this evening?
I'm doing well.
How are you?
No, I'm not.
Well, I got a bad kind of bad muscle in the middle of my back here, hurting like hell, actually.
Making a heart to breathe.
Oh, yeah?
How long were you lifting heavy boxes or something?
I was lifting myself, actually.
I got a pull-up bar for Christmas.
Oh, okay. Okay. You overdid it.
Yeah, well, you know they say that the Marines can do 22 pull-ups in a row.
I mean, I didn't think I could do that right away, but I said,
well, you know, if I do 22 a day, you know, even if it's only like five or six at a time,
do it every day, I'll be up to 22 in no time, well.
After the second day, I've had to take a break.
Okay, so are you like a marine training for a marine? What's going on here?
No, I'm just trying to stay alive.
Okay.
You know how gravity is?
Yeah.
It's always pulling you down?
I am familiar with gravity.
Okay.
Well, my theory is since I can't hang upside down for extended periods of time, it just
doesn't work out in my day, I think I gotta keep exercising and pull into stuff back up.
Hold on a second, hold on, hold on.
I go like weeks without hanging upside down, and I'm perfectly okay with it.
Why is there something you need to do?
Mostly because when I go into the mirror, you know, I see the mirror and stuff, I sag
in places where I've never sagged before, and I'm trying to prevent it.
So if you think if you hang upside down, that's which sags down will <E.D.> up
What if I could do it?
If I could if I could do it several hours a day, you know, like if I could hang upside down eight hours a day
Yeah, I'm there you you sound like a robot
We could be robots. I wanted to bring that up today as a matter of fact. There's a topic,
but I wanted to go back to hanging upside down.
Oh, that goes again. What are you doing over here? Are you like traveling through time or
something? What is all this noise that you're creating? Wormholes. Yeah, I guess you could say
traveling through time. I think I might actually be in the same time. It's just in a different
dimension right so what what's going on here with your hanging upside down
have you got I don't have my life doesn't allow me to hang upside down so I
decide I have to exercise instead to get the same effect oh yeah fighting
against the aiding process you know I'm talking about oh yeah I don't know the
dimensions it's been my experience dude that's better with dimension
Unless you don't have a body, then you don't notice.
Yeah.
Well, you know, sometimes people try to cut corners with this stuff.
You're talking about people trying to get some money.
I keep seeing these ads.
They say, work at home.
Work at home.
They're talking about, you call off this number that you see stable to a telephone pole on your TV.
Maybe even on the radio.
And you get this kit.
And the kit says, hey, you want to make some money, you make these commercials.
He stables them on telephone post, put them on TV, play them on the radio.
You know what I heard about though that's bothering me.
It was kind of like this very made up thing that's going on at a Wall Street.
This leather jacket is good.
It's going around and getting the sights of jukebox and getting free music.
It's a Fonzie scheme.
Oh, okay. I see what you did there.
You see what it's going?
It didn't work though, huh?
No, no, no, I like what you're working on here.
It's like you spent some time, you exercise,
you take a little breather, you write some material there?
Oh, actually, no, I heard that on a program earlier
and I don't know, I think of Fonzi every once in a while,
more often lately than I have in well over a decade,
but you know how it is with those things from the past,
no, sometimes pop back up into your mind.
Oh, yeah. That happens all the time.
Can you give me an example, Ben?
You want to provide me with another example? Have you got more?
No, I wanted to give me one of yours to show that you really do know what I'm talking about.
What's left in your mind?
asked anything
and
a philosophy measure i uh...
i recognize that all the person is
hello
all
guy is like i got this
take a a a call it
i'm in touch now
we we got spike on the uh... then and friend of the show spike how are you
welcome to friend of the dead spike
yes
how would you have to do it
a lot of
rhetoric says
yeah
then like a room here for you entertain people
just come on in
all of us too
or a moving blanket
i don't have a couch or anything for you
well i don't care i know uh... you have uh...
and then of your own do you have any decorating advice for rhetoric
uh... i think he should uh...
but it quite
Howdy.
Oh, who is this?
This is Jiffley from Cincinnati.
Jiffley, what are you doing?
How are you today?
Man, I'm awesome.
How are you?
Oh, excellent.
Hey.
How are you?
Good morning, Jiffley.
Good morning, Jiffley.
I didn't expect you here this evening.
Oh, yeah, man.
I'm just killing with a plate of yummy food.
Oh, what are you eating there?
What's up, Frederick?
Oh, no.
Oh, actually Ben was curious to find out what you defined as yummy food.
Oh, if I see you and it tastes good in this, like, glummy chewy.
Chicken?
Yeah.
How'd you know?
I don't know.
Hey, Frederick, where do you come from?
No, I'm, uh,
There it goes.
Naturally, someone had to spoil it.
I think we just cleared the decks for 2008.
i feel weirdly uh...
purified now
unbelievable
unbelievable
if i'm here on the air
Hi Tom. Yes. Hey it's Mike from Malwa. Mike and Malwa, how are you Mike? I'm
doing alright that was insane. What was that uh what I just heard on the air
everybody talking about all sorts of weird stuff man. Yeah yeah I just wanted
to call to wish you a happy New Year Tom I'm real nervous when I call you so I
I don't want to mess things up.
You relax, Mike.
You relax.
That's the other thing.
Anybody, if you're listening and you're scared to call,
you're worried, you just say to me when you call.
You say, I'm a little nervous.
And you know what?
I will go so easy on you.
It'll be smooth sailing.
Smooth sailing.
So you're a little nervous, Mike.
you just relax now
i really like your show com all of that's we do you to say
appreciate everything's out in my walk
things are real nice in my walk home tonight's uh... tonight pound and
bird
what's the name of the highway that runs down the middle of uh... my walk
seventeen baby
all kinds of stuff on seventeen lot of furniture stores
yet boring part of the store
And can I add something the last week's topic or what do I kid again?
Let's hear. What do you what do you got?
I go to the bank.
I wait online in the bank.
Yeah. I think about being a kid and trying to have fun in the bank while I'm
waiting for my mom playing with the lips and stuff.
Yeah.
Not fun at all.
When I was in the kid in the bank, these were my priorities.
Number one, first and foremost, get a lollipop.
That was the goal.
i gotta leave this bank with a lollipop
i know they got him back there
i want a lollipop
if any time i left the bank without a lollipop
total ripoff
other thing second priority
hand the uh... away the transaction to the teller
can i hand it in please
may i hand it in
third priority
I'm going to play with the ropes, the velvet ropes,
dividing, kind of creating the lanes.
See if you can swing the ropes,
rrr, rrr, get them to do like a jump rope effect.
Those are my priorities at the bank.
And thank you, Mike.
You have a great new year.
You too, Tom.
FM you, you're on the air.
Hi, Tom.
Hi, who's this?
This is Lori.
From Miami, how are you?
All right, let me just say, by the way, this is WFM.
We started WXHD Mount Hope World War One, World War One, WFMU.org.
This is best show on WFMU.
My name is Tom Sharpen.
We are here until 11 p.m.
Three hours of Mirth music in mayhem, doing it as only we can do it.
Best show style.
That's right.
How'd you like that, uh, that the conversation between, uh, uh, Ben,
Fredricks, Spike, and Julie.
Wait, who's Ben?
It's a nice guy.
Guy calls once in a while.
Good guy.
Okay, okay.
Good guy.
I consider him a friend.
Yeah, yeah.
He seemed like the most normal.
He was the ringleader on that.
He was like the, uh, he was like the dick havoc.
He was a straight guy.
Yes.
Mm-hmm.
Exactly.
He was like the David Frost of that conversation.
Sure.
Did you see this movie Frost Nixon?
Uh, no.
Sounds like a great Christmas movie.
movie. Yeah, you know what? In this slate of Christmas movies, it's the most positive
thing out there. You get to see the child, the crazy molesting priest movie, you see
the Nazi movie, the other Nazi movie. There's like, oh wait, there's two Nazi movie? Yeah,
there's a, there's a Valkyrie, and then the one with the dog, right? That's like a Nazi
thing. Marley and me? Oh, I don't know if the dog was a reincarnated Nazi. No, that's
well, that's not that's that's silly for you to say that. But I think one of the people
and I thought that Owen Wilson played a Nazi in it. Oh, oh, not sure. I gotta check on
that one. I gotta check my guild screeners. So what's going on, Lori? What did a Lori
you get as a nice holiday surprise.
I got un-bunny.
And what is that?
It's a record, groggy, noisy, punk.
I don't know that one.
Un-bunny.
Yeah.
Don't know it.
Mm-hmm.
Is it good?
And you know, other things, some Sarah records, 7 inches, which, you know, I kind of have
been trying to fill out my collection, but I had a belated O family entry.
Oh, you know what I'm going to say tonight? Anyone since it's we are in the midst of
the holidays. Yes, trap between the two holidays. Anyone who has a story about their family
is welcome to call during the whole show. That is an open topic throughout the entire
program. Oh family, anyone wants to call with it? You call with it, 201-209-9368. So let's
hear your story, Lori. Okay, so my brother's back in town and you know how the family gathers
around the TV and watches some nice family entertainment. Sure. Well you want to know his
idea of a good clean family entertainment is? What's that? Season one of the wire.
season one of the wire yes that's what he wanted to watch with everybody yeah he
wanted everyone in the family to watch it how did that go um it's going I think
uh my mother and I were enjoying it dad not so much he's not keen on
violent but your family look I'm not gonna go labor this point this is like
look at the other side of the tracks for you guys. Move and sheltered from these people,
your whole lives. That's not true. Sure you go down and you get your coke from them, right?
No. They're fine when they're selling you coke. But God forbid you welcome them over
for a nice New Year's Eve party at your mansion.
I assure you that's not what our family is like.
Okay.
Yeah.
So your family is not, you're not the blue bloods.
No, we're more like the new Vohreesh.
Okay.
Yeah.
so uh... so uh... so you see you're sitting there watching season one of
the wire
yeah family
get together
and everybody's like
and what what your brother think is going to happen with everybody's gonna
want to keep watching it
uh... i i think you're supposed to watch all of it in season two yeah
let's put season two somebody go by season two right now
i'm sure we can find a store open that's selling season two
Or I'll rent it from a Blockbuster.
Yeah.
Let's hurry down and rent four discs from Blockbuster.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Well, Laurie, that is a perfect O-family.
Yeah, what are you going to say?
What are you going to say?
Yeah.
I'm going to say O-family.
Thank you for that.
And thank you, and I wish you the happiest of Happy New Year's.
Happy New Year to you, too.
Oh, well, thank you.
Bye.
by the way i got a gift from the uh... from the collective uh... that are the
friends of tom
i get this thing sent to me
the painting a giant painting
of me
beautiful painting in a liroi neiman style
of me wearing a crown
framed
this is the most amazing thing i've ever seen
i'm sorry mike was that
i don't know how large that is is it uh... twenty four inches high maybe
beautiful
i got this painting of me now
unbelievable
i could have cried when i thought
i now
have been
immortalized
400 years from now, this painting will reside in the finest of museums
and people will wonder who was that.
And then someone will say, I knew who that guy is, in 2014.
He was the first person killed by a spaceship
when it landed on him.
and apparently he also hosted a radio show
fm you you're on the air
it up this is ramping greenpoint
ramsi in greenpoint of this
this is a quality caller
well thank you
how are you tonight ramsi
i'm good how are you
not doing okay people want to go to a fun website you know where you go
ramsi
s e s s dot com
i would have to agree
this guy
It's got delivers on this.
It's got delivers.
It's got all kinds of videos up there.
It's got fun comments.
It's good stuff.
You also catch this guy on Twitter once in a while.
Yeah.
I invented that into the website, too.
So we call it a one-stop shop.
People go to ramsys.com.
You'll find everything you need to know about Ramsay.
That's right.
And meanwhile, this Twitter race between Omar,
omar for the number four life
at twitter versus a p mike the associate producer of this program
it's two people separating these guys
omar's got two hundred
mike has a hundred ninety eight
i'm friends with both do i have to pick one of the other no you have both
who could who couldn't have both
with these two guys
yeah i don't know what what's up with those two
they are they're like bookends old friends bookends
that's right
a mike
you find that uh... simon garfunkel
old friends bookends
so what can i do for you tonight ramsi
uh...
when i was looking to the podcast a couple weeks ago i regretted not
listening live when the old family was on to jump at the chance to participate
let's hear it
uh...
this would actually happen when i was younger
uh...
my dad and i were driving in the car
and uh... the cat in the cradle song came on
and version uh... jim crocheter ugly kid joe
jim croche jim croche
uh... and he said hey i want you to hear the song i want you to listen closely
and uh... so we kind of sat in silence listening to the song the entire ride
or not the entire right but the full song
and then when it was over
uh... he said
so do you hear that
son was too busy to hang out with his dad. But that kind of missed the point of every
other verse up until that point. Yeah. The dad was busy. The dad was blowing the kid off
left and right. And then finally, the kid gets his own life in the final 30 seconds of
the song. What comes around goes around dad. What comes around goes around. But that was
The whole lesson of that song for me, I had to ignore the other 80% of that song.
So your dad was ignoring the part where the dad was just way too busy to be a part of
the kid's life?
Exactly, yeah.
The part where the dad kind of gets what's coming to him.
Yeah, well, that's, yeah, exactly.
It's just desserts.
Exactly.
Just desserts, dad.
You got what you had coming to you.
It's a hard world.
It's a hard world, Ramsey.
People have stuff to do. People do have stuff to do. Well thank you for that
Randy. That was a great call and that was a classic old family. Happy New Year.
Happy New Year to you too. You have a great night. You do.
This is Mike and Elmore.
Sitting on a park bench together, until some cop chase is in the way.
staring at a dog park without dogs.
There's the two weirdos without dogs watching the dog park.
That's as weird.
I'm sorry.
Go to the dog park, you stare at dogs in our yards,
you do it for two minutes.
You love dogs that much, go get one.
Beyond that, go get a dog, then you come to the dog park.
I'll stop it.
I don't want, I have serious that makes insane, I seriously got to get somebody new in that
chair. 2008, one more change. Let's make one more. Seriously, anybody out there? You go
Go to friendsatom.com, you get in touch with me.
I got a change, that chair, he's yelling, what if your dog just died, where does that
come from?
Where does that come from?
FMU, you're on the air.
Tom?
Yes.
Oh wow, that was quick.
Lightning around here.
Yeah, hi, this is listener Scott T, I'm a little nervous.
uh... it's got how are you
i'm okay how are you called before you called before
i know i just got to get nervous every time i usually
usually whispering at work because i'm usually working now but i have a day
off tonight
very talented artist
tepplin
dot com i believe
is your website
speaking of artist i have a quick old family for you
let's hear it
uh...
i was uh... home visiting my parents
And I was home for Thanksgiving, and so we're all together.
This isn't this year, but a few years ago.
And my cousin's wife found out that I was an artist,
and she asked me if I would make something for her.
And I came along with my whole family.
I said, sure, what are you interested in?
I can do a limited amount of stuff.
And she said that her friend had these really cool,
wooden spoons hanging in her kitchen.
Could I make her some wooden spoons?
And I didn't know what to tell her.
I don't know anything about making wooden spoons.
That's my whole thing.
So, like you're supposed to be an all-encompassing craftsman.
Yeah, I think when people hear that,
you know, you're an artist that you can do,
You can paint portraits, you can do landscapes.
Needle point, man-y theory.
Yeah.
What do you think your Martha Stewart?
Yeah, so I just politely said to myself, or said to her,
sorry, I don't know how to do that.
Scott, that's a good one.
But mostly what I wanted to call in for is to thank you
for doing what you do.
spent a lot of time alone in the studio and you're one of the highlights of my
three-hour shifts there. Oh well that's that's nice of you to say I
appreciate that. So keep it up Tom thank you Scott and you have a great
2009. Right back at you. Thank you. Thank you. FMU you're on the air. Hi this is
Dan from Franklin?
Dan from Franklin, Franklin, New Jersey.
New Jersey, yes, yes.
How are things in Franklin, New Jersey tonight?
They're pretty nice tonight.
Mom, you know, I heard you were looking for someone in that chair.
Yeah, I am.
Just email me off the air.
Can't talk better than the air.
Oh, OK.
OK.
but um...
i just want um...
i heard someone's mentioning uh... website about a lot of fun before
and
uh... they were mentioning a website that was a lot of fun to visit
ramsy asked or something yes ramsy asked dot com
yeah like a party over there
oh wow really yes really
you try on that
but i'll definitely check that one out
uh... but i do it
So my personal website I have, it's just like the best website I have.
I'm not giving websites, this is not the website fair.
Did I say?
Tonight's topic.
What's your website?
Good point, Mike.
I don't like that guy's got a little all about Eve going on.
guy's already like, hey, I got a website. I put him in Mike's chair. This is my nightmare
scenario. This is the nightmare. I will lay out right now. I can, Mike. I get someone
in here. I can him. Don't get out. And don't ever come back. Then get the new guy in the
chair it's going great. Then the new guy goes south and then I go oh my god. Mike is the
best one out there. Then I got a crawl back to Mike. I can only imagine where the show
would land. The terms this guy would throw at me. You like the opening theme? Forget it.
Bruno S we're going to hear him play accordion music for a half hour the terms Mike's going to come up with
Michael be doing the phoneers with the
The the the old the natives from
From the the Fitzcarral though documentary burden of dreams
That's why I'm keybag, I think I might have to keep Mike here.
In all seriousness, Mike has been a blessing to this show.
He fell from the skies and landed in the chair, 15 feet away from me, and the best show would
not be the best show without the invisible hand that operates behind it
mike
seriously
like clapping in here
clapping
here
we love you mike
a topic
finally
Here it comes.
Highs and lows of 2008.
That's a simple one.
Everyone can participate.
201-209-9368.
Topic is on the table.
Let's do this.
201-209-9368.
Beshoe does not go softly into 2009. 2008 to 2009. This is no shrinking violet.
Beshoe goes strong.
Twitter race is ridiculous between Mike and Omar. Omar is at 201. He's at 202.
What are you at? You're at 202, almost at 201, Mike takes the lead. The topic,
highs and lows of 2008, 201, 209, 9368, FMU, you're on the air. Hello Tom. Hi,
who's this? Oh, great. Anything, you have something for the topic tonight? Oh, yes.
Let's hear it. Oh, the highs of 2008. A new resident that can speak English.
That's right.
Oh.
You excited?
Oh, of course.
Give me one of the lows.
Oh, that silly virus posing for the magazine.
Why would we expose to that?
What?
Silly virus.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
Oh, the Han Panaman Tanner check.
Silly, Miley Silly, I can't roll with this, well, what is this? Mad magazine? I gotta be
ready with these. Do I look like Dave Berg? Do I look like you're talking to Sergio Aragonis
here? No. Is this the lighter side of? Am I Roger Coputnik? FMU, you're on the air.
Hi. Tom? Yes. Hi. How are you? I'm doing okay. Who's this?
Louisa. Louisa, where are you calling from? From Brooklyn.
Louisa from Brooklyn. What's going on in Brooklyn tonight?
Tonight's pretty quiet. I think people are gearing up waiting saving their energy for
tomorrow night maybe
but i'm a person caller
and uh...
i'm calling because well i'm not going to pull the beans i made a resolution
new year's eve last year to call your show and finally last tuesday of the
year i'm doing it
you're getting it done you have now fulfilled your new year's resolutions
one of them
and eight
okay well congratulations that's great bad better late than never better late
than never
right
so uh...
uh... i have something for topic
all right i can't wait to hear for the topic being highs and lows of two thousand
eight
and i you're like this one because one of the things that comes to mind is um...
i was able to see
still less who was the big player with grateful debt from you know ever
he did fifteen nights at the nokia theater is this
November I was able to get in for free with backstage passes and it's a big deal
because I used to be a big deadhead and I haven't seen any live dead stuff for
like 20 years. Okay so what that was really fun. Well what are some what are
one of the highs of 2008 then. Exactly. It's not just focus on the negative
stuff. You went to a Phil Lesh concert and went backstage. Have you ever been to a
a Phil Lesh concert? Yes. I have not. Well, you should try it before you knock it. I don't
need to try that. I think I'm free to knock away. You are. But remember, let me tell
you, I'm a little nervous. I'm in the clip. You know, I'm gonna have to take that back
off the table. I gotta, but you know what? All right, you're nervous. That's fine. Tonight
it still works. I've heard enough Grateful Dead. Unless Phil Lesh is doing something
completely different from the grateful dead
no in fact he's not in fact that's what some friends that's like what if you
really want to hear dead-sounding music you have to hear phil lush because all
the other band members actually play completely well completely different
they have a different
little bit different sound
but we can talk about something else
but i'm also you know finished i just had to call in
uh... you look this is great
i'm glad you had a great time at the concert
i'm glad you made the call before two thousand eight ended
and luis i salute you
uh... thank you thank you because
well yeah thank you very much and uh...
what your plan for new years no many
fun dance parties that would all be invited to
uh... what i'm gonna do on new year's eve
ever generally every year i rent out of that thing it's like a
it's one of those stretch limos it has a pool in it
have you ever seen those
no but does have karaoke
it does not have karaoke
but i generally drive around uh... the five boroughs
in my stretch limo
uh... shouting from the uh... son of from the uh... uh... the sun roof
which at night is a moon roof
you see me
yelling
happy new year
and uh... throwing confetti on everyone
we usually drive it right into times square
like at twelve twelve oh eight
we drive right through the middle of the crowd
they just part for you right now they don't
we usually hit the week
they they will usually just mow people down
like that's right two thousand well now we've generally we've we bump them
it's like a cowcatcher
that'll get them out of the way
most likely a little yes central nudge all it's a part that's a little bit of
limo with tom sharp lane that's right
all the weeks that sounds like a good time mike is saying i got to move on
well good luck to you happy new year and maybe i'll call again sometime i hope
you do
thanks luisa
fm you're on the air
hi tom
hi who's this
this is power caller erica from Baltimore that's right
how are you tonight erica
i'm excellent great show
oh thank you
but the cleansing was a little harsh though that was hard to go through but
i i did feel a little bit better yes we got them all over with it once yes
It was harsh, though, but it was quick, so it was good.
It's like pulling a Band-Aid off.
Yeah, exactly.
It's like pulling four Band-Aids off at one, three Band-Aids.
I'm not going to throw Ben under the bus here with that crew there.
Ben actually did an admirable job of hosting that segment.
Yes, he did.
I tipped my hat to him.
Thank you, Ben.
So do you have something for the topic, Erica?
Yes.
Well, my low was that one of my cats got sick,
and it was back and forth to the vet for months,
and she's got a condition now,
and she has pig medicine, so that was a downer.
That's a good one.
Yeah, it was, it was.
But my high was that my boyfriend proposed to me,
so I'm engaged in that.
Ooh, congratulations.
Thank you.
That's fantastic.
It was a high point in my life, so there you go.
did you say did you set a date
uh... yet yet next november
next november
so uh... and where where will it be
uh...
i'm not going to uh... i'm not going to divulge that what's that is it going to be
involved i'm not saying where i was going to be a lot more yet to be involved
for here i think i'm going to tell everybody is it
yes show up here
it's going to be a great party
four p a four p and every show up
this is not this is not this is not wedding crushers i'm not going to send
people through your wedding
that it was good he proposed in front of like uh... two hundred people
at our at our fancy company christmas party so and that's awesome
he's a rock star so that's it yeah that's great he didn't uh...
i thought you're going to say he proposed that he got dandy can to propose for
you
who no no he's not a fan
sing some song
some dumb uh...
childish song
now you just put the button laptop you have to think that it leaves the room
yeah exactly
well congratulations erica and uh... on getting engaged it's fantastic
thank you
and you're gonna have a new year to you're gonna have an exciting two thousand
nine
uh... it's going to be busy
yeah
yes
alright let's talk to you later
fm you you're on the air
oh yeah hi who's this
Dan from Ottawa, Canada.
Dan from Ottawa, Canada.
How are you?
I'm doing great.
How are you?
I'm doing all right.
Good to hear.
Thanks.
I got a question for you, and I got a suggestion
for the lowest points of the year.
Let's hear it.
My suggestion would be Spike saying, silly virus.
That's a low point of the year?
Yeah.
I would agree with that.
That might be the low point of 2008.
It just happened seven minutes ago.
It was kind of out of the blue.
Yeah.
And he thought we could all roll with it.
That's the weird part.
He makes these phrases up,
and he must have these conversations in his head
that he thinks everyone is following.
Ah, we should call his, what nickname should we give
Miley Cyrus?
Oh, I don't know.
Let's put our heads together.
How about silly virus?
Oh, that's a good one.
Everyone's gonna like that.
uh... you did it against bank
then he just thinks we all know it already
uh... and i got a question for you hope it's here
so it's a little trivial but it's a pretty good that
indicator of what kind of person a person is
if you ever become a grandparent
yes uh... would you go by title as in grandpa
name title as in the grandpa tom
or like a
kind of weird puppet name like grim drama i go by a p paul
I'd probably go by people.
Not afraid by any sort of misinterpretations of the name?
Look, I don't know how you weirdos do that up in Canada.
I'm a little vulgar.
Yes.
Look.
We here in America are getting ready to celebrate something called New Years.
We follow a calendar that is about to end and another one's about to begin.
I don't know what's going on up there, but I would appreciate you not tarnishing
our American holidays. Good day, sir.
FMU you're on the air
it's uh... this is me from st. Paul
nay from st. Paul how are you tonight
do our area tonight
doing okay
and now i have a
low point that i'd like to get you first because that way i can get to the
high point afterwards because we are talking about high points and low points
of two thousand eight
yeah i wanted to get to the high point at the end so i could end on a positive
note but first uh... the low point
uh... this was the year i tried to convince myself
I used to follow basketball pretty frequently, like the NBA, and I kind of fell out with
it for some reason or another.
I can't quite put my finger on.
And then I just said, well, you know, I think this year is the year to follow the Minnesota
Timberwolves.
Yeah, good choice.
Yeah, that's good.
Great choice.
You have a good feel for the game.
There, yeah.
They're my local team.
I should support them by watching them lose 14 consecutive games.
I don't know when they come down, they beat the Knicks though. That gets them on target.
Oh, yeah, I suppose that's kind of a start.
And then the high point actually is what I really wanted to get to, which was the fantastic debut,
same day debut of, or creation and debut of the world is in the Turlet by Ted Leo and the pharmacist.
That was a true highlight of 2008 when Ted Leo and the pharmacists started the show and said this is what we're going to do.
You guys write some lyrics for a song and then we will do the music and record it and have it done before the end of the show.
We finished the lyrics on the air. 90 minutes later, a file pops up on my computer.
And this song, which was so fantastic, was available for all the world to hear.
I will forever be touched by that moment. That was radio magic.
And they pulled it off despite my terrible, terrible first suggestion.
Which was what?
It was something about, like, it sounds like a really bad Rob Zondi leader, I don't even
remember it anymore.
Oh, I remember.
Yeah, you tried to ruin the song.
Yes, and then I called back and apologized and accidentally came up with a chorus.
Which was, what was the line you came up with?
Well, I said, oh, this song sounds like it's about the world going down the toilet and
then you're like, oh, how about that's the chorus?
and I agreed and I kind of felt like that one reporter
for the one British newspaper who wrote that article
about potholes and blackburn, Lancashire, and things.
No one thought, hey, let's drop that.
The thing that made that song pop
from this exchange we're talking about here
is not the world, it's the world's in the toilet.
that's what made this thing leap off the page and into everyone's musical
hearts you have a great night young man I appreciate it we did it together we
are going down in radio history thank you Nate you're welcome thank you FM you
you're on the air hey Tom hi who's this hey this is Menda and New Brunswick who
manda manda that's right
emmy nd a you've got your own
all right well how are you tonight manda
i'm doing all right
i got a high and a low for you that coincide at the same same point in the
universe
well what is that
i'm uh... one of the strange breed of a record collector
and uh...
i happened upon
a uh... ad in the newspaper for some records that were for sale and i ended
up
into say
in the house now when i arrived at the house
of about
two houses away when i smelled something
and i i said no they can't be
when i entered the house
almost fell over
it was such an intense odor in this house
they were records piled
florida ceiling to the whole house seven-inch records
of course for me i this was a dream for me you know i uh...
i spent the next eighteen hours for about forty years
Look, I'm not going to do this filth.
This guy wants to talk about whatever is not the two live crew hour.
Do I sound like Luther Campbell?
No.
We don't do filth here.
We talk about records.
We're going to talk about Sergeant Barry Sadler.
That's the type of music we choose to highlight here,
positive songs.
201-209-9368 is a number and what did that have to do with the topic anyway
now that guy's insane he just wanted to fit that weird story into this of course
you got them unbelievable unbelievable two oh one two oh nine nine three six
eight highs and lows of two thousand eight FM you you're on the air hey damn
man you there yeah I am here hey man it's not Tyrone some booklet hey goodbye
call me man. Hey man, leave ho. First of all the guy's calling, it sounds like he's
calling on a homemade phone. Maybe get a little more travel on that phone. It's
not sharp enough. You didn't blow out my upper register of hearing that phone.
Hey that man. Hey man. Call me man. Hi, Tom. How are you? I'm fine. How are you?
Who's who's calling? This Tyrone in Brooklyn. Hey, how's it going Tyrone? It's going alright.
FMU, you're on the air. Hey, Tom. It's Ben from Wilmington, North Carolina.
How are you, Ben? I'm doing okay. How about you tonight?
tonight donor how are things in wilmington
nothing i think i don't know if it's been uh...
unseasonably warm
going well overall
why have won for the uh... family topic let's hear it
um...
it goes back to uh... thanksgiving my uh...
my uncle he's uh... he's very book smart
and uh... he's a doctor he delivers babies he's
maybe around fifty or one or fifty years old and uh...
He had his first son a few years ago.
And while we've always kind of, I guess, respected him
for being a smart guy with a prestigious job,
we kind of got to see how lacking his father's skills are.
And he's maybe around four years old,
and he's really had no guidance, I guess.
He's unchecked for that way.
And thanksgiving rolls around and sort of a big family reunion.
We all got to eat at the country club where
My grandfather is a member and this is a nice place and several families they
They do this kind of thing. Well, let me see. Well, how nice of a place is this? Okay
Forks knives and spoons
Yeah, yeah, okay pass that to forks
To forks. Yeah, I want to be a long for it's one of the short forks cloth napkins
cloth napkins
Do you get up and get your own food?
food. It is a buffet. Not so fancy after all, eh? Operation fancy. Okay, let's talk all
about your fancy restaurant experience. Now, what did you get at this fancy restaurant?
Did you go up and serve yourself some little barbecue ribs and then butterfly shrimp?
They have to barbecue didn't have me shrimp. They were lean on the the seafood
I may have been the economic downturn come most fancy buffets usually don't have any shrimp
What kind of all right you go ahead? I'm not gonna be smurched this buffet of yours
It's fantastically
Fancy experience you had were you wearing a suit? I wasn't now. Well sweater and tie that kind of thing all right
You know what sounds fancy enough?
That's enough.
And the buffet may have been to sort of, I guess, the good deal of families that show
up to this place.
It's sort of like a traditional kind of thing, I guess.
We've done it for the past few years, but never with my uncle and his kid.
So like I said, several families are there, and this is maybe a good 300 people in this
big dining room.
And uh, uh, everybody's trying to...
Here goes the kid, right?
Here goes the kid.
Here goes the kid.
Everybody's trying to enjoy their thanksgiving meal and peace in this kid.
Four years old tore that place apart.
And uh, I figured his dad was up to looking after him and paying attention to him.
I'm eating and the kid comes up to me and he's holding the fire poker from the big fireplace
across the dining room.
And I don't really know him well enough to reprimand him.
in front of my uncle
so i just kind of pass it along that you know my uncle might want to
check this out yeah
not madman style you don't slap them like on madman
no no no
i haven't seen a show
i never thought
there's a show called madman
they slap kids on this thing
um... most shocking thing i ever saw wasn't even his own kid
that a birthday party and some kids running out of control
it was like a birthday party to madman's house
This guy's like, hey, slow down.
He slaps the kid right in the face.
And then the madman comes in the room and just goes,
eh, yeah, you watch out.
He says to the kid.
That's how it used to be in the past.
But so you see this kid with a fire poker.
How old is this kid now again?
He is 4.4.5.
And he's running around something
that is a sharp object.
Right.
Made of metal.
Yes.
Heavy.
Heavy.
out of his league in terms of maneuvering and
and and and and uh...
kind of
carrying it
that's the way away out of his as a as realm of of uh... ability
it it should be unwieldy for a cut of his yes
but uh...
pass along that you know you might want to look at this and he does you think
it's it's hilarious and it's really cute
And this is sort of after a few minutes of him kind of
acting up and running off.
And this thing kind of keeps happening for the next 20
minutes.
And I'm feeling, I guess, kind of uncomfortable.
And I'm not insecure, but I don't like to be in the
spotlight or party into something that I might also
think is annoying.
Sure.
Just to wrap it up, I finished my plate and I glanced around
and he's gone again.
And I look over at my uncle and he's just kind of enjoying
a piece of pie and completely oblivious and so we, my family, we kind of give my uncle
to the dirty, disappointing kind of look and a couple minutes pass and nothing, there's
no kid.
So we from across the room, this is after a couple minutes, across the room with all
these other people, all these, you know, tables giving us this, this breathing looks to kind
to hear across the room this grand piano going nuts and uh...
banging on the low notes and we kind of take that as our our cue to uh...
of areas
and that that kind of get i guess became our uh...
exit music
and uh... i i was so embarrassed
from my grandfather here
he's looking at you like an eighty-five-year-old guy is a member of the
country club the past
if you're so years and exactly this race at the country club
It was a good mix of races there. Yeah
It was all kinds of white people there, right?
Unless it's the people serving you, right? Right? Right?
You owe you racist
I got my blood bone now. I'm so in the flesh right now. I'm so in the flesh from that racist
F. M. You're on the air. Hey, Tom. Hey, who's wrong again? Who? I wrote again. Hi, Tyrone.
How are you? Great. How are you? I'm doing good. I'm doing good. Yeah. First of all,
your phone connection sounds a little better. Thank you for that. Yeah, no problem. You know,
I was calling in about to highs and lows. Sure. What do you have for me? Oh, my hi. You know,
Obama becoming president one in honor it is for a first black president to
become oh oh man I don't know if you feel the same but I'm quite honored by
the fact that he's become president yes I am I'm excited about that also it's
quite different you know not not every day a black person comes around you know
what not every day not every day that they are black black man becomes president
yeah well it's not every day anyone becomes president well I guess that's
kind of true but I know what you look I know what you mean I know what you mean
Tyrone absolutely bad after 200 years I'm with you it was a it was a it was
something we will be able to say this happened on our watch we did it we
You need to go to hell, man.
Exactly.
Ooh, all right.
All right, so my low.
Yes.
Actually happened a couple of minutes ago.
I don't know, that crazy caller, that kid who called in
before something about meatspin.com.
My god, I went to that website.
It is appalling.
What website?
heave hoe
jeepers creepers what's going on tonight
that is the worst website ever
shocking
that plug-in is that what is this website hour
has given their websites out
it's sick you know what it does it degrades the show
there's a radio show it's it's special this is not a business is not some
internet party
there's not some internet uh... little club here we're doing a radio show now
i got
no time for this big time
look you want a party you go over to uh... twitter dot com slash sharpling
at the party
or friends of tom dot com
those are party sites
but there's not about giving website addresses out
sick to my stomach with this stuff
wrong with these people
fm you you're on the air
hi tom
hi who's this
hi this is Greg from Lancaster Pennsylvania
Greg from Lancaster Pennsylvania how are things out there tonight
oh pretty good pretty quiet
wait it's quiet in Lancaster Pennsylvania hold on a minute
imagine that
you've got how are you listening to the uh... show
by the way
through a uh... with no power up stream
out with no power
to some of that i don't have someone battling a bike right now
i have my dog on a wheel in the other way that's okay
if you're doing your dog running
you've like a little uh... like pork chop hanging off a thing he's chasing
after it
well i have my uh... victory farms uh...
you know gift that that i got so uh... they come in handy for that
Yeah, so that you, now out in Lancaster, what does one do on a Saturday night, for example,
in Lancaster?
I was afraid my call might start out like this.
It's all right.
No, we're just, you're painting the picture is all you're doing.
You're painting the picture.
Mm-hmm.
Now, believe it or not, there are a number of places here to go for entertainment other
than barn dancing and stuff like that.
but uh... it's pretty much limited to bars unfortunately
uh... but we do have one good music venue
that has occasional shows uh...
you've a review of a raised a barn
uh... no
in your life now
i've uh... see it
seen it reenacted by animatronic uh... sort of
robot things like uh... wax figures but i've never actually participated or
seen it live
do you want to be a part of a barn raising
Not really. The closest I came to that is working on my uncle's tobacco farm and that was good when you were 15 for a part-time job.
But, you know, I don't need to do more manual labor, I don't think.
I hear you. I hear you.
So what do you, let's get to the meat of the call, so to speak. Do you have something for the topic?
well i uh... was calling with a simultaneous high and low of two thousand eight
all i can't wait let's hear it
uh...
actually related to uh... what you were talking about happening here in like
history
uh... we had a visit from sera palin during her campaign
at the uh... local baseball stadium
and uh...
so right off the bat that was my low
uh... and to combat that low i went out to uh... pulled up obama signs by the
road by the by the stadium while it was taking place. How did that go over? Well
that also feeds into why it was a low in that there were about 10 people outside
the stadium compared to the I don't even know what the crowd was maybe 20,000
people inside the stadium. So it was a low given that I knew so many people were
going to show up
yet that this is a uh... conservative area
and uh... given the fact that i'm not someone who
generally you know i'm not given to political protest
but i knew that i had to do it
look you did the right thing
you put your money where your mouth is you got outside that arena
you know it's not a popular stand out there Lancaster
it was scary
so these guys walking around out here well bomber signs
i said i see two mccain signs
in new york
could you imagine what would happen if you walked down uh...
down uh... fifth avenue wearing a mccain hat
that would uh...
it would probably be scarier than being here with an obama
we did get a few uh... approving honks
so that was heartening
sakla otherwise being out there in a on a gloomy morning
uh... you know just added to the negative feeling of the whole thing
if mccain had won
this country would have ended already
though i would be uh... completely depressed did you see that map that some
russian dude drew up saying that america's going to enter a civil war
he divided the country up into like four sections first of all i gotta say
if this is how it goes down i'm cool with it
the section where it is pretty good we end up as part of like the european uh...
the u
i'm okay with that
this whole area
i'll do that
then like the south uh... region is part of mexico and then uh...
the north is part of canada and then like the
there's like this california union which i guess is its own
section
it uh... it would certainly be a shame to see the uh... the unity that's been
sustained as long
dissolve but uh... but i i agree with you in that it wouldn't be a horrible
thing but we would be there already if mccain had won we would have we would
be like
if you want to make it if you if you're in new jersey you want to make a phone
call
to uh... to uh... like uh... colorado that would be a call you might as well be
calling uh...
uh... uh... kenya
right right
the different country now
i see what you mean it would have been more polarized yes it would have
happened already do you do but you know what
you did it you put your money where your mouth is i salute you for that and i
hope you have a great
two thousand nine
i hope you have one to thank you
fm you you're on the air
hello
uh...
hi this is hug man in hollywood oh hi hug man
all man i'm nervous
Well, you know what, if you're nervous, maybe you don't call it the name Hug Man.
You've already put yourself, you've got two strikes already, Hug Man.
Where'd that nickname come from?
Because it's part of my last name.
So you thought that Hug Man would just, that I'd be like, oh, that's a cool name.
No, it's just, it's just my name.
No, it's not your name.
Well, it's my nickname.
Your name, yeah, thank you, it's your nickname.
Should I use my regular name?
It's too late for that hug, man.
So let's see.
Look, hug, man, I'm going to give you the benefit of the doubt.
You might be able to fix this.
Okay.
Let's see what you got, hug, man.
Do you have anything for the topic?
Well, I was hoping I could do O-Family.
Oh, let's hear it.
Okay.
It's kind of a long story, so I'll try and stick to the main points.
See if I can, uh, please do, hug, man.
Please check myself here.
start a hug the main points
i will i will okay so my wife's brother-in-law and his family are visiting us
uh... couple summers ago yes and just give you a little background on
my wife's brother-in-law
he claims to have trained with the navy seals before anyone in the family
knows him
he had the bad back before anyone in his family knew him
before anyone in in my wife's okay okay including his wife
and he had a bad back which uh...
is reportedly from falling forty feet out of the helicopter
and landing on his back and breaking his back but again no one
currently who knows him is
can verify that no one can back up any of this insanity
that this guy's talking about
and so uh...
he spent the first few days let me just let me just say is he like
does he regale you with stories like
this is how it went hook man
oh yeah he was watching military channel week showing his daughter's
you know
well maybe field programs and referring to the terrorist as the bad guy so this is
how it is the first couple days of the
of the of the of the holiday
yes he's walking around our house and he's pointing out all my shortcomings as
man of the house
like you know uh... squeaky door here you know all these things that need
fixing
and so he's uh...
he's like we know we're going to go to a deep over we're gonna
we're going to get all the supplies we need to fix all these things
yeah i'm like great
little did i know we do half of all these jobs and i'd have to finish them all
not knowing what i was doing after he left
so hug man left some unfinished business
no hug man's wife's brother-in-law
will call him
will call him jate i'm sorry you're right hug me you're you're hug man
yeah i am hug man
for better or worse
look i'm sad like again hug man
i apologize i'm so caught up with his name hug man
when you started and you don't take this the wrong way
when you started talking about the the
dimwit in the story
but i immediately made the connection i feel that that his name was hug man
well you're clearly not a dimwit
you're an okay guy
okay
fair enough okay so they'll hug man's sisters brother-in-law
no my my wife's brother-in-law
okay your wife's brother-in-law
which i i could he's not anything my brother
anyway i know he's second we're not
we're not hugging the main point sure okay let's let's
well okay fair enough so
so he drags me to home depot and i don't like going anywhere
particular in public with this guy
because he
like his typical outfit is like
what what are those athletic shirts are they called
under armor that the brand yes
so who were like those shirts like tucked in the cargo shorts
and uh... huge fanny pack full of implements
in a safari app is a far ahead
and so
going out in public with him period i'm not looking forward to but especially a
trip to home depot so we go to home depot that under armor stuff that is the
ugliest stuff i've ever seen it looks like all
it looks like bootleg wu tang clan uh...
memorabilia cuz that logo looks like a knockoff of the wu tang clan
Exactly. Imagine it tucked in with nothing else on.
Okay, so we walk into the Home Depot and he looks at me and he goes,
so Jason finally came clean on what happened on our wedding day.
And Jason is my wife's brother.
And so I'm like, okay, what happened?
and he goes
i was in the garage working on the hoopa
that which caught that's what the
alter thing that you have married
under i think that's what they call it
uh... well i see what you're saying all right
like that but the thing you get married under if you were of the jewish
persuasion precisely the chosen people get married under a hoopa
yes they do
and he made his own
So he's like, you know, I'm in the garage, you know, with any names that drill bit.
He's using it.
Apparently it's a real impressive drill bit.
That's very dangerous because, and Jason came in the garage with a super-soaker.
And, uh, and I just looked at him and I said, Jason, you can shoot me with that super-soaker.
But if you do, I'm going to hit you.
And you will go down, and you will probably not get up for some time.
Who is your, is your, is this guy the foot fist way guy?
Sort of, yeah, he could be.
And this is the story of how he got his nickname, which he doesn't know he has, but it's, it's
better than Hug Man, I guess.
And so anyway, he goes, so, so I look at him, you know, and he says that.
And so Jason's still kind of, he's looking at me, he's got this look in his eye, like
he's going to squirt me, and he starts looking real squirrely and he says to me, what makes
you think you can take me?
And so I said, Jason, let me put it to you this way.
How many fights have you been in in your life?
And Jason goes, well, no, and so I look him in the eye and I say, Jason, I have literally
been in one thousand fights.
And that is his nickname, thousand fights.
That's his secret nickname behind his back.
Yes, exactly.
Oh, that is awesome.
There's a prologue to the story, if I might.
I'm a look hug man. Let me just say it right off the bat hug man. Please accept my apologies
Thank you for for be smurching you and your nickname your nickname is cool now
Hug man equals good stories
Thank you, so tell me about thousand fights. What happened with that? What is that?
Sorry, I have about five stories from this visit, but I'll try and like dole them out over the course of my calling
Yes. The ventures of hug man and thousand fights. Yes. And so he's just told me
this he just said the thousand fights part which I did the math and that
equals over a fight a day for his adult life but anyway so and then he goes and
then I gave him this little shoulder check and he goes do you know how to do
that and right we're in the like the tool corral of the Home Depot where they
like the screwdrivers and stuff yeah and uh... you mean it like yeah you mean a
fight a week
yeah for his adult life not a fight a day
um... i don't remember i don't remember that
like physically impossible
yeah yeah it's insane it's insane he says so you're in the you're in the aisle
now the
or next to the screwdrivers really they kind of keep it boxed in so you can't
just grabbed stuff and ran out of the store,
and so he goes, so I gave him all these shoulder checks.
And he's like, you know how to do that?
And I was like, no.
And so he takes me and demonstrates this move
where he like jostles both of my shoulders and is like,
hey, you see that, you see that?
And I mean, he's just kind of like throwing me around
because he's much bigger than me.
And then he sticks his forearm in my face
and has my neck bent over sideways.
In the middle of the Home Depot,
you're like, do you preform like this?
And then that's all you disable him.
and i'm standing there and then you pause at the end of it like you know like
letting me absorb the lesson
he's got his forearm smashing my faith into my shoulder
with people now looking at you like what's wrong with this guy exactly like
what's wrong with the both of you
because i
i had to just stand there and take it
hug man
yes sir
thank you
thank you do i get to say the line
say it hug man
thousand fights
oh family
you have a great new years
hugman
oh hugman
wf m u east orange wx hd man hope worldwide on the worldwide web at wf
m u dot o r g
i'm going to send this out
We've been getting all kinds of stories all week.
I'm sending this one out to the hug, man.
Mmmmmm
Mmmmmm
Left us be lovers when we are in our fortunes together
I've got some real estate here in my bag
So we've got a pack of cigarettes, and this is when the eyes, and walked off to look for America.
It took me four days to hitchhike from Saginaw I've grown to look for America
To look for America
Laughing on the bus
Many games with the faces
She said the man in the cavity
And so it was a spy
I said be careful
His bowtie is really a camera
Toss me a cigarette, I think there's one in my raincoat
We smoke the last one an hour ago
So I looked at the ceiling
She read from a magazine
And the moon blows over an open field.
Kathy, I must ask it, no one you should be sleeping.
I'm empty and aching, and I don't know why.
Counting the cars on the new journey turned like they've all come to America
All come to America
All come to America
That's right, Simon and Garfunkel with America, here on the best show on WFMU, 201-209-9368.
back memories that song I was just telling Mike and Evan Evan by the way
who has an exciting 2008 year-end wrap-up coming up tonight he will play the
highlights of his 2008 including audio from his trial he actually was rolling
tape during his court case, and you'll get to hear his testimony. He defended himself.
And also, as far as year-end wrap-ups go, Cherry Blossom Clinic. This Saturday, 3-6
part two of Terry T's year-end wrap-up. You can check that out. She did part one
this past Saturday, all the reissues and comps, hot stuff. Now she's gonna do all
the albums. Get ready. Saturday 3 to 6 p.m. Cherry Blossom Clinic and tonight
Evan Funk Davey. We are talking about highs and lows of 2008. The phone number
201-209-9368. I was saying that Simon Garfunkel record brings back memories
that every time I see them in concert I hold up a giant picture of the Vince
Lombardi rest stop when they do the counting the cars on the New Jersey
term pipeline and Garfunkel usually gives me a little a little thumbs up
it's pretty cool FM you you're on the air hey Tom it's Sean and Rambridge hey
Sean how are you good how you doing I'm doing okay I want to chime in on the
topic but that's okay oh yeah please high point you know probably just being
live
uh... you know i mean just making it through another year
yet you know i i guess a lot of times you don't think about that stuff
that i really
you know that the big picture
the big picture is that you you end up uh...
just appreciating
that you're that you're you're here for another year just just being here you
know i i would agree with that we get so caught up in you know the coming
and goings and whatever the minutiae you know do we just kind of lose track
of a you know I made it for another year it's great yeah and in the end that
stuff does not matter absolutely you know you don't remember any of it no
you know that's a great point yeah you know with Sean yeah yeah that's a great
point Sean oh yeah low point I'd have to say the crash the market stuff what
Like the stock market crash. No the plane crash
plane crash. Yeah, I
Don't know what you're talking about. Oh
Flight 254 at a new bridge International Airport a couple weeks ago. Mm-hmm. I'm sure you saw on the news. I
Was on it. Oh
My god. Yes, the flight that was kind of like didn't actually make it into the air. Thank god. It was one of those like
like missing the point of kind of take off, is that what it is?
Yeah, we were getting ready to take off, you know, you're kind of taxing, you're kind
of getting ready to do the take off.
And the plane just kind of lost control, I don't know what happened.
Like I said, thankfully we didn't get into the air at all and it just kind of skidded
off the runway and you know luckily there were no there's no fire no
flames but um a lot of people suffered you know some severe bruising and there
are a couple broken bones and things nothing worse thank God but it could have
been so much worse oh my god absolutely yeah you probably saw me on on the news
the day after you know I was interviewed by a got a lot of people Katie Kirk and
and brian williams you know all those people really see you were you were one
of the people
i did see a lot of coverage and all you know
uh... it was a big story away that was shocking
yeah you know i i i was
i was kind of picked it to be the the spokesman for the uh... passengers
well that that's that i guess that's a an honor well yeah it was very intense you
know so basically it fell on me to do all the you know a lot of the tv in the
radio
interviews
well that's that that i mean it was a horrible thing and it was awful
uh... and you
i'm still in shock
i can imagine i mean that's that's a real
thing that's it is i mean it's it's so devastating
uh...
just to be to really can't believe it
well you know
look you want you went through it and to be a part of that
i can only imagine what it's like to be in a situation that terrifying
it it was awful you know just you know just
uh... yeah i can't wait to scribe it just terrible
yeah i think that you know i mean just the fear of of that plane that you think
is going to go
you know uh... you know take off and then also you're in it in a
really scary situation yet
i don't know that wasn't so bad i think we all knew we were going to survive
So what, okay, what are you, what is so devastating then?
Oh, I'm talking about how I looked and sounded
on TV and the radio.
I'm sorry, I'm a little thrown off here.
You're, so you're, when you're saying everything,
so devastating.
Yeah.
You're not talking about the actual incident.
Oh no.
You're talking about what, being on television?
Yeah.
I mean it sounded like you were pretty confident that they made you know
they made you the spokesperson or you were the person though doing all the
talking well I was yeah I mean it was I was like yeah I'll do it it sounds
great you know it's not great but you know I can handle that and I'm I'm a
pretty you know I don't know charismatic guy or or whatever don't I watched it
And I listened, it's terrible, it's horrible.
What was so terrible?
Well, I don't know, I guess I never really like
noticed what I look like, you know,
like you think you look like in the mirror and stuff.
And then like when you see yourself on TV
or like out of like your normal, whatever,
sphere of visualizing or whatever, it's just different.
Well, yeah, I know what you mean. You have a different image of yourself in your mind
and then you see yourself way, way, way bolder than you think. Yeah, I thought I had like
thicker hair, like way thicker, but then just seeing yourself on, on, on camera. Yeah, through
you a little bit. Yeah, like I thought, I thought my hair was like, you know, you know, the,
The guy from Illinois, the governor or senator or whatever?
The governor.
Rod.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's nothing like that.
Well, I mean, his hair is...
It's really...
I thought mine was that thick.
Well, I don't know if anybody's can be that thick, but I...
So you thought you were a thicker, fuller head of hair and you're seeing yourself on
television.
Thickening.
Thickening.
Embarrassing.
I don't even want to get into my face.
What about your face?
Well, I kept wondering if I was really looking at myself as jowls, so droopy, like a deformed
hippo or something.
When you saw your face?
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
You know, so I, you know, I, for like the last two years, I've been growing this beard.
Uh-huh.
I knew my, my cheek, you know, my jowls were like a little, not droopy, but I knew, I knew
they were like a little-
Like full?
Exactly, yeah.
yeah so i think we're going to beard and it's like
i don't camouflage that
and it looks like just look like there's like a a dying albino
chipmunk
torso hangin off my chin or something
uh... that's that's correct
i'm sure it's not that bad
speaking of my chin
yeah good god
like the knuckle of a child pinky or something it's a week
So you have a weak chin. Oh my god, it's horrible. It's kind of horrible. Pronounce jowls. Yeah.
I mean, can you picture it? I can picture that. It's sick, isn't it? Well, I wouldn't
say it was sick. Unappetizing. Uh-huh. Well, everybody's got a, you know, they're, they're,
they're, you know, physical shortcomings. They don't have bags under their eyes like mine.
Yeah, I mean, these things could have their own zip code or
Time zone or however people describe something that's outrageously oversized
Sick I hate it. Oh, you know, I'm sure you're
You're you're you're exaggerating. I'm not though. I'm not even
I don't want to get to the worst part of it. What's that my voice
Your voice so pathetic. I mean I'm hearing you right now your voice sounds
pretty it sounds fine. No it doesn't. I thought I sounded like vintage Orson
Wells or something. Like super commanding. Yeah. I sound like a child
who's McDonald and action figures have just been taken from his lunch pail or
something. I'm hearing you right now you don't. I do but you know that leads me
Why I'm calling uh-huh. I hope this isn't getting too personal or anything. Yeah
Where do you get yours?
I'm sorry. Where do I get my what come on? You know I?
Have you can tell me come on. I have no idea what you're talking about Sean. We're both vocally challenged guys, please
well okay I what are you inferring I have your VM I don't have a voice
modulator come on it's me Sean Sean I don't I where you get it come on I don't
have one where you get it I wish I could help you but I don't come on I can hear
Are you hitting the buttons and working those toggle switches?
We all can.
Show on your way off base on this.
I'll tell you what I'd like to sound like.
What's that?
Like Kanye.
Like Kanye West?
On SNL?
Do you see it?
I did see it.
Yeah.
Kind of commanding it robotic.
Uh-huh.
Give me with the auto tune.
Exactly.
He sounds like he's using the TS 500.
You sound like you're using the TS 478.
uh... i haven't you can talk about model numbers all night long i have no
idea i know nothing about voice much of all right okay
take it can i give you my paper address
uh...
and i'd rather you didn't be over the radio or why
for the fund
what fund
my plastic surgery fund
and now
please come on what what is
First of all, Sean, I think you need to maybe go back to what you had said and appreciate
the fact that you're doing well.
I'm not doing well though, I'm doing well and I'm still breathing.
You said that you wanted to appreciate 2008 that you're still here in theory I do.
which i think is it i think is uh... an admirable thing and i think that's
that's great you know what's also great what's that what would be great i
should say
my job is placement surgery
i don't know
well what what is jowl displacements but it's a very it's a very exciting new
technique
they take the fatty tissue from your cheeks yeah
For me, it's actually more like a fatty beach towel.
And they take that blubber and they inject it into my weak chin.
And also my calves, because they're so pathetic too.
You've kind of narrowed up.
Oh, I don't even want to get into it.
I saw a young girl this summer throw up
after looking at my calves.
I think you're sick.
You're making them.
You're imagining.
It could happen.
but there's only one guy
in whatever hemisphere this is
who can do it
the western hemisphere
and he's in eastern guam
okay he does this
jellis placements are exactly yeah
uh... shawn i i don't i i think you're
well i'm sorry what was that
or what
that that's sound
i just heard like a
Squeak or something. Oh, oh, this
That yeah, oh, oh, that's my air horn. Why?
Why are you blowing it now? It's just something I do
I'm kind of known for that. Well, can you not do it on this call? It was weird. What they also asked me not to do that on the flight
I'm sure they did. Yeah
Yeah.
You were blowing that air horn on the flight?
Yeah, right before it crashed.
Okay, well that might lead to why the plane didn't take off correctly.
Huh, well, yeah.
Now I don't think it did.
It's not that audible, is it?
It's horrible.
What is?
It's fun.
It's not fun.
Everyone thinks it's fun.
I don't
That everybody doesn't that I'm sure everybody doesn't think that's fun when you blow like where do you blow that air horn?
All over I did it. Well, I did on the flight. I did it. I
Wanted to do it during my interviews, but they wouldn't let me do it. I did it at my uncle Giuseppe funeral last week. Yeah
They didn't like that either
Okay, I did it at my nephew's
uh... birthday party uh... he loved it
yeah his mother hated it sure yeah
ask a call screener just happy what he thinks of it
put him on
uh... his name's mike okay
but um... and i'm going to speak for mike on this okay
with an open mind okay
Hey, hey, Mike.
Yeah.
No.
Sean.
Mike.
What, do you like that?
Can't even hear anymore.
He doesn't like it.
All right.
How about this?
I mean are you playing a song I knew you knew it what song is that come on I'm not
playing I could tell there's no there's what I could tell I'm trying to play a
It is a song, it sounds nothing like everyone knows what song this is. I'll do it again. You ready? Sure
Come on
out on the street for a living
in pictures only be gone. Oh, got you under their thumb. Oh, black diamond.
You just played black diamond on an air horn. Yeah, by kiss. Why? Yeah, no, I know who it's
by. Oh, okay. Look, don't blow the air horn anymore. Okay. When you were saying something
You got a PayPal thing.
And what is that?
Well, it's from my plastic surgery.
I want people to donate.
Well, why should anyone donate for you to get jowled displacement surgery?
Because I have to keep up my appearance.
Okay, I'll bite.
Why do you have to keep up your appearance?
Because I'm the face of Porter John Monthly.
You munch.
Porter John Monthly.
Yes.
what is portage on monthly uh... it's only one of the top four c w p s s m
c w p s s m
what is that construction works like portable sanitation service magazines
why
well and so you said you're one of the top what
one of the top four well you know what anybody says they're the
in the top for their fourth
What are you implying?
I'm implying that there are three, there are three better or more popular port-a-john
magazines.
Is that what you think?
Based on the fact you said you're in the top four.
That's what that leads me to believe.
Okay.
Yeah.
And is that true?
Yes.
Okay.
So, because you're the face of what's the name of the magazine?
john monthly we cover all the comings and goings in the world of uh... portable
sanitation devices on construction work sites uh... throughout north
america
okay and i i don't understand how
why why being uh...
of somebody works at a magazine like that you need to have
what sounds like extensive
uh...
plastic surgery yet
well it's no secret
what's no secret
that uh... kon sanny kon oh eight is uh... oh nine is coming up sorry uh...
uh...
okay kon sanny kon
that's some of that some sort of
convention for toilets or something
toilet come on
show me some respect i know nothing about that it's a construction fight
sanitation convention
okay
okay and kon sanny kon yeah
and i'm tired of losing at uh... revenue to this guy bradford debonshire
so tired of this guy
he kind of see he's cut he's kind of the
dog he publishes the number one
what's that magazine
uh... san jon monthly
okay that's the top maggia and field
and this guy is like a male model or something
when he walks by the ladies just like paul themselves
Okay, kind of erotic. Uh-huh. Yeah, when he walks by here's what I do. What?
I said don't do that
Well, I'm wearing headphones. Oh jeepers. I'm sorry. Okay
Anyway, um this guy Bradford. Yeah, he looks like a cross between Rick D's and Pat Say Jack
Is is that good?
Wait, what? Yes, of course it is
Rick D's gorgeous. Okay
And his sick you think his looks have something to do with his success
I'm sure they do as a salesman for what for ad space exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, see
At the convention in March. Uh-huh. I want to blow this guy out of the heavily treated sanitized blue water
Okay, yeah, oh you so you want to get this plastic surgery done in time exactly
Yeah, and when is that when is the thing when is the convention? It's in March
uh-huh so you you hope to maybe get all this surgery done in time yeah yeah so
that's that's why i'm really you know beat me uh... beat me uh... sidewalks to
uh... to get this money uh-huh and how much money do you think you need all
together i need uh... gosh i think it's around
it's upwards like thirty five thousand dollars probably more than that and
you're hoping to get that from people just sending you money at paypal well
not just that you know that there's other things you know i i i i it's no
secret on on the treasurer
of the uh...
you know of our uh...
of our uh... of our union
uh... yeah so i might just kind of go into that
that fund
uh...
wait there's a union oh yeah for
toilet magick uh... yeah
porta john whatever it is magazine
okay
so you you you are the treasure away you're gonna
is you just said you're going to do what dip into the fund to do a little
scamming yeah
well how much money could possibly be in that fund but we just had our our
big fund raiser uh... you know which was like up like up for a week you know
extravaganza
great how did that go it was good it was good we got a lot of money uh... yeah so
uh... how much is a lot
uh... seven hundred dollars
for four weeks yeah
well okay
well you uh... get bigger
yeah i think you've got it but that's that's not gonna that's not a drop in
the bucket of what what we're talking about the new need
i think it'll get me um...
i don't know maybe like a little bit of an injection maybe
uh-huh down below
what do you mean like calves
no
up a little bit okay what i don't want to know about that
my plupo
stop my plupo pop stop it
i don't i don't know what you're talking about i don't know what you're
talking about and i don't want to know well
getting back to what you were talking about yeah
topic at hand
we didn't get to uh...
the real worst thing of uh...
uh... eight for me
that's right it would be
somehow
this started with highs and lows yeah
of two thousand eight yeah
yeah you brought us way off topic i'm not sure how
and that was not me
why are you doing that what it
It's not fun. It's not fun. It's not fun. Yes it is.
Just because you say it is doesn't mean it is.
There's no way you don't know what song that was.
God help me for doing this.
You want to hear it again? Yes. I knew it.
What song is that?
Well, it's the intro to a song.
That was before the vocals kick in.
Yeah.
D-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d.
I come from the land of the ice and snow and the hot, hot springs blowing the uses.
That's the immigrant song.
It's not.
called I come from the land of the ice and snow it's the okay it's the
immigrant song by Led Zeppelin well okay well we'll agree to disagree on that
okay okay so that back to worst thing yeah the election why okay you're the
first person to say the election tonight I mean what are you talking about like
uh...
well my guy didn't make it
you're so okay well that's
all right so you're you're like a mccain guy
oh god no
i don't know you said your guy
mccain would have been disastrous too
okay so well you're saying uh...
disastrous to some assuming you're not an obama guy
after every time you hear that
so you're not for obama you're not for mccain who who
who were you for well i i i i was hoping uh...
rekeller was going to get the non
rekeller yeah
who is rekeller was hoping he's going to get the not the head or ticket uh...
all right what uh... well they went with waltrad rex of course
clam i don't even know what
you're talking about what what party is this
the rasp party
rasp how do you spell rasp w r
a h s p
and what
what is the rasp party you're serious
um... very i have no i've never heard of it
uh... it's the white
rage american hate speech party
the white rage
american hates the okay great though that's that's what
white rage that's what that's the
that's your party
and i i thought we we were going to go to the white house this year
the which it should be called
great
what great what
american hates the
i mean this guy keller had it all
he was forceful yet unhinged
well that's that's sounds like a pretty uh...
pretty solid combo from here
so you were following this whole frederick thing at all
no this was off my radar no integrity whatsoever
uh-huh like he doesn't even hate it's like it's it's more like a strong dislike
he doesn't have the hate that you're looking for exactly i don't like it one
Not like who what's the other guy's name Rick Kelly? Oh, yeah. Oh my god. I've got a rap sheet the size of my jowls
So that's good for you. Oh absolutely. Yeah, he can get the job done just like Chester Arthur did
How many votes does a
Does someone from the r a w r a HSP get? Oh
uh...
like how many did that the main guy get the guy who got the nomination get
are we talking
i did he do well for the party well are we talking outside of uh... south
western i don't know what
uh... both well either one was so outside so in south western i don't
inside he had a very strong showing uh-huh yeah
well like how much of how many votes he's talking about
point two percent
what's that point
twenty two percent point two percent
two percent
so that's what he got in where what part of aida ho
a little section
okay
and how many how many votes does that do you know how many
that translates into numbers wise
it's invisible was a number
uh... it would be that
but you thought you had a shot at the white house absolutely yeah
know why? Why? Because there would have been a whole bunch of us and we would
have like stormed the White House with our you know with our we had these mallets
that we bring and stuff and we and we whip to. Okay. Yeah and here's what would
have sealed the deal for us. We get up to the you know the gates of the White
House and we start shaking the gates and then on the count of three we all
All raise our other hands and we all do this and it sounds like the Lord himself.
I hate that air horn so much.
And then the gates are starting to come apart, they're like shaking.
And then I go one, two, three again.
It's so glad.
It sounds like your horn is dying.
And then we just go in there and we take what's ours.
All the paintings and pictures and stuff?
The paintings and pictures.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And then we go up to the president and we go like this.
hey and he goes what and I go black diamond down on the street for a living
and then I'm president and then and then your president yeah yeah you really have
no no no no idea how this works you know you don't have what one of these
I knew you were gonna do that oh and he hung up too great that was the worst
thing I've ever heard could you believe that Mike what's that air horn it's a
What does a guy get off calling with an air horn?
Once again I want to send out a get well to my sidekick and protg, the H-man.
He is ill, I hope he's doing alright. You get better, you get strong H-man.
Phone number 201, 209, 93, 68.
FMU, you're on the air.
Great. He did get the last laugh. If I'm you, you're on the air. Hello, Tom. Hi, who's this?
Frederick's from Newport, Richie. What can I do? I was hoping I could just talk to you.
You got me, Frederick's. All right, I had something for the topic. Let's hear it. Well, for the law,
well
was the passing of george carland
i don't know if anybody mentioned that
no no one did cuz uh... no one on the show really likes him
i know he's got that mean streak but he's got an honesty you know that
kind of lacking
it kind of outweighs his own funniness
is what you're saying to a degree but i do know what you mean as far as his
meanness it's just that
you know he said certain truths that the media won't even say and i think
That's a funny thing about her, you know.
Who in the media do you want to say the,
what do you want, Dan Rather?
Stone Phillips on the news saying,
hey, isn't it weird when, you know,
I'm like, I'm wired in and I'm,
like that awful stuff he says.
I can't even replicate it.
I've worked it out of my head.
All right, well, then perhaps it's a good thing.
Another person, I was torn between two,
The other one was studs turkel.
I don't know if you're familiar with his stuff.
Sure.
I love studs.
Good guy.
I remember a lot of his stories.
Good guy.
He told them over and over again if you listen to his interviews and stuff, but they're good.
Good guy.
And I had one and this is not a suck-up either time.
This is for real.
But discovering the best show for me was one of my highs at 2008, right up there.
Oh, well that's sweet.
That's it.
I'm not.
I am a true radio lover.
lover I've been listening to talk radio a long time and this is kind of like one of
my favorite guys with somebody named Bob Lasseter he's originally I guess from
Collingswood, New Jersey. What I never heard of him. Oh amazing gentleman but
you know he didn't talk about music as much and stuff but he would throw
people off the phone he was pretty bright you know and he had a way of
cultivating collars and he could you know
take people off one minute and have them crying or laughing the next you know
and so i kind of see a lot of similarities
and i mean this is going years back uh...
so you would hear him do a thing and sometimes you get mad at collars
uh... yeah
what would you do to those collars
a d column like subhuman pegs
and then what would he do
down to get off his father
that's how we end two thousand eight
stepped into the bear trap
just got word the h-man his health is apparently taking a turn for the worse
seriously h-man
i need you to pull through
i need u-h-man
be strong for me
be strong
fm you you're on the air
tom yes
hi step for for organ
hi deb how are you
I am good, how are you?
I'm sorry, when there was a moment of silence, I was getting ready for an air horn.
I was pulling the headphones off my ears.
That was one of the lows of my life.
That call?
Yeah.
Well, just the air horn.
The air horn was rough.
Yeah.
So how are you tonight, Deb?
I'm really good, how are you?
Doing okay.
Yeah?
Yes.
Well, you know, it's been a pretty, you know, rock and roll kind of year.
You rigged the H-man blog?
Yes, that was a high.
High, very high, very cool.
And, you know, fully boiled right on the oat thing.
It was a high in my book.
Alright, that was a high, that was funny.
It was pretty hard funny.
Well, you know, that air horn thing was the most recent low like I think of.
You let that air horn thing was a that's that's okay. Well, you know, what happens
That happens. There's a lot of weirdos out there. Look you live in Portland. You know about this
I know I know and I have a story. I can't wait to hear it. It's kind of a weird one, but it's a it's a good story
I'll just trip to Portland. There's kind of you know, there's a lot of weirdos out there
Uh-huh and this guy is walking by this
just, you know, bank parking lot, and I'm out there walking by him, because I worked
near there. Anyway, he says, birds eat rats. Like, okay, great. Walked by my way away.
Next day, I see a bird eating a rat in that same parking lot. It was so weird. It's like
I just swooped down from a tree and just got this baby rat, so the guy was right.
That is weird.
I know.
It was totally weird.
Deb?
Yes.
I want you to have nothing but the greatest time in 2009.
Thanks Tom.
I hope you do too.
Thank you.
You have a great night.
Thanks.
F.M.U.
You're on the air.
Hey Tom, how's it going?
It's going all right.
Who's this?
Connor.
Connor from?
D.C.
How are things in D.C. at night, Connor?
Pretty good.
Pretty good.
You having a good old time?
Not bad, yeah.
Fun?
I'm sorry?
Fun?
Yeah, it's been fun.
I love it.
Anything, you got something for the topic?
Yeah.
Best thing of 2008, and I'm not trying to suck up to him, but Fredericks from Newport
Richie. Really? Definitely. That's how your 2008 went, huh? That is exactly how it went.
That's a high point for you. It was a high point. You want to know what's sad? What?
I think it was a high point for me too. That guy's got it. You know what I mean? Oh yeah.
He's got it.
Yeah.
Spike don't have it.
He sometimes does.
But he doesn't have it.
He has it where he trips over it once in a while.
Yeah.
He didn't have it tonight.
But Fredricks?
It's like a glow coming off this guy.
An aura.
You know it's another highlight of 2008 The H-Man being a part of the show.
Yeah, it was short, but he'll be back. He'll be back good. I just got word actually the H man has been rushed to the hospital
Are you sure it's gonna be back them a family member has given me updates?
This is the H man
Has been rushed to the hospital. Oh, no
Hang in there H man
We need you 2009 needs you H man
Thank you for the call, Connor.
Thanks.
So anyway, as I was saying, yeah, I'm going to end 2008 the way I want to end it.
The topic is, who is the worst member?
Who is the dumbest member of Crosby, Stills Nash and Young?
me stills Nash are young two oh one two oh nine nine three six eight who is the
dumbest member of Crosby stills Nash and young two oh one two oh nine nine three
six eight let's get those calls coming in now
I like doing that show out there again a bad feeling on one bad feeling on one all right
Mike we'll drop trust you on that FM you you're on the air hey we're going on not a whole
a lot of this
yeah i agree with you mike
who's the dumbest member of crowsy stills nashin young is a third week we're
doing this
fm you you're on the air
hi who's this
peter from
booting from booting
okay for you peter
i don't think there's any dumb members who are what are you going to get
see you know why
so you you don't have a you don't have a million i heard that last week you're
getting on the other being dumb for hanging out
if you want
now i'm not i'm letting the caller say what they want people called up and
said that
i've got a new question
But the shoes point it pushes that that was good. Yeah, that's him. That's exciting. Let's talk about that. Yeah
Yeah, you know the voxards have crippled and failed. Oh, that's exciting
Yeah, it's like that. I like that good. Well, why don't you go over to Huffington Post then and then get out of here? Heave ho
FM you you're on the air
Abe here Brooklyn who Abe Abe how are you tonight?
I'm a little brew a little blue town. So who's the dumbest member of Crosby
sales-nash and young. Easily David Crosby. I mean how many times did that guy get busted
for drugs and guns. Thanks Abe. Good one. I appreciate it. FM you you're on the
air. Yeah I got a vote for David Crosby. David Crosby why is that? Like the guy
And before said he was clearly David Crosby is clearly you know had had had more problems
with drugs and all of that he's he I would hate I just would hate to see Neil Young win
because Neil Young is one of the lead and I like him the most right now that we're
we're combining all the polls together on this Crosby has ten stills to Nash to young
uh... has uh... six actually
fm you you're on the air
a time it's my from all over again
mike from all over what do you have
of both across the
you vote for crows be wise that
the caped
uh...
you're right
he wore a cape
even though it is a thing
could you imagine this guy writes one of the best songs
of the sixties the song everybody's been burned
uh-huh you know that song
now i don't know that one time
goes something like this
everybody
has been burned before
everybody knows the pain
chilling song
but he's singing it in a cape!
ruins it
201-209-9368 is the number
201-209-9368
I wish I could get a health update on the H-man
If anyone has word, we're pulling for you, buddy.
You can get through this.
Go to twitter.com slash sharpling.
You join the party over there.
all kinds of stuff going down it's so much fun you won't regret it you sign up
you hang out with me
can Mike's doing his own show out there I just received an update about the H man's
man's health. Apparently the H-man just passed away. His brother has just written me. To
inform me, the H-man is no more. All four lines lit up. Watch this. FMU, you're on the
the air. The H-Man died? That's what I just heard his brother just reported that.
Oh no, what happened to him? I don't know. We're waiting for an update. You know what
hospital is that? I don't know. Thank you. FMU, you're on the air. Hello? Hello. Hi.
How are things up in Niagara Falls? What? FMU, you're on the air. Hey Tom, this is
rhetton colorado rhetton colorado how are you tonight
i'm just fine this is an honor sir but this is really upsetting new that kind
of makes the cs and like question immaterial doesn't it
uh... we show's got to go on
but i do
it's man was a good dude but it happens
with that
gramnash this guy is so smug
and self-satisfied go
and he's the most innocuous
superstar in the history of rock music
great one thank you
you're welcome top happy new year a happy new year to you too
fm you you're on the air
it's a shot city
shown a studio city got some of the topic
uh... yeah my uh... well i want to vote for the only on just for the song
this notes for you
uh... that's fair enough
uh... uh... uh... the lows
where this was the uh... re-emergence of kid rock and all his
uh... nonsense
and uh... hide
the high obviously uh... victory for democracy but on a best-show note that
april twenty-second
addition of the best-show with paul f and billy boy roid that was
probably the high moment of my two thousand i'm glad we could be a part of
it
rest in peace h man
will miss you
evan has actually uh...
been generous enough he's scrapping his year-end tribute
uh... to two thousand eight he's going to do a tribute to the h-man
he's going to play local h he's going to play three hours of local h
well
so it goes sometimes
gonna miss the h-man
This has been the Best Show on WFMU.
WFMU East Orange, WXHD Mount Hope,
World Wide on the World Wide Web
at WFMU.org.
The Best Show wraps up another 2008, well not another one.
It's the first one, only one we've wrapped up.
Something's gone horribly wrong if I've wrapped one up before.
i've been doing the show for a while
this year is in the books
we say good night
and we say goodbye to a dear friend hman
wait i've just received word
apparently he just has a cold
and he's okay.
Someone just said, I've been getting faulty information.
I apologize to anybody who's been scared.
Stay tuned to Evan Funk Davies
has an exciting three hour show reviewing.
2008, including exclusive audio
from his trial this year, earlier this year.
Let's tune in and see what happens, shall we?
Happy New Year!