F radio show, ever.
Hey, who's this?
Well, I am by the trail of Governor Valvin.
Hi, it's, uh, Gerald Carminer.
Tom Sharpling, Governor of Party.
Hey, Tom, it's Purple Turf.
Hey, Tom, it's Mark Michaels.
This is Richard Card, Mr. Card.
What's your name?
Baron.
Baron.
And, well, what's inside the tube?
fire cry. Maurice Kurt? Horrifying.
Hey, Thomas Bruce.
Johnny!
Who's this?
Genji Vitis.
Genji Vitis.
Yes, they have Rick Feloni at the wall. I guess it's wood.
I hate you.
It's Peter.
Hey, it's Steinberg.
Mm-hmm.
Do all creepy and I'm hanging upon you,
bowing.
Roger Depp.
My name is Ollie Fairnock.
I'll say it. You'll hear it.
You'll do it.
I'll get it.
You'll learn it.
I'll live with it, and you'll die without it.
Smash your trash.
There's a call to people.
Good day.
What's up, Tom? It's Tristan.
Hey, it's Michelle.
Yeah, Tom, this is Jim Riffle. How you doing?
When I get to do the toilet talk now.
The vaudeville of the new century.
My name is Tom Riley.
I'm calling from New Zealand.
Hey, man, it's Brian.
Hey, no, no, that's a tent pole.
It's a tent pole show.
Hey, this is Tedlia.
Whaaaaaat?
This is Pete from the Future.
Hi, Tom. It's DJ Terry Chase.
Hey, from Knoxville.
Super caller.
It's off the top.
My name is Mike Zajak.
Get off my phone. I don't care.
Hey, this is if you can, man.
I'm going to go with your bed now, bye, friend.
Hey, Tom, it's Gordon.
Hey, Gordon, how are you?
I was in a band in the early 1990s, my name's Jerry Payne.
Tom, why do you listen to Jeffrey Ludell?
It's a fat disease, wilder right in the neck, isn't it?
The disenfranchised have a home now.
I'm the hero of the disenfranchised.
It's really bad, ain't it, I can't
It's shut your mouth, cuz it's hard to talk to you
Cause it's a professional
So
I love you all, that's my life, true love, true love
I love you all, that's my life, true love, true love
And now she's re-pleain' in the shade
I just love, I'm a shade
That's no lie, I like to die
Say she's my man, say I know she can't
In my hair, only a mile
I say I'm cheap, she's more than gay
She's my man, she's the anti-care
She's my man, she's out of town
I'm going to kill you.
I'm going to kill you.
I'll laugh at that, I must be on punk, wet <E.D.> to that, huh?
Step up in the party with a plastic hat
Clock that I carry for the grab and snatch
Shine like a jim, untied jim's
Back, they're pulling on my limbs
Telling all the friends is hell
Feeling like a dog
Grab a body hand and get a quickie in the john
We raise hell and make bail
And put illegal products on weight scales
Place a few phone calls and make sales
I pray to God my lifestyle escapes hell
Stole face, running my fears at my own pace Till my bank rose straight
I want the panic of all mason and the whole cake Just some crooked <E.D.> and then I should get go straight
Get your pistol, yeah, go, launch your pistol, yeah, go, settle your issue, go, yeah, go
I gotta fill in somebody's gonna die that I ain't get your pistol, yeah, go, yeah, go,
launch your missile, yeah, go, settle your issue, yeah, go, I gotta fill in somebody's gonna die
You want lyrics, try these fam
We're a joke like black man, white men and Chinese man
In fact, you're more like them knock-knock
If your tips 98, you're not that sick
I spit venom on your favorite denim
I burn like the slugs that I'm spraying up in them
This idea is everyday in the mitten
Lay my birds lay down and lay in the kitten
My hunger's intense, I'm from the underground
Coming under your fence, patting on your pockets
It's not for the weekend hard, car quits, my desert eagle got a beef that'll make you
get a body leak, who got a beef get eaten by piranha tea, hear the clicks like that,
moving packs and moving packs.
Get your pistol, yeah, come, launch your pistol, yeah, come settle your issue, yeah,
come, I got a feeling somebody's gonna die that I ain't get your pistol, yeah, come,
I got a feeling somebody's gonna die tonight
But, uh...
I love my boy
There's a girl I know
Who makes me feel so good
But now we're going to live without her
Even if I could make a ride
Oh, yeah. Come on.
Whoo!
She's the same little girl who used to be.
She's the same little girl who used to hang around my door
But she sure looks different than the way she looked before
I thought that I'd cry
I thought that I'd cry
I'd cry
I'd cry
I want to be near you
Jeffrey, I hear you, and I do change
Jeffrey, I hear you, and you know my name
Jeffrey, I hear you, and I have to blame
What causes the light to flutter?
What causes my mother to mutter?
What causes my mouth to stutter?
What causes the room to shut up?
We're going to make it to the end of the video.
We're going to make it to the end of the video.
We're going to make it to the end.
We're going to make it to the end of the video.
We're going to make it to the end of the video.
What causes the light to flutter?
What causes my father to mutter?
What causes my mouth to stutter?
What causes the roof to shut up?
I hear you, and I can see through you
and
Narcan
I hear you, and I can see through you
Oh, Jeffrey, I hear you
And I can see through you
So
So
3!
1, 2, 3, 4, 5!
Okay, well, I gotta understand there's like FCC regulations. Yeah, so I gotta keep it up. Keep it clean. Okay. Yes
Well, like you keep a chart of like, you know, you're not chart like above you bed. How many?
Women you've slept with or whatever
Yeah, okay, I don't well most people do most people. Yeah, most people do
i guess i'm just part of that weird little
minority that doesn't have a chart hanging over his bed
you know
well
up until recently it's been about like uh...
two or three you know
but then i came up with like a little uh...
scheme i got going on over here
i walk into the like the local coffee bar
i say i'm tom
ninety one point one
And it gets me a lot of ladies.
Yeah, yeah, I'm sure when you walk in there and say,
hey, I'm Tom from 91.1.
That just does it.
Yeah, and get off my phone!
Get out of my courtroom!
Bay lift!
Get out of here!
Yeah, I walk into the coffee bar, and I say I'm Tom from 91.1.
Don't wait for your business to be done
My show, double you and me
My show, double you and me
My show
I get ready Mike, get ready, here we go, here we go, you ready, are you ready ready?
Ready?
Get your strapped in, get your helmet on, here's one for you, are you ready to party?
What's that?
Always.
You know what that means?
Let's do it.
That's right.
This is the best song I've ever done.
I'm about to talk now.
Wrong.
Wrong, wrong, wrong.
Old Butterfingers makes another, another gaffe tonight.
Came in ready?
I came in ready on this show.
I made a mistake on the on the CD player I turned the the wrong the dial on the
wrong the wrong the wrong player
oh let's let's fix it though we can fix this it's right the ship everybody
you're listening to the best show on WFM you my name is Tom Sharpling I'm your
host for tonight's installment
which is going to be comprised of three hours
of mirth
music in mayhem
not equal doses of uh... each
the main of the music portions done
i used to play i used to play twelve records a show
i used to play fifteen records a show
then it became twelve
Then it became eight or nine.
Then it was six, now we're down to four,
and I'm pushing it with that four.
I start to get itchy during song number four.
Like I can't wait to throw the mic open and just get to it.
I'm saying we go to three song format.
Three songs, three hours.
Again, my name's Tom.
I want to thank everybody for coming out.
Could have been anywhere in the world, but you're here with me, and I do appreciate that.
So let's do this, fresh show style, back and down to just get right to it.
oh goodness gracious there's already a line flashing suddenly I went from
let's get right to it too let's go get a pangaea from the shelf we just heard
the girls Jeffrey I hear you one of the all-time greatest songs in the history
of anything I'm sorry can you do they know that they're gonna be on the radio
oh it's a computer hold on suddenly I'm intrigued
Don't miss the vote. Press 1 now. Press 1 now. I don't have a 1.
The first question is, are you a male or a female?
Or male, press 1? Or if a female, press 2?
What age group categories do you fall into?
Press 1 for ages 18 through 25. Press 2 for ages 26 through 35.
Press 3 for ages 36 through 49.
I want to get eliminated on this thing.
I'm going young.
Do you speak Spanish?
Press 1 for yes, or 2 for no?
They want yes on this, I'm sure.
Are you or anyone in your family a diabetic?
If you are a diabetic, press 1.
If someone in your family is, press 2.
Or if you don't know anyone who is a diabetic, press 3.
If I press 3, the survey is over.
I'm a diabetic for the purposes of the survey.
Are you a homeowner, or do you currently rent?
If you are a homeowner, press 1. If you are a renter, press 2.
What kind of service is this?
Please press 3.
We're looking for a diabetic bilingual homeowners.
When making purchases at grocery stores or department stores,
do you prefer to use a major credit card, be the debit card,
or do you prefer to write a check from your checkbook?
If you prefer your major credit card, press 1.
This is the seventh question. You're almost finished.
We're almost done.
What type of television service you currently have?
For cable press one, for satellite press two,
or for neither press three.
Three.
Do you currently have health insurance?
If you currently have health insurance press one.
If you do not press two.
I don't.
The following question is regarding your education history.
Here we go.
Press one if you've received a college diploma
or a degree from a vocational training program
beyond high school or AGED.
Yes.
Press two, if your furthest point of education is either a high school diploma or a GED.
Or press three, if you did not complete high school or a GED equivalent.
This is the last and final question.
Do you currently have a subject tank or city provided sewage services at your residence?
Press one for a septic tank or press two for city provided sewage service.
I got a septic tank. I'm saying
Who is your captain speaking again? Oh, hi captain. You're all finished here. We go
Have just earned an all-inclusive cruise for two. Oh my god. That's all Bahama. Yes, your stateroom cabin me and Mike
Entertainment are included on the ship get your speed on Mike
Rest assured you will not be prompted for a credit card or bank account
Press one now and give the operator your name as you would like it to appear on your boarding passes
Welcome aboard, press 1 now.
This is your captain speaking again. You're all finished.
You have just earned an all-inclusive cruise for two to Nassau Bahamas.
Your stateroom cabin, meals, and entertainment are included on the ship.
You are now being transferred to an operator that will take down your name as you would like it to appear on your boarding pass.
This is going to be fun.
Please hold the line and do not hang up. You are the next caller in line.
all right your call is now being transferred your approximate wait time is
operated to 0.0 for my first last name oh you scared me hey you call you call the radio station
uh this is the best show on wfm you're on the air actually now your computer called the radio
station i'm sorry about that the call was transferred to me i hope uh can i still go on the cruise
Yes, you may. First name, please. Tom. Last name? S. Excuse me? S. E.S.S.
Child, we're up. We'll contact you. One of the best members to reach you? No.
What's the best number? I can't give that out. Thanks anyway. Give the crew. Give the crew.
Give the crew. My friend Spike is going to call for the crew. Thank you. FM, you're on the air.
Oh, Tom, I'm gonna call for the cruise.
Are we gonna go on the cruise together?
Well, I don't know. It sounds like a good idea, though.
So you would not go on a cruise with me in all expense-paid cruise?
I wasn't going on the cruise with anybody.
You've ho! Had no time for this guy.
FM, you, you're on the air.
You were smart, man.
What's that?
You were smart because I have one kraviat for you I
Was smart yeah because you bailed on that call yeah
Okay, what is the kraviat you've got for me the only way you go on something like that. Yeah
Is this Bryce
How'd you guess, man?
I took a shot in the dark.
Oh, man.
What are you doing there?
What do you think I'm doing?
I think you're probably smoking pot.
Oh, actually, I nodded off for a second.
Why?
Oh, you nodded off. I'm sorry.
No, I'm kidding. I was doing a bonk.
That's what I thought.
Oh man, you almost got ripped off,
cause I went on one of those cruises once.
Yeah.
And I ended up falling overboard.
Really?
Oh yeah, man.
How did you end up falling overboard?
Well, it was actually before Eve.
I even left my little shack.
My lean two.
I fell over into the creek.
Well, you can't pin that on the cruise.
Well, why not?
Because you, well, okay.
you went overboard
but you weren't on
you weren't on board to even go overboard
i was on board the s-s-s-um bond
number four hundred yeah that's not
that is not that
you have sailed that uh... that uh... ship
many times haven't yet
she's a mighty vessel
you know what i want to do right now what what's that
well and everybody knows that you i dropped out of the race because i want
spend some more time with my family yeah the uh... the uh... the uh... may you
have been tutorial race to uh... see who is
elected the next mayor of new bridge new jersey
the election actually ends in a couple weeks
i know and that's why this call is so important
okay what what what do you have for me uh... brice well what's so important
i want to throw
my one hundred and thirty pounds
and my one hundred and thirty pound bond
behind cold
greener mike
behind mike
yeah so this is an endorsement you are you are
endorsing mike
absolutely yeah
wow i did you hear that mike
you just got a very lucrative
endorsement
that's that
and mike says he's honored
well he should be you know but
everybody in new bridge to be behind him you know why
why is that
because mike has what it takes to lead us into the twenty-first century
uh... well we kind of are already in the twenty-first century we're kind of
eight years in a ready
yeah well
we're we're in the
twenty-first century we're we're well into it
we can't be you know why we can't be
what was that
so how does that
i don't understand how that would correspond to it to the actual calendar
i think
don't they go and chronicle i don't know the court order well they they might but
there's no reason uh...
i mean the at the grateful that we're not around in the
after the year two thousand were they
I think, well, the dead were, yeah.
Just the dead.
J.T.B.
Mm-hmm.
Rat dog, the other one.
But that's not who, that's not what the Dick's Pick series, um, uh, the documents,
is it?
Oh, man.
Now you're Nick Dick Picken.
I'm sorry.
What am I doing?
I said, now you're Nick Dick Picken.
Okay.
Now I'm Nick Dick Picken.
So I'm nitpicking the Dixpix series.
Exactly.
Oh man.
That's like a little, that's like a flavorful Chauncey rhyme.
Yeah.
Let's strike up the moon things when I hear that.
why?
Oh, look, that sounded fantastic.
Hey, call me to play more?
No, no, that's OK.
I think we got a good feel.
Can you throw Tull's A album?
Jethro Tull's A. The album A.
Oh, what about Stormwatch?
Oh, I'm not a fan of either, really.
Oh, come on.
You're a big Jethro Tull fan?
Not real.
He's the only guy I know that plays the flute
besides that chick in the Marshall Tucker band.
That's true.
Yeah, pretty little love song, yeah.
Hurted in a love song?
I don't even know what, go ahead.
Gonna what?
You might be right on that.
I know so little about that song.
A Death Billis, yo, you may be right.
No.
Just, be crazy.
So let's get back to your endorsement of Mike.
Okay, you wanna know the real reason why I'm voting for him.
Why?
He's my new bar buddy.
Really, you see Mike at a bar?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Where were Los Amigos?
Okay.
Most mornings.
Is that true, Mike?
Wait, most mornings?
Yeah.
You see Mike in the morning?
Yeah.
We like to get our buzz on together.
So the two of you are at the bar in the morning drinking?
No, he's drinking.
See, I do my thing.
I do a couple hits of Crippler.
And then he does his thing.
9 or 14 cans of new bridge stout.
In the morning.
Oh, yeah.
I guess he's just getting all through the late shift or something.
I don't know.
I thought he worked business.
So he might just be getting loaded before he goes to work.
Ooh.
Yeah, that's a little depressing.
Well, it's, it's fun though, you know.
We start singing and we start dancing and before you know it, we're singing and dancing
outside.
Really?
really yeah you know why why because we both get thrown out every day every day
you get thrown out of the same bar yeah he starts throwing punches and then I
try to stop a mic right now man come on now out and then he punches me and then
I usually get punched across the bar mm-hmm and I follow him this is you know the
stuff one of those called the spouse that the beer comes out yeah yeah you you
You can tangled up in those.
They're the bigots.
And then the beer goes straight everywhere and I get yelled at.
And then we both get thrown out.
Oh man, that's not a whole lot of fun, is it?
Yeah, it stinks.
Yeah, stinks.
You know why I'm also endorsing him?
Why is that?
Well, because my promise that if I do that, if I endorse him,
he's not going to make those photos of me public.
he he's blackmailing you about something
what what
i don't know if i thought about that or
well what photos
well let me just say this
oh what a dude does when he mixes twelve hits of new bridge bond cripple
stein
with the half bottle of barely h-kitty johnnie brand pepper wine
me from the finest fresh pepper
well you know what i i would i would hope that mike would have uh
more, more, uh, more class and, and, and, and, and honor than to publish photos of the bully
somebody into endorsing him. Well, I know, man. Let's just say the combination of that and
listening to my Bobby in the midnight at this daily theater, nine thirteen seventy nine really
had made me boogie. Mm hmm. Yeah. And when I say boogie, yeah, I mean breaking into the CB
I don't even know what that is.
I don't even want to know what that is.
The weird thing about it is, man.
What?
I just can't figure out how Mike got those pictures.
Uh, you know what?
I have no idea.
I kind of.
Unless he knew about it in advance.
I kind of don't want to know any of this.
You know one second thought?
Yeah.
The more that I think about this.
What?
I kind of say, I did get on top of the old lady
what locker and yell at the top of my lungs that I was going to go over to the
cb submarine yeah the okay yeah we get it we okay hey what about this senator
Palin what about her she's got my bone in an uproar your your bong is in an
uproar
why why is that
oh my god you thought right you thought i'm sorry i live
well that was
i'm in love with her man that was tina fey doing an impression of
sarah palin
tini fey
um she she said are you thinking that i need to do not alive no more
now i'm not thinking of tiny tim
racking old-time tv show up as much it doesn't sound like you do
well i you're you're a little uh... you're a little misinformed here it's
yeah the actress's name is tina fey
she's a i would totally vote for her if i could
if you could
and why can't you
as we all know part of new bridges twenty two strikes program
that means that you lose your voting privileges at bus number twenty two
yeah
and that's you
but you know i still can endorse candidate and also run for office
i won't be no you have you have uh... made your endorsement clear that mike
is your man
that goes away strike thirty-one
what goes away
uh... your ability to endorse a candidate and also run for office
okay well you know let's let's hope you stay uh... keep your nose clean
vote for Mike everybody alright well Mike that's a pretty pretty impressive
endorsement don't vote for the host I'm not running oh you couldn't get those
signatures no I was not I was not interested in running really why not it
just held no I don't want to be mayor of of Newbridge I just don't you ask Mike
something sure what is it can you ask him if he gets elected if he could repeal
that 22 strike thing Mike he said yes awesome because I feel a whole lot of
buts coming on party on everybody oh okay there he goes price very exciting
Mike, with a very, very impressive endorsement from Bryce.
You can go over to friendsoftom.com and vote, by the way, the election ends in a couple
weeks.
I will be announcing where we are vote-wise as of this morning.
And you've got to realize you've got to start voting.
if you want your candidate to win i'll read that in a couple minutes
we finished back announcing i got a side track by the exciting cruise line offer
before we heard uh... the girls we heard the monkeys from the album the birds
the bees and the monkeys we heard valerie
great album there uh...
good stuff monkeys uh... uh... micky don't back on uh... back out of the hate
pit although when it comes to the monkeys if a guy didn't sing it he's
probably not on it Mickey don't the first time he Mickey don't probably heard
Valerie was when I only did backup vocals on it but he probably I could
picture some of these other monkeys hearing songs like like Peter Tork heard
Valerie it's like when when it was on an episode of the monkeys it's like oh wow
that's what my group did never get that when it comes to madlib
this guy's in full control full control the CD is called W-L-I-B-A-M
king of the wig flip madlib the beat conductor he's got it's a it's a great
collection here on the BB-E label and the song we heard was go
featuring guilty simpson
and starting us off
another uh...
another uh... all-time great in my opinion
mark robinson
his band from the uh... eighties nineties unrest
from the custom carnal blacks whitation album we heard <E.D.>
Are you either of these calls going to drive me up the wall, Mike?
Is that on line one?
I'm going with the good one first.
FM, you're on the air.
Hey, I'm the good one.
Hi, Tom.
This is Ramsey.
Ramsey, how are you?
Good.
I heard we're going on a cruise together.
We are.
uh... you use your last name sorry but
now that i'm looking forward to it
so what's going on with you ramsi
uh... the uh... the uh... the web uh...
the web creator of the uh... the uh... website uh...
ramsi s
dot com yes s
right that's right
the plug-and-a-long very exciting blog
this young man has
i actually would would never call before topic was on the table
But I just thought it was interesting that my name came up.
You're clear.
You're in the clear.
All right.
You are the polar opposite of your creepy friend who
called last week.
Oh, that's right.
You did call last week.
I forgot about that.
James.
That's friends with James.
That's right.
That's sad.
Is he back now?
Would you look good?
I feel better about myself.
I'm going to start harassing the show again.
Yeah, we can actually chart that out.
Inverse personality versus the number of James calls. It's like a wave just up and down
This is how it goes when it's up when he's high. It's like you got James
You got James and then you can count on two weeks after that me getting an email. I love the show so much
I don't know why I do I just want to be a part of it. I'll never call again
I'm sorry. I just you're a hero of mine and when I met you, I was so nervous
It's a month and a half after that. You got James. You got James three weeks after that.
I don't know why I do it. I just care so much. I wish we were best friends. I know that's
never going to happen. I just wish I could make a normal call, but I can't. I get the
cheap wig glue I have holding my toupee onto my head. I think it's seeping into my brain
pan and it makes me do things I don't want to do when you look at that cheap
to pay on his head don't you just get mad sometimes you want to just rip it
off and stuff it into his mouth you get used to it I mean like you just make
total eye contact lock eyes don't drift can't look at it couldn't look at it I
thought I was looking at the guy from my room good fellas the guy who ran the
Was he run a carpet store?
Remember that and there's like
When they like ripped his rug off his head
James could it James could play if they were doing a like good fellas 2.0
He could play that guy
That'll be on g4
Yes, good fellas 2.0 featuring James and Olivia Munn
Exactly. Oh Ramsey. I thank you for this call. You're a good guy
stay away from that creep James stay away you have other friends don't you
I do I do there's a lot of distance good physical distance good good there
should be physical distance you should you should consider just striking him
from your life start with start a start a shedding him like like his hair I love
it this is the guy's only friend and he's zinging him there we go you do it
ransy thank you
fm you you're on the air
out again
uh... what's going on tonight uh... spike
out of this
crew
before i let's move on forget the crews
forget the crows i was like a hundred years ago in best show time
i don't want to talk about this
bailout
bailout
out of the bush cost
uh... i'm so glad that they voted against it
all right
and why is that
because it's a bad idea
it did it was scared
so he can bail out his uh... rich friend but you don't think
you don't think the idea of issuing a panicked seven hundred billion dollar
bailout
uh... in a in a matter of two days is uh... is a good idea
now it's going to help just the bank
you have to help the the normal people and the banks of the good guys in this
I don't know where you get off badmouthing the banks.
But what about the normal people?
What normal people?
Well, people who have mortgages.
There are no normal people, man.
Didn't you see happiness?
Everyone's weird behind closed doors.
Uh-huh.
The people, the mortgages.
Look, it's a disaster.
The thing got voted down.
I was glad it got voted down.
Why are we on the same side?
Why?
Why are we on the same side?
Why, how'd that happen?
I think that's a good question.
How did it happen?
So what's the good word otherwise?
Let's just do a fast spike call.
Blah, blah, blah, blah, or movies.
Blah, blah, blah, do up.
I spoke to Lynn.
I spoke to Lynn.
Lynn Samuels.
Blah blah blah.
Yes.
How did that go?
Oh very well.
I was a well.
I was a well.
She's a loud mouth though isn't she?
Oh that's a trademark.
The trademark.
That's a trademark.
I thought that was Morton Downey's trademark.
He was the loudmouth.
Do you remember that show?
Oh, yes.
I'm trying to work on getting that guy on the show.
I think it could be pretty exciting to get a one-on-one, me versus Morton Downey Jr.,
kind of like square off in the studio.
Oh, well, is it his one problem with that, though?
What's that?
Oh, he's deceased.
He's been deceased for a number of years now.
What?
Oh, yes.
I don't know about that.
Oh, yes.
He passed away several years ago.
Check.
I got to check this.
Hold on.
Check here, Wikipedia.
Last morning, Danny Jr. Oh, I think you're wrong.
Oh, what does it say?
It says here, Morton Danny Jr. does not have a deceased date on it.
11, let me check that.
This is May, 2008.
Morton is working on a new cyber show,
which is going to be a combination of
the classic Morton Danny Jr. show with a max headroom type feel.
Well, let me double check that.
That's like a modern feel.
That's kind of cool, right?
Uh-huh.
Well, let me check that.
I'm pretty sure I used to say, let me check that.
You're pretty sure.
What do you, what do you, the law?
Dad, December.
Hey, whoa!
This guy put me under the microscope?
What am I, uh, going fry all of a sudden?
I'm a liar.
A liar, million little pieces.
put me on the hot seat
nobody put me on the hot seat
get put me on the hot seat i just read off we could be the way to think i'm a
liar
that's sick
that's sick
if this is him you tell them to come down
hey yeah tell me you call the second half of the show
was that him
com tees up
is not the spike show
we're going to do
what are we going to do
just get the show started
the exciting uh... weekend at the movies coming up
i don't know which movie i'm going to see a man and american carol or
religulus
wow is that is that those two coming out on the same day for a reason
they actually uh...
those two movies could actually unite america
think like america could actually come together like the
people on the right who are mortified by an american carol
coming together with people on the left mortified by uh... religulus
finding an arm middle ground
crossing the aisle so to speak
i don't know which one i would have to get paid more to see
let me think about that
american carol
so now you get david zucker
this guy uh... this
directed an airplane movie forty five years ago
from the
he directed the airplane movie with like
his other brother
who did other good stuff after airplane
but uh... david zucker uh... did uh... base get ball
when he was uh... on his own
david zucker's one of these awesome
you know nine eleven republicans
It's like I was a Democrat, then 9-11 happened.
Now I'm terrified.
Yeah, now you're 53 years old
and it's all right too,
and now you want the world at war.
Now that you're safe.
Got to making his dumb movies, dumb parody movies.
Let me look at the cast of,
I want to look at the cast of this movie.
American Carol.
Where is it?
Let's go look and see who's in an American Carol.
Here we go, American Carol.
Well, this is a pretty, this is a star-studded, I'm reevaluating
I stand on this as I sit here. Kevin Farley, the brother of Chris Farley, who apparently
will literally do anything. Like that's a guy. If you said to Kevin Farley, hey we're
going to do this thing where you're going to come to this frat house and we're going
to shoot paintballs at you and then hold your head underwater for two and a half minutes.
So we'll pay you $3,500 and then we're going to cane you afterwards.
He would be like, make the check out to Kevin P. Farley, who's in this Kelsey grammar, very
exciting.
See him on the big screen, that weird head, blown up 50 feet high, John Voigt, the guy
from Anaconda. It's good to see him uh doing some work. Hopefully he can bring his uh his scarf
to the he's playing George Washington in the movie. It'll be the first interpretation of uh of
George Washington wearing a uh scarf and like a uh like he's George Washington as if he was going
to go see see some theater that dumb scarf
Dennis Hopper is in it again another guy who will literally uh another guy who's like uh
the 60s man we gotta we gotta fight the system we're not going to Vietnam now all of a sudden
he's old enough it's like uh it's important that our country be tough we need to fight at all
Oh, on all fronts.
Fight!
We can't be weak.
You know what was weak?
You know what America was at its weakest?
When the youth were a population of dirtbags riding motorcycles all over the place.
They're dumb long hair.
Leslie Nielsen's in it.
He probably is not even aware he's in it.
I think he just shows up for these things now.
Yeah, Leslie, just, uh, come over to this lot at 9 a.m. and we're gonna have you, uh, we're gonna, you're gonna do, so, you're gonna do one of these movies, yeah sure, whatever, just shows up.
James Woods is in it, another great talent, the guy from the Boost.
The great country singer Trace Adkins is in it.
No, O.J., I don't know if O.J. is in it, maybe he's uncredited.
Maybe he does a little uncredited, a little, little cameo thrill for the audience.
It's kind of like a like a Bill Murray in Darjeeling Limited, like maybe O.J. kicks the
movie off, an American carol, they'd be ashamed of themselves, all these cowards, like former
liberals now, they're now their old fossils and they start turning conservative, sickening,
of them. These guys are so tough, why don't you go fight? On the other hand, we have
Religulus. Let's bring that up. I don't even know why I'm looking on IMDB for
religious. Bill Maher as himself. Bill Maher, the, you may know Bill Maher from a movie
he did called Rat Boy, 1986. He was also in a film called, he was in DC cab at a small
part, and he was in Pizza Man. He played Elmo Bunn in Pizza Man. This guy gets to the
point where it's like, this is the best that the left. This guy's not even on the left.
This guy's like all over the map. It's like, let me get my scorecard out here to follow
Bill Maher. Four animal rights. He's four eating healthy. He's four prostitutes. He's
against religion. He's against war. All right, let me think this through now. So he's so,
he's for abortion, but he's against, he's also for smoking pot. So he's just like, it's
all over the map
you've got to fit his weird world view
i saw him do his hb o thing is the hb o special a year ago he did stand up
special was called the decider
that's like uh...
he's really sticking it to george bush on that one
and he came out
it was it was that you know that it was the best that this guy could ever look
this is that this was him at his best
he was wearing these awful jeans
like you have these jeans he looks so stupid in these jeans
he looked like he
he looked like uh... like uh... like uh...
like they did a uh... madam too so uh...
thing of bill marin and something left the heat on
in the museum somebody turned up the heat too high
and it started to melt
and then that's what they wheeled out on stage
like this weird melting Bill Maher with that,
this guy's so critical of everybody with that day.
You know, this guy's got that giant potato nose
dropped in the middle of his head.
That's a two way tie for last this weekend.
Religulous and an American carol.
Holy moly, I could not imagine.
I would have to say here is my price
on both of these movies.
Religulus, I need to get paid $175 to see
religulus plus the cost of the ticket.
I will not be paying for the ticket from that $175.
And I will need one soda, medium soda,
not a large, I'm not a glutton, and one snack at the theater.
An American carol, $250 for me to sit and watch that, that awful parody style.
Look, go back and watch airplane, that movie stinks.
I'm telling you, you go back and watch airplane.
Hey, you know what, I used to love airplane when I saw it.
I was eight, or however old I was, seven, or I don't even know when it came out.
I was little.
It's bad.
Dumb parody movies.
It's garbage.
And it's the best thing that that guy ever did.
It's a two-way tie for last.
Go see Nick and Nora's infinite playlist.
In theaters this Friday.
FM you, you're on the air.
Hi Tom.
Hi who's this?
I'm Garrett from Maryland.
Garrett from Maryland, what part of Maryland are you in Garrett?
I'm in Annapolis.
And how are things in Annapolis? Is that where the movie Men of Honor was shot?
Uh...
I'm not sure, was it?
It was not where the movie Annapolis was shot. Look, you're an Annapolis.
Yeah, I did. You got a whole lot going on there. You'd think you'd know
you'd be able to answer pretty efficiently
whether the movie Men of Honor, it's Kuba Gooding Jr.
Robert De Niro
i don't think so actually
an episode of the west wing one shot here though a couple years ago
so what can i do for you tonight young man
i actually wanted to say that i really like the unrest song you played earlier
yes as did i that's uh...
the ground you are are are trotting
inspired the unrest way back then
that would be a proud
d.c. band
Yeah, um, I was actually going to ask if you could recommend an unrest record.
Yes, I can.
Are you ready?
Yes, I am.
Got your pen out?
Have my pen out.
This is where you're going to start.
It's unrest.
The first album?
No, you're not going to start at the first album.
You'll lose your mind.
Starting there.
There's a strategic way to approach the band unrest.
You're going to get two records at the same time.
you're going to get imperial FFRR
and you're going to get custom carnal black exploitation
that's a sweet in the sour
the soft in the heart
going to work your way out you're going to work your way into that right
boom bit boom
you go get the BPM record
then you start listening to the longer stuff like vibe out i think the
songs called
they got stuff they got so many good singles
I'm telling you, I don't know when they're going to comp these singles up, but they had
so many great records.
That band was as unfire as you can be for a certain stretch.
They were the best.
They had this song called Yes, She Is My Skin Head Girl.
Just the best.
It's just nonstop cursing.
I could never play it on the radio.
Then you're going to get Malcolm X Park.
And if you're still on board, then you just go get whatever you can find beyond that.
Okay, cool. Yeah, I've been meaning to let like I've known the name and then meaning to check them out for a while
But I never really knew where to start with that how it's time you you now your arm information is power
Yes, thank you very much. Thank you
201 209 9368
Here on WFM you east orange WXH team out hope worldwide on the worldwide web at WFM you dot org
This is the best shown WFM you already one hour in the books
I Thought we had a winner on our hands tonight. This shows a straight-up flop
Tank job right Mike
You don't agree good, huh?
But Mike Mike that is endorsement. That's all he cares about I
Am ready to announce I will read to you
the WFM you listener
the results as as of this morning for the 2008
election for the mayor of Newbridge, the Newbridge mayoral election. And just
remember, you go over to friends of tom.com to the message board. You register
if you're not registered yet. And then you can vote. You can vote once a day. But
when you do vote that once a day, you can vote for as many candidates as you
want. There's only a couple weeks left. The polls close. What is it like the
the 13th of October something like that I'm gonna go from least to most in last
place with 121 votes Thor from Newbridge number 12 12 we have Paul from
consolidated cardboard with 153 votes. Number 11 with 200 votes, Chief Ray
Ploppelton. At number 10, Tor Halversom with 266 votes. Number 9, this one's a
little shocking. I thought this guy might have done a little better. Dr. Fred
Myers, my former shrink with 278 votes.
At number 8, the man known simply as Bob with 288 votes.
At number 7, Bishop Pablo Fontana with 401 votes.
In 6th place in the new bridge Mayubinatorial electoral race, Zachary Brimstead Esquire
with 753 votes at the would have thought he would be a little higher here's one
that's surprising though at number five hammerhead the hardcore party candidate
with 837 votes and here's where it gets interesting at number four pudge
paulfner with 960 votes number three the one and only marquee Ramon with 1,048
votes and now it's tight. The number two and number one ranking right now to see
who can be the mayor with a couple more weeks to vote at number two associate
producer Mike with 1,169 votes and that means that in the lead right now
September 29th, as of September 29th, 2008, Philly Boy Roy Ziegler with 1,237 votes.
You or what, about 60 votes away? Yeah, Mike, Mike, it's close. It's close.
Mike and Philly Boy Roy, that's a, that's a, that's a foot race now.
go to friends at home dot com to vote
and then you're on the air
a comment and redone in georga
a henry this is the henry
henry and well it's a henry but i'm i think this is the henry
well you know it's funny there were a couple of things uh... like i it was
one of those moments i just came in from uh... walking the dogs and
i heard you uh... just whack
poetic about unrest and you know what
it's one of those few moments where you
echoed almost identically what i would have told him
but uh... the fact that we live in two thousand eight and
there these kids who don't know about unrest
kind of irritates me so
i i i i just wanted to call and
congratulate you on telling him exactly what i would have told him all
well thank you i i said that that young man will find his way through the unrest
catalog and uh... what one could only hope
one could all do it will do it i could feel it
now you
henry
aka henry owing's
the man
who uh... is the uh... the uh... the uh...
the chief
the chia the c e o
of uh... chunk of l l c
you have some very exciting uh... news you have to
new releases out not just one to there is a new issue of chunklet
finally which is out right now finally
that only took forever
how many years between issues
uh... tom i don't want to think about it but it's right around three
uh... a lot of that is because i've been working a lot with
you know like a bunch of medians like real
you know not musicians you've been best answer themselves can you've been but
i've been busy you know we did the overrated book and
touring a lot but
i got a new issue out finally night i think it was worth the wait
i do i have it i have it staring at me i haven't even had a chance to open it
have been waiting for a moment
and then you have you have so there's a new issue of chunk let out which
everybody i guess
but also
if that wasn't enough
in stores now
well can i can i interrupt you really quickly
uh... you also have to remember that there is a uh... a single
that people can get with the issue
uh... which it features uh... mister zak alifenakis and uh... mister
teddy rock star yes ted leo and the pharmacists
uh-huh
and they're doing uh... they're doing it
uh... some rock and roll dreams will come through on the single i believe yes
as they they recorded just for the single and it it turned out marvellously it
should be
should be arriving from the
pressing plant any day now it's very exciting i i i i i've heard i got a
sneak listen to it
it says that it's worth the wait anybody who bought it is waiting i
guarantee it's worth the way that's how people are going to love it
they're going to love it so they're not going to like it
they're going to like it
so that's a split single that it that people who
what who mail order it gets
yeah yeah yeah i i always try and award people that
you know go the extra effort yes so
well they they they have a thrill waiting for them
when they go and order it and uh... and on the other hand
say i'm a i'm a voracious reader
i can read south
uh... stay you know what you would you would you would uh... slow down the
most voracious reader right now
with the one two-punch the other thing is the rock bible
yes which is an actual book
yet you have originally it was uh... supposed to be a theme to an issue
uh... and
it was one of those things were just kind of snowballed
and that seven weeks later a book was done
suddenly i i wish i were you know it like exaggerating but it literally took
seven weeks bang
and uh...
i sent it to a couple of people and they all said to find a publisher and i
didn't just came out like literally like last week who was the publisher on
that
uh... quirk
uh... out of philadelphia and i don't want to sound like a big shot or
anything from because the last thing you need is people
you know like swing in their way to round with you but
it is number one on amazon's uh... contemporary christian uh...
category
really like in in the rock uh... quotations i i think it's because of the
bible
uh... the words of amazon right now and look it's number one in three of the
most absurd like non-sequitur categories just because it has the word
by the word so the word bible is just a trigger word
exactly so people are getting so people are around the country are are
are opening their their amazon box and being horrified
the fact that there's some book just filled with the
filth about rock music
and it's not that yeah but i mean that the book was one of those things that you
know when we started working on i was like
why hasn't this been done it it's a guide book for everything
to and not to do in rock music from everything
you know like from not wanting to wear your own band's t-shirt to not wearing
shorts
uh... while you're on stage you know like the pointers for groupies to
everything and so
it just cut it where where as originally we thought all this will just be the
theme to an issue
it it it just manifested itself into this huge
project in a very short amount of time that's got a fact that this guy's got a
book that i'm at zero right now in the book count
yet what was the what was the book you're looking at doing uh... book for the
first alarm e p
the thirty three and a third uh... company
miss the missed it i would know i wouldn't work for those guys now
i was going to write one on totally crossed out by chris cross
i want to write one by cornerstone bias what about so the wet sprocket if you
thought about that i did not like that and i would not what about the coolies
the coolies
you mean they feel he's offshoot
that actually they were from georgia i believe they were the coolies all that
remember that and i'm i'm mixing up with young woo i'm not going to write about
how about follow for now
i'm just fine i'm spitball in here with you tom i would work i would work for
these guys i'm i'm willing to know that you know these people at thirty three
and a third can
run with that you know
all of the kids over in williams burgle by they can't get me know they can't
have me thirty three and a third
they had all their fun
they'd all their fun uh... letting me be the goon who uh... who uh... uh...
talked about their things every week
this guy's didn't even send me a free a figure they send a free book up here
those things are those things cost thirty cents the mail
their their uh... an ounce
thirty three and third
more power to you
you missed it best show
and thirty three and third nothing to do with each other
if they called right now saying they they would uh... a wire over a check to
get me writing now
i'd rip the check up in their face
sick of it sick again passed over
i know you're officially shunning them i am i'm done with it done with it
coming from amish country shunning the pretty big deal
i've been shunned
yet lower i
the lower i got i got to be here for the nation
yeah you know it will do all i'm still to all i'll drop a barn on them
it
well i don't want to take up any more your time i just wanted uh...
calling compliment your your choice of unrest record or really you're sweet to
do that i want to say to people
they should go to chunklet
dot com for more information
on any of the releases that uh...
henry ohings has out now whether it's the new issue of chunk of which comes
with the special
single it is uh... tiddley and zach alphinakis on it or
it's the exciting book
the uh... bible of rock
yeah and uh... and uh... not that you know many
fans of the show would be interested but i'm also putting out
to record simultaneously tomorrow by this uh... ban from georgical harvey
milk
which uh... i'm very very excited about
so you are where you are now you are like uh... you have a little empire
going
well it's it's
i got a lot of free time tom
it's either walking the dog like cooking gumbo or putting out records just
don't like one of the three of the world might as well go with what i
what i know stick your chest out
there's nothing wrong with the u
yes i am running an empire
i have yet
and uh... hey com one last thing that happened uh... you know have some free
time next weekend
come to georgia i have the the trunklet fifteen th anniversary is uh...
going on with uh... brian post saying and
mastodon and brant wine box uh... your hundred a bunch of other rock band
you should come down
uh... i don't think you can uh... be making it down to georgia next weekend
no forty-watt
anytime com any time you want to know i appreciate the offer forty-watt
thank you for welcoming it
allowing me to go into a state
uh... well yeah
now i actually i'm busy i have an exciting
weekend mike and i are going to go out to new hope
pennsylvania
you know that that that that's near where i'm from actually
you're going to be that i'm i'm from york and that new up is really quite well
we're going to go to york also uh... and check out the harley davidson museum
uh... if if you want to just uh... touch base with me and all i'll be happy to
tell you where to go so you don't have to go to a five guys again
all right you know what though
i heard about there's this thing down there called uh...
called friendlies which i'm interested in checking out
who friendlies is good friend you should try martin's potato chips
they're the best right now like martin's potato chips
they uh... it trust me
you will their extraordinary and uh...
i don't know tasty cakes are always a good
a good uh... say fat and you know it's like the plant the
bevy uh... remember hand-made pretzels
uh... smitties
blah blah blah.
I'm in New Jersey right now.
The tasty cakes flow like water here.
Well, I live in Georgia, you know,
tasty cakes are kind of unheard of here.
So.
Well, it's kind of like,
maybe we should do like a smoking in the bandit,
but with tasty cakes.
Like is it like,
is it like the,
somebody in Georgia needs tasty cakes for a party
and they get a tractor trail or full of crimpets.
I would not turn them down, Tom.
one last thing as long as we're talking about tasty cakes
use how many votes to filly boy royale
uh... in the may of the tutorial election
he has
check again
looking
searching
for the email
and which i sent it to myself he is one thousand two hundred thirty seven
votes compared to mike associate producer mike one thousand one hundred and sixty
nine votes
okay i'm not trying to sound like a big shot or nothing but i've actually
met
filly boy roy face-to-face
and uh... i'm i'm marveling
how he's able to get that many votes it's like
i don't know you just have like on a
you know a phone vast in a
filly shirt and i was like
this guy can like
like so when you said the number i just didn't believe it people of them
children love them
uh... don't know if you are not are not voting
uh... in this election they are
uh...
anybody can go this one
well mister sharply i'll let you go thanks for taking my call and uh... have a
good night you have a good night not me you
fm you're on the air
hi tom
hi this is uh... jim from uh... stony point jim
weeks ago
jim from stony point now when you called what did you call about
i was calling about the jerk vultran a few weeks back and i had the uh...
the danny i yellow call
which excited uh... you and mike i think uh...
because he's always putting his mug and diners where i like to eat at night i
didn't appreciate that there was other jerks on that voltran what i thought
we're uh...
exceeded uh... the jerks in the iowa that's right so basically we're saying
this is where we ended up with the jerk voltran it is a perfect way of uh...
mike france sessa
good i don't know what
so happy brought that up again because uh...
the real reason why i call it was to check on the best show world domination
scheme phase one and i just wanted to
give you kudos and encouragement on on your original rant on the moment uh...
mike in the back of that that was some of the best bit of broadcasting i'd
heard a lot and i actually got a few minutes talk too much
you talk too much
it's given take
to give and take
know but i don't know but i don't know
cool down
Cool it down.
FM you, you're on the air.
Hello, Thomas, Julie.
Thanks, Maddie.
How are you tonight?
Um, same as always.
OK.
Tom, I really talk too much.
Which guy?
Glass guy.
Yes, he did.
Tom?
It's an astute observation.
I wonder where you could have ever put that together.
I don't know how I put it together.
I only am agreeing with you.
What am I doing here?
I don't know what.
So what can I do for you tonight, Julie?
I called to apologize for talking to Spike.
So I talked too much last week.
I'm sorry.
You didn't talk too much.
You did fine.
You wanted to interview Spike, and you did.
I didn't really want to, but I did in a way.
You did.
You mentioned it nine times.
Yeah, I know.
That means you did.
Nine?
Did I?
Oh, boy.
Oh, boy.
I pictured this show one way in my mind.
I pictured it one way, and suddenly it's another way.
This is not what I foresaw.
I did not see this coming.
Oh, I was all fired up.
I told Omar, I was like, look out, here comes a good one.
He's probably sitting at home wondering when the good one's going to come.
Was it going to be after this turkey?
Oh, boy.
Got to turn it around.
Unbelievable.
Unbelievable.
So I'm looking at the new WFMU schedule.
Fear not.
Best shows where it belongs.
Tuesdays at eight.
Not going anywhere.
Can't stop the best show.
We are where we belong, Tuesdays at 8th.
Evan Funk Davies will be following this program.
As always, the six hours of power.
All kinds of exciting stuff on the schedule, which starts on October 6th,
which is Monday, coming up.
Then I see this show listed on Fridays from six to seven called Shut Up Weirdo.
And this is their description. WFMU's civilized call-in show. What? Unbelievable.
Yeah, they are taking shots at the kid. What do you think I'm doing here?
What do you think I'm doing?
What do you think I'm doing?
This is what I'm going to say right now. Look, I heard one episode of this show.
Look, between you and me and the wall,
this ain't no threat. This thing.
WFMU civilized
calling show. Sickening.
right now putting the word out
the host on the show are
Andy Cohen and Frankry
got to eleven o'clock tonight I want to hear from one of these two
I want to hear from one of these two to uh...
I think one of these two's got to kiss the ring, so to speak.
Do you know who I am?
This is the best show.
Now, the show's not called that by accident.
201, 209, 9368.
I want to hear from either Andy Cohen or Frankery by 11 p.m.
It's a 927 right now. Shut up Weirdo's the name of their show.
WFMU civilized call-in show.
Ooh, well excuse me. Let me get my <E.D.> got out. It's six o'clock on Friday.
Yeah, who wants cucumber sandwiches? It's time for Shut Up Weirdo.
what am I slob over here doing this yeah the slob who show is a an ATM with it
when it comes with marathon time the slob who shows an ATM take shots at me how
dare you I heard this thing they were they were taking shots at all seven
second delay oh seven second delay stinks and what look seven second
it kind of does stink. But you know what? I've logged more miles on seven-second
delay than these guys and as I have the right to say that. Seven-second delay is
definitely peaked. Best years are way behind it. It's like, you know what it's
like? I can make fun of it. It's like cops busting on other cops.
Some rookie cop can't come in here, start busting on the chief.
If anything, these guys should be doing my laundry.
Rookie hazing.
It takes shots.
How dare you.
I might strip them of their show.
I might strip them of their show.
Attention, Andy Cohen, and or Frankery.
You have 91 minutes.
Well, that's kind of fun, right?
Ninety-one.
Because it's W-one, and then you went,
point in one, which.
So they have that to call 201-209-9368 and ask permission
to do a show on this station, from me.
Well, if I'm you, you're on the air.
Hi, Tom, how are you?
Hi, who's this?
This is Jim from Stoney Point again.
Jim from Stoney Point.
yelp submotor mouth
nothin'
and i think you're gonna dial it down a little bit let me uh...
let me in on the conversation
that's right what what is this uh... what are you doing a monologue
suddenly are you correct Ferguson
and all i tell you
i'm on the studio order you're not correct Ferguson and i'm not a correct
Ferguson audience member
you teach people man or say that though say i want to hear you
i want to make sure you get it
please say that back to me
I'm not Craig Ferguson a and b you are not the Craig Ferguson studio audience. Thank you. You want to know what?
Good
I'm a gentleman. I know that apparently other people don't think I'm a gentleman. They think what they think I'm
Doing a I got my troglodye here doing the show admittedly. This isn't WFM you civilized call-in-show
Yet as someone who's gotten the people a few times
You do more to teach people civility and manners in your way than they could ever do, but you know
I'm looking at right now. I got a book a new book by this guy Warren Buffet. Do you know who that is? I?
Yeah, I've heard of him. Yeah
It's guys a billionaire right Warren Buffet the snowball
It's called the snowball Warren Buffet and the business of life
If I was a dummy, I couldn't read this thing this thing's 950 something pages long listen to this
Listen Shh
Shh listen how heavy this thing is as it hits the floor
Yeah, it's a Tom
It is a Tom. I'm gonna read this thing
We're all about Warren buffet
I'd like to ask you how the the best show world domination scheme phase one is going and and also if there's any ways
The listening public can help out. Oh, thank you. It's very very polite of you. I
I appreciate that you know what we're gonna ramp I'm gonna I'm gonna the
election's gonna be over in a couple weeks the second that election is over
boom world domination scheme phase one goes into effect straight up boom nice
and you my friend you're in stony point how far away is that from where I'm at
it's about 45 miles or so I get you on 91 one sometimes right now I'm
listening on uh... ninety point one right so you're right you're right on
the bubble there
right on the right on the uh... the cusp of the venn diagram sort of speak
like that
what are going to dentists miller
yes right on the cusp of the venn diagram
at the pump with them
as the audience member
i said that maybe uh... let people know they can go visit i came to my
friend's house in the ninety point one and they're listening to it right now
So that's how maybe phase one one way the grassroots movement can grow. Yes to bring people together
Show up in your friend's living room, and actually I brought these bums a tuner an analog FM tuner
Specifically so they could listen to this program and some other programs that you're a good friend
Hey, man. Here's an idea just listen to this. You know what interventions are yeah
what if we get people to do the equivalent of like a of like what they do on bills in in the like when they're trying to get bills passed we'll just tack some like pork barrel fat onto interventions
that's right where it's like like you know the some guy walks in his house like his whole family and friends are sitting there
you've got a problem you've got a problem Craig you're doing you know you've got
to stop drinking you're ruining your life and it's like oh and by the way
just as a sidebar Tuesday night Tuesday nights on WFM you there's a fun show you
might like yeah this will build the pain of your your canal existence so maybe
we can get a little a little piggyback action gone with that yes sober up the
population and also improve their manners yes
exactly
i like it they don't know i got it
what's the lowest rank in an army is a private right
private or the end and i guess uh... you know in the c-faren ranks but yet
private well what's one rank above the private
uh...
i don't know
that's the question may be a corporal or something like that well guess what
i'm appointing you a corporal
in a very select rank
we're putting this together
at one point the friends of tom the very benign friends of tom was going to be
called sharplings army
mm-hmm
the trivia fact
yeah but you want to know what
i disregarded that
when the world turned upside down
but i'm not even going to bring it back i'm going harder now
you know if you are
you're a corporal
in the newest in the newest
little subset
the sharpling seals
listen i'm not going to let you down tom
you don't thank you and you can't
thanks buddy
they have a great night
two oh one two oh nine nine three six eight
andy coen and or frangory heaven uh... eighty five minutes to call up
and ask permission to do their show
next friday
fm you're on the air
tell them it's uh... frank from we hawking frank from we hawking quality
caller
thanks how's it going out of this week all right
not too shabby
not too shabby
uh...
not to get your blood boil again but the the dandy and frangry do the first
time i'm actually ever hearing about them i mean
i'm fuming that they would make such accusations of you
uh... and the show itself
uh... sickening
it's sick you know what though i can't complain about it
because i have a new policy on the show i don't complain all the time
i do it during very select segments
very select segments
very responsible
now i understand i'll be a jerk about it
a follow-up is uh... you know if you haven't actually made a thing and what
happens is that they don't kiss the rings by uh... by eleven o'clock decide i
will a decision will be made
and uh...
uh...
finally can i try to do an imitation of one of the college to their shows
Let's not, let's not get into that yet.
Dude, like a, like a, well, don't do that.
Guys doing his own routine over there.
Now, look, they might do the,
they might do the greatest show in the history of radio.
I don't know.
Actually, it's not that bad.
They might blow me out of the water
with their super intense wild unbridled talent.
But, WFM use civilized call and show.
Current events of specialty.
How about those vice presidential debates for angry?
So I'm only going to complain, very select segments, very select segments.
Whenever I complain now, I complain the length of 180's song, it's the only way I complain.
the length of an 80's song.
Unbelievable.
I can't believe this.
This is the most insulting thing.
I'm here doing this show every week.
Coming up on year 10 of the...
No, year eight of the best show.
Year eight.
Oh, the horrible Bush years.
This show's been there, made everybody laugh.
The rate of the worst years ever.
Do you know what?
All of a sudden I look
Apparently on yesterday's news
I'm on the scrap heap
Got these rookies taking shots at me
Sickening
You know, I was not kidding about that 33 and a third stuff
That makes me want to barf
Makes me ill
You know who I am
And this iTunes thing is just, that's just, that's criminal at this point.
The show is in some weird free fall on the podcast, on the podcast rating.
You know, if you go to iTunes and you check out the top podcasts,
the show slips lower and lower each week.
I'm even doing the show. I don't know. I'm doing it anymore. The other things I could be doing with my time
unbelievable
Yeah, I'd be better served being at home reading the comic book. Oh
My god, I'm looking for where the show is in the top 100 of the iTunes comedy podcast number 85
You should see the online look at the things that are ahead of me
This is literally a podcast called nobody's listening is beating me so
something that has that nobody's listening is beating the best show
podcast number 57 the Jim Rome Smackoff getting beat by Jim Rome
Jonathan Katz a were back oh I can't even look at that I actually get a knot in
my stomach now you know I walk around my throat tight you know it's hard for me
to breathe this stuff is killing me slowly
unbelievable what am I gonna do this is slapping the face straight up slapping
the face
It hurts, it's what it comes to.
It hurts.
I give and I give and I give and I give.
And that's what I'm left with.
And that's what I'm left with.
2-0-1, 2-0-9, 9-3-6-8.
is a number here on the best show in WFM you let's get right to it put a topic on
the table at 940 how about that later and later so anyway I'm watching the the
David Letterman program last night I see Michael Sarah on fun fun young man
from Arrested Developments and all the things he's done.
Someone I'm watching and he's on and then it's a funny interview. Then afterwards,
David Letterman says, coming up next, Pete Seager. Pete Seager.
I gotta see this. I do not, I've made it clear on this show. I do not like Pete Seager.
Go with his axe trying to chop the soundboard. They should have let him chop it. He would have gotten electrocuted
When Bob Dylan's up there playing. We go to stop this guy. Yeah, go ahead. Go ahead Pete. Chop away
We go to stop
So he goes up he starts that
They come back from a commercial break Pete Seeger's gonna play a song
I'm looking at him up there and I'm realizing, this guy is 89 years old, he looks pretty
good.
In fact it was great, 89 years old, he's up there with his banjo, well the factually the
first thing I did I was like, wow look how good this guy looks.
And I realized I was mistaking Pete Seager for Bob Seager and I realized that Bob Seager
doesn't look that good that Bob Seager I was like wow Bob Seager looks pretty
good I realized it was Pete Seager Bob Bob Seager actually looks like he's a
hundred and fifteen I thought he was gonna play I was like wow is he gonna
play night moves on a banjo and I realized it was Pete Seager so he
starts playing some song he gets the crowd singing along he's having a good
old time up there doing it. And you know what I said? Good for you, Pete Seeger. Good for you.
You're 89 years old. You're up there doing it. You're playing your banjo. You're singing about
Martin Luther King. Getting everybody happy. Getting everybody to think.
When I'm 89, first of all, I'm never going to make it to 89. I've got an all seriousness,
three years left at best three years and by the way when I'm gone you'll all
realize what left you'll all realize then they then you'll realize the depth
of the iceberg you'll realize how deep that iceberg went you'll realize that
Tom was not unlike a comet he left us as fast as he arrived and he left the
Magnificent trail a mile long
For us to all admire and only one's gonna come through every lifetime
That's neat. That's not what we're talking about
And I'm talking about me being dead
We are talking about Pete Seger who is not dead 89 he's up there playing banjo
good for him
the topic
Good for you
201-209-9368 and you know what this is this is like a two-sided coin good for you it could be
The positive thing where you're like good for you good for you Pete see you're up there playing
Good for you Mickey Rourke making your comeback with the wrestler
go guy
Mopin it up with awards at the Venice Film Festival the wrestler by the way
If anybody remembers Todd Barry was in here earlier this year talking about a movie he
was in with Mickey Rourke.
Comedian Todd Barry was talking about that.
That's the movie.
The movie that won Best Picture at the Venice, the Venice Film Awards.
Filmed in Bayon, exactly.
Best Picture at one.
So you say good for you or if somebody gets theirs, good for you, like the punishment,
the pain and the pleasure, 201, 209, 9368, the topic is officially on the table.
Good for you.
So I have to go to the phones ringing and also I want to hear from either Andy Cohen
or frangory getting them to uh...
basically uh... you know
show some respect your rookies
you're you're doing a rookie talk show
and you're going to call uh... come off as if you're uh... you're somehow uh...
running things
you can you're going to tell me you're going to call it take shots at me and
you're in your your show description
the civilized talk show
remember that doll the ghost face killer doll
they put out
was like five hundred dollars
like if you go to the ghost face doll dot com i believe it is
It was like this $500 dollar it was like a ghost face killer and it's like hey if you
go to it now let's see how much the ghost face doll is now checking it out the ghost
They've slashed $200 off the price of the Ghostface Killer doll, which they only made
and they made a thousand of them.
So now you can get the Ghostface Killer doll for $299, which now is only the most insane
rip off of anything ever and it's somehow even with $200 taken off it's
still I'm sure they get a lot of people buying it now with the way the economy
is now. Hey the ghost face the hole's $200 cheaper it's only 300 bucks for
for a doll. Y'all do it yeah why not let's go let's do it you want one who
wants one who wants a ghost face doll come on get one I'm getting one he's
getting one you want one all right we're getting that's five ghost face dolls
that'll be a fifteen hundred dollars okay that's fantastic yeah ship them
right out with topic on the table good for you 201 209 9368 FM you you're on
the air
i love your showman i'm uh...
gonna download podcast
all right
i wanted to uh...
send out a good for you
let's hear it
uh... i wanted to congratulate
go straight
lower-most prices for the working man can get himself a copy
great
very topical
thank you
second there's also some other show that got added to the schedule that i
I feel, I feel it should show some proper respect.
Is this a, there's something on Sundays now called,
what is it called?
Acoustic Theater Hour, Acoustomatic, Acoustomatic,
Jason G.
Come on.
That's going behind my back, getting the show.
Sneaky I don't like it fm you you're on the air. Hi. This is Phoebe from Hoboken. Hi Phoebe. How are you tonight?
I'm great. I really like your show. Oh, thank you
You sound really really cute. I am. What do you think I look like?
Probably like a little overweight. I'm a lot overweight
and how told you think I am I think you're about five ten I'm five one
that's the hell I am I'm five one two seventy oh beautifully just my time okay
you ever see Kyle gas you know who that you ever see tenacious D yeah a lot of
People mistake me for him.
Oh, for the other guy.
Yeah, the other guy.
They think, they're like, are you related to Kyle Gass?
Because I think like I'm like, his weird nephew.
People will call me mini-gas sometimes.
Because I look like the mini-me version of Kyle Gass.
Well, congratulations.
Thank you.
Hey, this is how God made me.
What am I supposed to do?
I love you.
Stop eating junk food.
I love you.
What can I say?
But I have a problem with the way you pronounce Warren Buffet's name.
Who's Warren Buffet?
It's not Warren Buffet.
You're talking about the book?
Yes.
The billionaire book.
Yes.
It's not Warren Buffet.
The snowball.
Warren Buffet and the business of life.
It's Warren Buffet.
I don't know.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
let me check on Wikipedia yeah why don't you do that hold on would you let me do
that please now please please because I've got to prove you wrong it says here
Warren it says pronounced buffet it does not check Wikipedia oh my god thanks
for calling two oh one two oh nine nine three six eight good for you that's the
topic on the table. If I'm you, you're on the air. Hi, Tom. Hi, who's this? This is
Dania. Dania from from Chicago. From Chicago quality. How are you tonight? I'm
pretty good. How are you doing all right? Are you are you the young lady who works
for NPR? No. No. That's not me. That's not you. No. What do you do for a living
on if you don't mind me asking. I work in a garden center. Really? Yeah. Like that
is it? Is that a fun job? Yeah, it's pretty cool. I like it. Mulch? What a mulch? Yeah,
we sell mulch. Well, actually, no, we don't sell it. We have it, but we don't sell it
to people. Okay. It's like in reserve. Really? So there's a mulch shortage? Well, we just,
I don't know we just don't it doesn't sell enough for us to want to sell it a lot. Okay. So we just what we use it for stuff
What can I do for you tonight?
Well before I tell you about my contribution of the topic. Yes
I just wanted to tell you that I sent in my
Smasher trash entry yesterday. All right. Did you mail it?
I mailed it. Yeah. Well, what is the name of the band or or artist?
The band is called Purikanes.
Purikanes? Like a cat?
Yeah, like a cat and a hurricane.
Do you think that accurately describes your music?
I don't know. Yes.
You want to know what? I'm going to put you down
for the first smash or trash that we do.
That we do coming up
in the new fall season of the best show on WFMU.
Starting next week, but we'll schedule all the seed eels show up. Maybe the week after we'll do it. All right, great
When was the last when was the last time you had smash your trash a while ago? Then a while. Yeah
Yeah, I think for the topic or you're just calling up to mention your band's name 35 times
What do you have for us done? Yeah, well Liz fair
Yes. I used to be a huge fan of listener. She put out that girly whatever that was called
album. I don't remember what I would call that. I would prefer to forget that
album ever existed, but I can't. So I just kind of, you know, hated her for a while.
Yeah. But now she's, you know, she's doing like scores for TV shows and stuff.
Mm-hmm. See you say good for you Liz fair. Yeah, she's doing what she wants to do so
More power to her, I guess you want to know what? Yeah, I tip my hat to you, Donnya
Good. Thanks. Um
201 209 9368
Who wants a ghost face doll
Hey, let's buy two of them and make them fight
if I'm you, you're on the air.
Hey Thomas, Charlie in Seattle.
Charlie in Seattle, how are you tonight, Charlie?
Pretty good. I just started a new job today.
Congratulations.
It's misery, actually.
What's the new job?
You got to do what you got to do.
It's a fine job.
You can complain.
It's inside in an office.
There's no heavy lifting and fine waves.
It's just really boring.
You know what?
What's that?
you did it well what would you not gonna have a job
i got to do it
you're grown
exactly i'm not really complaining about it i'm happy that my first day
so what do you got for me charlie
good for you
uh... u-sane bolt at the olympics when you show voting around and never and
the guys were complaining about a money wasn't shown respect to the
olympic yeah he beat him he did you know he beat him soundly
and he he managed to to uh...
dot to the end of the line
i mean you would
you would not want to see what it would be like if i was an olympic
athlete who's that good
idea to go i would go across the thing
i would probably do the chuk berry uh... duck walk across the finish line
exactly and he did it he did it uh... how many times three times
you know he showed them i mean that and the old the uh...
muckity mucks who run the olympics fossils who are ninety or a hundred years
old
and then meanwhile that they're signing up up
bmx to be the newest sport and then they're talking about the prestige i mean
good for bmx i'm not going to be mx but
you know if you want to pay the twenty-first entry go all the way
let the show voters come out that the bmx writers go and don't complain about
anything i say they get rid of the guy who runs the olympics you know they make
the new head of the olympics
jim rom
he would do it and it's too it's got to do it
that's a you get a pat is what it would be jim rohm
stuart scott and then for some credibility fill sims
right i think i think i thought i am and then they can cut to uh... frank
caliendo doing uh...
impressions of different olympic athletes
fat versions of olympic athletes
uh... like frank caliendo michael fell
i think that i'm fat michael films
like he'll just be like all Michael Phelps
and I'm fat.
I just drank 40 gallons of water.
That's why I'm fat now.
Now I'm gonna do my Michael Phelps impression.
Sometimes with those direct TV ads,
I don't know who he's doing.
Well, I don't even know who he's doing
on half of those now.
He's like, what?
Who is that supposed to be?
It's like Caliendo in a great wig, and I don't know.
Yeah, they just put some gray wig.
It's like, is it Bush?
Is it John Madden?
Who is it?
i'm not sure what is always doing william shatner
i don't know what it is they can't even sue
the celebrities can't do because he'll just say
now i'm not doing you
and you've got a little bit of territory where he's not doing the ring
he's entering rich little territory well i mean he's leaving with a little
terrible presence
impressions of people who know and will know about you know
like i was saying about frank caliendo
good for him
No, no, not go for him.
This guy, if you're frank, look, whatever.
It's hard, he's got his own show.
Right there, he beat the odds, he won the lottery.
Yeah.
You know, you got guys like, you got Christian Bale,
goes into some movie called The Machinist
that 11 people saw, and he doesn't eat for a year.
He'll do that movie.
You got this guy, he's kind of husky.
Mm-hmm, and I described how big I am on five one two seventy I lied about my weight
I'm 340 actually I was trying to show off in front of the ladies make myself a little thinner
But I know how hard it is
But you know what I ain't on camera doing this thing if I got some TV show
Well since like hey, I'm a big I'm a big boy, and that's I guess I guess that's the breaks no
No.
It's not, it's not just like, uh, you know, the rule, you're going to be fat forever.
You can change something.
This guy could have lost the weight.
I mean, he doesn't do any fat.
He doesn't even do impressions of fat people.
It's all like Al Pacino, not fat, Bush, not fat, none of these guys.
Only John Madden's fat, Jim Rome, not fat.
Look, Frank, just lose the weight.
move
uh... try to try to switch this is some vegetables
he's obviously got sort of like dedication to something to be practiced in
front of the mirror with all that stuff
the guy again the guy's good thank you that's a great point the guys clearly
got enough focus to learn how to do all these impressions
fifteen minutes to sit up today as to what's actually
thank you
see at a wisdom
see at a wisdom you have a great night
201, 209, 9368, FMU, you're on the air.
Hey Tom, how are you doing?
I'm doing right, who's this?
This is Tim and Milwaukee.
Tim and Milwaukee, how are you tonight?
I'm doing pretty well.
I'm excited about playoff baseball.
Yeah, you know, I was at the game.
It was actually pretty exciting.
It looked exciting.
I mean, I have no hopes, but we'll see how it goes.
That's all you can do sure I've got something for the topic let's hear it
so I want to give a good for you to read out Yankovic you want to know what
that's a great one go ahead explain it well because yeah I don't really care
for his stick that much it's kind of mildly amusing at best but he seems
like a really nice guy and he's got something that he can ride so he's 65
years old exactly look you know if you like weirdo
god bless you you found something you like
he he there's all kinds of all kids like them people who grew he's were young
when he was uh...
when he was uh... in the eighties they grew up on this guy
right he said he said you know everybody knows and says he's the nicest guy you've
ever met
he's still doing it
still tours around still puts out some sound
good for you weirdo yankovic
he did it
thank you
two oh one two oh nine
nine three six eight i forgot to bring in the uh...
ten leo uh...
rapid response
e-p which is available digitally
say charity
e-p
you can find out more over a touch and go uh...
the touch and go website is labeled
which i think is touching the records dot com i think
it's really great though and you can uh... you can do is a variety of uh...
pricing options for
support a good cause go uh... pick that thing up
two oh one two oh nine nine three six eight is the best shown w f m u here on
w f m u east orange w x h team and hope
worldwide on the world wide web at w f m u dot o r g we are doing it tonight
the topic
good for you
you know they say the certain movies are cursed
you hear about that mike
they say like uh... poltergeist was cursed
that uh... that little girl died and by the way uh... they did they did one
was direct tv commercials where they put that girl in it
with Craig T. Nelson in it.
It's like, that's not creepy.
It's like Craig T. Nelson acting like she's there.
Come on, Craig T. Nelson.
How much money you need.
So that movie, a few people died
who were in that movie.
I can't watch that movie ever again.
His little girl died.
He got a Dominique Dunn died.
I think the old lady died
You know, it's a cursed movie now I
Figured out two movies that were completely cursed and by the way the phone number 201 209 9368 you can call through
So put the phones tonight
It's dead
Sickening the show. I think the show is losing popularity
similarity. Seriously, you know what? I'm gonna make a decision for next week. This
might be it. You know why? Let everybody go over to whatever it's called. The
Shut Up Weirdo or whatever the name of that show is. Go over there. Let them
take you. Let them take on a thrill ride every week. I might be done. This might
be it. You thrill to that and then on Sundays you go listen to the
the acoustomatic theater
you don't want it i won't give it
you don't want it i won't give it
i don't think i'd rather be at home reading the comic book
smoking the bandit from nineteen ninety seven that is a movie
that is cursed
Actors left and right have died.
Jerry Reed just died.
Pat McCormick died.
Jackie Gleason died.
Ward Q Butler, who played one of the sheriffs, died.
Malcolm McCallman died.
Mel Pape died, who played the nude smoky in the movie.
It's cursed, but no movie in the history of cinema is as cursed as the movie from 1981
ghost story.
Every lead actor, I'm telling you, this movie from 1981, every lead actor in this movie
is dead.
a stare dead Melvin Douglas dead Douglas Fairbanks Jr. dead John
houseman dead the entire lead cast of ghost story is dead the movies only
that 27 years old and they're all dead ghost story the most cursed production
in all of show business history I mean we're talking about a movie from the
80s all these guys are gone was there some ghost on the set murdering them
maybe they were maybe they were courting a courting Satan or the undead on the
set of this horror movie for extra extra extra extra a cheap cheap ghoulish
thrills
but none of these guys are alive
that's not a coincidence
fm you you're on the air
they thought this is uh... this is really well first-time caller con from
new york
welcome
thank you
well if you don't got turned on to it a few weeks ago but i just want to
offer a uh...
uh... a little bit for the topic tonight and i'm going to say good for you
because here's how i look at it
when ratings come in for uh... for the shows
you know who's going to be uh...
who's going to be on top you are because you've got the fan base and uh...
you've got the uh... you've got the listeners to support it so you know what
i wouldn't spread too much about it
you know what i don't have that
you know what i don't have
civility apparently
apparently this show lacks civility
i love it
thank you i love it
i love it i think you're doing a great job and my friend
uh... whom you know uh...
he was it he turned me on to it and uh...
you know i'd
i feel that you're going to come out
you're going to come out on top so with that i'm going to say good for you
well thank you a very sweet call i appreciate that
well thank you and uh...
keep up the great work i'll thank you
fm you you're on the air
i'm doing all right how are you
this is called this dumb sound board goodbye
That couldn't even do the first one correctly.
It was me.
It was James doing something.
Because somebody put together a sound board of me,
which I was very flattered.
But you know what?
That thing needed more, it needed more, right?
Oh, look, I'm not blasting the guy who put it together.
It was an incomplete sound board.
you could not ape me on that soundboard
effectively
but james is at home on his uh... on his uh... what it what it whatever
computer he's got his house
uh...
cometer sixty four
sitting there uh...
figure in the now he's gonna he's gonna find a new level of of a spoofage
for the show
flamed out
fm you you're on the air
i just want to say however uncivil the show is no one else referred to comorosa
fifty fours on the air and uh...
the show much survive
this might be the phones are dead
i think i think i i i'm picking up on a sea change here
hey here
here's the city
hey hey hey you know that they're well what am i
well what what are you having a cab
hey hey
talk to me that way
Wow, that was, I kind of jumped the trigger on that one.
Hit a bully.
Sorry.
I will issue an informal apology to that guy.
I have not heard from either Andy Cohen or Frankly,
The host of New Show on Fridays on WFM you called Shut Up Weirdo.
It's a rookie show.
Look, again, welcome to the schedule.
Welcome.
I welcome you rookies.
The new crop, I welcome you all one.
I was a rookie at one point.
I appreciated the welcoming that I got from the vets around here, took me under their
wings.
They helped me.
But when I got there, I didn't act like I was running the joint right off the bat, taking
and shots at them
fm you you're on the air
i have a secret to my co-story with such a cursed movie
hold on what what is your name first of all
my name is alex
okay
and you're calling from uh... how did you make this phone out of what uh...
tools exactly
you know what it's an iPhone but i'm on the road and the iPhone suck when you're
not in a big city
so i'm sorry but
well that's a great phone
that's a ringing endorsement
it's a good technology
what
now we got a truck route i guess i don't know
uh... here's the deal you know why everybody's ghost story died
why
because they were all ninety five years old when they made the movie
what
john houseman
and
the other guy
Douglas Fairbanks junior
and
and
they were all hundred and fifteen years old and they made the movie
then they died
hold on a minute
you mean to say
that the reason the cast of ghost story
made in nineteen eighty one remind you
a mere twenty seven years ago
reason that the entire the entire lead cast of ghost story are no longer with us
is because they were all aged at that point
i believe they would go to rip us about fifteen years ago
yeah it's like it's like saying nobody from the original ken kong is still a lot
but that's in a movie from the thirties
that they don't be two hundred years old now not everybody but i think that was
fair bangs true here
not about this
not about what
not everybody from uh... bill and ted's excellent adventure is dead
That's true.
Not everybody from Mannequin is dead.
But everybody from Ghostory is, ah,
it sounds a little fishy to me.
201, 209, 9368.
Best show going through its final laps here.
Hey, Mike, you might want to email either Andy Cohen or
Frankly and see if they need a call screener
Right now, I feel like Arnold Schwarzenegger must have felt when he's like put out that last run of movies that nobody cared about
like
My new movie end of days is out nobody cares
Whatever it was the sixth whatever I didn't know what these things were these awful Arnold Schwarzenegger movies eraser
When all of a sudden he's realizing, hey people maybe don't want what I'm selling anymore.
That's the saying right there.
That'll be next year's sticker, the final sticker for the best show.
I guess people don't want what I'm selling anymore.
Writing's on the wall.
I thought I had it.
I thought I had clout.
I thought I had something in the bank.
Guess not.
That's not.
Phones are dead as can be.
And speaking of which, people were saying cocoon.
The movie cocoon is cursed.
It's not.
Wilford Brimley is as healthy as a horse, even though he's dealing with his diabetes.
Never see that commercial where he talks about anybody with diabetes, it's diabetes.
But the weird thing, and I was digging pretty deep with the history of these movies here,
the little rascals.
You know the little rascals, Mike?
How many of them were there?
12, 13, they're all alive.
one of the little rascals is still alive. Isn't that nuts? I think they should
get them together for a new movie. Bring back all the little rascals, all our
favorites. There was the one that wasn't funny and then there was the other one
that wasn't funny. There was that weird-looking kid who wasn't funny. FMU, you're
on the air
i
uh... this is uh... matt from that
matt from where
mess but where's that
that's in queen
well thank you for calling matt
it doesn't work out if i think that
it doesn't look like you you're on some sort of island off of the cake
yes exotic
palm tree filled mess but
what can i do for a young man
uh... won't i don't have anything for the topic per se but you mentioned peak
figure earlier yes
and uh... it reminded me that i grew up
uh... kind of in his neck of the woods
in upstate new york
and uh... you would have
i i never saw him but he made frequent appearances
in the local newspaper whenever he would you know do something
is this river fest everything
every single time that he would
appear, then the very next, you know, week, day, whatever, there would be this flood of
angry letters to the newspaper about how he was a communist.
And this is, I mean, mind you, this is like, we're talking late 80s, early 90s, this is
post-Berlin Wall, but apparently there are enough people who are still so angry about
him, possibly, probably not, but, you know, maybe sort of, once upon a time, thinking
about being a communist
that like everything that he had done
post
whenever that was
was uh... you know invalid
i'm telling you look in the sea of these uh...
these uh... dimwits uh... in the cast of that movie uh... american carol
all getting older and getting conservative
the kelsey grammars in the denis hoppers
and the uh... john voids
of the world
And the David Zooker, these guys all, you know, the fact that this old dude's up there, and he's still doing it, and he's still, he's still the guy who he was in, in terms of his, uh, his outlook on the world.
I gotta admit, Pete Ziger, I did it in about face last night.
Yeah, well, I had to you, Pete Seeger.
Yeah.
He was spry.
He was up there tapping his foot, playing that banjo, goofing around.
I think I might have to go see him.
That's what I was thinking.
You know, you would see him in the newspaper, he'd see him on the local news, and he'd be,
you know, this happy banjo playing guy, and then, you know, I would be astounded, and
I was still a kid when this was going on, but, you know, he'd read the paper, and he was
communist and somehow the site of pete seager on tv was um...
you know just a prompt for angry letters about stalling
yes this guy
local newspaper in upstate new york
this guy is not exactly uh...
energizing the youth of america
to to uh... to uh... to uh... overthrow the government
he's out there doing it
he's getting it across
I say to you, Pete Seeger, good for you.
Thank you, young man.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hello, this is Dan from Rochester.
Dan from Rochester, how are you tonight?
I'm good, how are you?
You know what, I'm not doing well.
I'll admit it.
All right, well, you know what, this is why I'm calling.
No, I'm not looking to get it.
I'm not looking for people to pump me up either.
I'm not trying to pump you up all along the way.
I can read the writing on the wall.
I know what time it is.
So everybody's got to leave the stage.
Come on, that's what the time is.
He's got to leave the stage at some point, all the greats, all the greats, and I am one
of the greats.
I'm not making any bones about that.
But it's also a deniable, perhaps you have a large Jewish fan base.
Maybe they're all hell celebrating.
What?
It's Russia, Shama.
What's that mean?
It's the Jewish New Year.
Big holiday.
New Year's is in January.
Not if you're Jewish.
Hold on a minute.
You got it.
not literally hold on
all i'm saying you keep saying andy coen where's andy coen he's out eating
brisket
he's not calling you he's eating brisket
ten twenty what's this guy eating that late
nobody should be in a ten twenty
look at those stuff to pass out you fall asleep
or book a you know what
you agree with you on this you're right
i'm just saying that the poor time of the phone's liven up
poor time
Andy Cohen, you have one week to get in touch with me
to right the wrongs of what your show
purports to be on the station.
There you go.
You have one week.
All right.
This guy's got a call.
I want this guy to call up.
I want him to kiss the ring.
You think I'm joking?
Think I'm here.
Do you think this show's a think this chopped liver?
chopped liver very well like that snort laugh ears at all
picture of chopped liver
to see a doctor about that
snort laugh
fm you're on the air
hey
let's vote
hey hoe
let's vote
they get in the vote mine
the check the box with the name is mine
i'm the mayor and that is fine
the voting bob
uh... i know who this is
you know you don't know who this is there's no way you know who this is
mark your own
it mark
how are you doing
i'm doing okay are you how are you doing
i'm doing all right
yavin a good night
sure i i i'm i'm doing okay
you drumming
i'm not no i'm not a drummer
i'm drumming everybody should play the drums
really it's that something everybody should do
i want to check in with something with you
okay
how how soon till i get to move into that hot
to the hot
yet a man's hot all the new editorial hot
yeah women in the polls right
well you're not winning now now you're you're behind
wait what
but
you're in third right now you're uh...
uh...
associate producer mike
he's ahead of you by uh... about a hundred and twenty votes
and filly boy roy who is ahead of you by uh...
about uh... uh... you know like a hundred and eighty votes
he's got some good ideas are not good mind though
i'm getting measured for my may or i'll uh... let the jacket tomorrow
Well, isn't that a little presumptuous to assume you're going to win?
Isn't it what?
Presumptuous to assume you're going to win.
Isn't it what?
Presumptuous.
I don't know what that is.
Aren't you spelling it now, or are you spelling it now, or are you spelling it?
I'm not spelling it.
Well, I think it's a little.
I can't even say the word again.
Shouldn't you wait to see the results of the election?
Next thing I know you're going to ask me if I went to early
getting that little plaque on my desk.
The little plaque that's going to go on your desk as mayor?
Yeah.
You know what it says?
What's it say?
It says the mayor is dot, dot, dot, eclipse.
You know what an eclipse is?
Yeah.
An eclipse, ellipsis, yeah.
the mayor is dot dot dot
in time
that's a drama's joke
all okay
uh... gone over my head
oh yeah you know when you play to a click track and you're on the beat with
the click
that means that you play it in time
no no okay that makes it hilarious
you know we didn't use a click track too much though you know tommy used one
on the
on the early records but i didn't really need one
You're more you're a more precise drummer than Tommy. Oh, yeah, you know
I think you know come to think of it
We did use one a couple of songs on mondo bizarre row and maybe life's a gas on adios amigos
You know come to think of it. There was this one time when we was doing cabbies on crack from mondo
Yeah, and I was so dead on with the click track that it just disappeared
You know and when when you're so dead on like that nobody could hear nobody hears the click track at all
Yeah, you know so after the song at spasium the producer goes man mark
You was dead on with that click track longer than I ever had anyone ever and I and then I this is a classic
Monkey thing and I go I go. Thanks Ed now. Maybe they'll let me have a little more of the t-shirt sales
Everybody's thought cracking up even John had to laugh at that one. Mm-hmm, but he didn't
He just got madder and madder and madder I'm sorry that's okay that's all you know
that's that was pretty good that well stories like that I guess are oh I got a
million of those sure you do have a million of those oh yeah you want a
couple more let me talk to you more about this election yeah yeah so you
Sorry, go ahead.
Oh, I was going to say I want to make a good impression when I got to go on in the next
January.
I, you know, I just think you should, you should wait to see what happens.
There's, there's a.
I know what.
I'm going to win.
You think you're going to win?
I know I'm going to win.
There's a couple weeks to go.
I mean, look, anything can happen, but there's still time to go on this thing and I don't
think it's time.
I don't think you can jump the gun yet.
Well, I'm still getting that jacket in that plaque, you know, because like I said, I want
to make a great impression which reminds me of a great story
and this is very apple pro what we're talking about
mm-hmm
okay
just gonna let that one go was what is it
it was the final show you the remote final show without no way at the palace
you know
and if you've ever seen the way out of here dvd you know that any better
saying any way you want it with that is our last song
yeah i thought that was a kind of a uh... it was very fitting i mean i got
say is there any song that you want to see the Ramones go out on other than a
Dave Clark song that we never really played before in LA nonetheless with
Eddie Vedder who has nothing to do with the Ramones actually singing on it well
he was John's friend yeah but I whatever that's how the Ramones ended on a weird
note but that's neither here nor there so so I was all excited because I knew
the band was over
and i figured if i made a good impression on eddie that maybe next time
the drum thrown the pearl jam was vacant
eddie would maybe think of me
the drum thrown for pearl jam
yeah because yeah i'm everybody knows that that that thrown is kind of
subject to change and it's highly coveted
would you would would you doubt that that's a highly coveted thrown host
uh... i would know i would agree that the drum thrown for
Pearl Jam would be a highly coveted one.
Yeah.
So anyway, we're getting ready to sound check that day.
And I noticed there's this squeak on my bass drum pedal.
And I don't want that squeak to be there when Eddie shows up,
you know?
So I sent my drum tech bubbles out to get some oil.
OK.
And bubbles comes back, and it don't work.
The squeak is still there.
So after a little investigation, we figure out
that one bolt is rubbing up against this one nut.
And that's what's called from the squeak.
Now I send bubbles off to get replacement parts.
And he comes back and they're not the right ones.
And the other guys was cool about it.
It was taken so long.
But guess who wasn't?
Johnny.
John, he just kept getting madder and madder and madder.
And I sent bubbles out to get the right nut.
And he finally comes back with the right one.
And then we realized that the original nut is rusted
and we gotta crack it off, you know?
Gotta break it off.
Okay.
And so after like half an hour,
it's me and Bubbles and Monty
and we're trying to break this nut off the pedal.
And then I turn around and this is a classic mock-y thing.
I go, you're never gonna believe what I said.
I said, man, that was a tough nut to crack.
Oh man.
even even john had to laugh at that one and did he
but he didn't okay
he just got madder
and madder and madder
seems to be a common thread going through some of these stories
and you don't rush my adventures
well i'm sorry what
you don't rush my adventures
your adventures
you're shutting me down
no i'm not shutting you down and this business so much longer than you have
some respect
Okay, I apologize, Mr. Ramon piece of sea wrap. Oh, I'm sorry. Hey, speaking of adventures. Yeah
Do you see the news and by or a day today?
Okay, no, I did not see the news in variety
New lion cinema. Yes, they just announced the Brotherhood of the Traveling floor Tom
well what is that it's a it's a movie it's about for the greatest drummers of
all time getting together and going on a mystical journey of self-discovery
and who are these drummers oh well geez the biggie the big four the big four
who are in the big four well John Barnum from Led Zeppelin sure buddy rich
Yeah. And you know who? You. Yeah.
Marky Ramon. So it's so why? It's the four of what did you call these drummers?
Pardon me. Oh, the name of the movie? No, the name of the movie was the what? The brother?
The brotherhood of the traveling floor Tom.
Brotherhood of traveling floor Tom. But you kind of referred to like a lofty
the
thing about that they were all like legends or something
what
yeah what the war are you are you repudiate in it
now that's that look that's fine
and but i guess just that it
whatever look i'm glad you're in the movie congratulations
thank you you know it takes place in nineteen seventy eight for none of us
get to actually play a spell
really
yeah nobody's playing themselves in his own with it has there been any
casting decisions made yet
uh... yeah uh...
eric robert is plainly
eric robert's
oh yeah he's great
i've been showing him how to play you know you've got to play the sixteen
notes on the high hat hmm
a lot of rock drummers they can play the eight you know the eighth notes in the
quarter notes but you've got to be able to do the sixteenth note
so you've been training eric robert's to play you in the movie
and john bonnet isn't playing himself either well he passed away who's playing
John Bonham. Yeah. Did they cast anybody? Yeah. Kevin Farley. Kevin Farley. Oh, yeah.
Wow. From from the American Carol. Exactly. Have you seen it yet? It's so good. I, yeah.
No, I haven't. You saw it. I got a DVD advance of it. It's so good. It makes you have pride
once again. Pride. You mean in America? Oh, yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Makes you want to put
you chuck back on
okay said that that i didn't know that that was a
that that went hand-in-hand with showing pride
or totally good hand-in-hand yeah okay
hey i just hope i just hope my deal gets worked out soon because it's it's
taken a while now just been fighting my time
again i can't call you on every one of these but what what is the deal for the
movie
call me on what what do you mean
biting my time
you're biting your time it's like when you
like when you're waiting for something to happen and it takes so long if like
you want to go up to that clock
and just take a big old bite out of it
i don't i think it's biting my time but that that's actually biting my time is a
pretty good way of putting it
well that's what i was part but you know
you gotta get philosophical about it the universe runs on its own time tape
timetable you know when
pretty much only jesus christ knows for sure
Okay, I don't want to talk about religion with you.
I really don't want to talk about religion.
Like I said, I'm just hoping this money deal comes from you.
But no on the religion thing.
Oh, I don't want to talk about that.
I want to talk about the money that I'm talking about.
I guess it's like a scale kind of gig.
Guess I'll be getting more than what I got on Shana.
You were on Shana now?
Oh, yeah, back in the day, yeah.
The Ramones were?
Absolutely.
Experience, maybe you could be my yeah my agent with the money stuff. I
Don't have any agenting experience. I think you need a license to be an agent. Oh, so you got to get a license
Okay. Oh geez. Okay. I didn't know I was to be right this time. I didn't know I was talking to Warren Buffett. Uh-huh
Okay, well, it's funny you mentioned Warren Buffet. We were actually talking about him earlier on the show.
What were you saying because I just read his new book?
Well, you read this book?
Oh, yeah, I read it today.
I just bought this thing, the Snowball. It's like 950 pages.
Oh, yeah, Snowball, Warren Buffet in the business of life.
You read it?
Absolutely. I'm a ferocious reader. I read five books a day.
Five books a day? Well, when did you get this book?
this book i got today
i read it in the store pretty much
you were and you read it you read this nine hundred
you read this nine hundred fifty something page book
in the store today
i thought i totally know it's about it it's totally interesting you know it's
from about like his early childhood when he
used to be a cowboy
there was pinball machine business with his friend uh... who also wore nineteen
forty style clothing
to his founding bird shire and his hat away when he dressed like president
kennedy
and then when he had sideburns and he bought the buffalo even the news
stuff like that yet
well you just kind of mentioned
it's not it kind of sounds like you're you're describing the pictures in the
book
well yet i mean that's all you need this the pictures
well what what what what would no no that's not all you need
or is it you get the whole story from looking at the pictures
you don't get the whole story from looking at the pictures that you do
by looking at the company that you're going to read all nine hundred and
some pages of that book well if you if you get the book that's kind of the
point
no well
it is i guess if you get some of those anti picture books
what's that
it i guess it is if you get if you buy those anti picture books you know
anti-pitch
yeah anti-picture books anti-picture books
well you tell me what is an anti-picture book
that's it's pretty much anything that ain't a comic book
uh-huh
you mean just books
is what you would probably call them
all their comic book uh... they've been there too
but i'd like one of those anti-picture books all you gotta do is
you look at the cover and then you look at maybe the picture of the author
inside that you know what it's about
like do you know this book called the jungle
the by up to up to sing claire
i was up top sing claire
okay
i think they call them up top because he was good at rebounding
well i don't know if he was exactly a basketball player but
so you've read the jungle
well yeah i mean i did it mark your own style okay well
if you wouldn't mind then i guess maybe you could
tell us about why don't you tell us about the jungle then
okay well the jungle by uh... tops in clairs about this guy
and he goes to the smoke stack jungles africa
so he can ride this lion
that uh... rides on top of a cow skull
what's that
he goes and rides what
didn't you read it
crack a classic much it don't sound like you do
now i
it sounds like you're maybe describing the cover of the book
is that is that
well yeah what what up to you
he didn't read all the pages that you've let it dummy
it was wasting the time while i was out playing the drums when i let the
jacket
okay well you're you're clearly
you have to realize that's and that is not
but i have a i have not read the jungle
but i know oh man
oh so i was a year that you're going to look down on the way
put put call screen of gabry oh one
his name's mike
it's mike so he that's a made-up name
it's not a mike is not a made-up name
speaking of our above it
i'm going to be playing as a restaurant next week
as restaurant
what what is his restaurant
warrens buffet
in algohoma
it's an okay
Yeah, so it's like a chain Warren Buffett restaurants. No, it's just one of them
Okay Warren's buffet. Yeah, and
And you're you're gonna be drumming there with what well like the intruders or something
It's a super group. It's mark you remone and the speed intruders band
Yeah, and then who's in that just there's a combination of every member that's ever been any of my bands like 14 guys
uh-huh acoustic acoustic and with you playing are you gonna play bongos or
something oh no there's no percussion at all I'm just singing oh well actually
I'm lying I don't even sing I just kind of stand there that sounds pretty good
it's good hey you got to go to Wong's buffet you know why why is that it's a
super bargain you just pile food on whatever you want yeah they don't even
care because he's so rich yeah you know they don't even you can use a plate but
you don't have to some people bring in garbage cans and they fill them to the
top with food you mean garbage can lids like making up no no garbage can like
an actual garbage can yeah I saw one guy bring in one of those like a got a
dumpster a dumpster yeah you fill it with food I'm going to fill my bass drum
case with food and how much does it cause to eat there it's what I don't know it's
like ten bucks or something i'm gonna go with ten a.m. for the cheapest then
so for ten bucks you can just fill whatever you have
you can fill with food
oh yeah so i'm making all the other guys in the band do the same thing they got
to fill up the guitar cases or whatever with
you know with with food oh god that way i don't got to pay them no
per diem so they don't got i don't got to pay them no like daily money
uh-huh it's it's it's so classic even john would have to laugh at that too
yeah but he but he wouldn't he wouldn't you know why he would probably just get matter
and what matter and what and matter and matter and even a little matter than that yeah probably
with the maddest he would ever get
what was when
when you would see is that a way that you rated how mad he was by when you
take matter and matter and matter
it was rather you would get a fourth matter
what is one of the maddest times you ever saw him
old man
you know how we used to always play you know we play and then he wouldn't drink
that much he would have a like a slice of pizza after the show and then he
he maybe have one beer
And then we'd go and we'd drive the van money.
We'd drive the van and then we'd go
and we'd stop at a 7-11 or a Cumberland farms or a Wawa.
And then we'd go pile out now.
John would want to get his milk and cookies.
That's no lie.
He would get milk and cookies.
And then there was one night, oh my God.
Dee Dee got the last thing of cookies.
And he, that doesn't really set him off.
he was so mad that was a that was a five matter alarm
wow that's that's pretty bad
and that was that was up there in the the
the hall of fame of
him being mad
absolutely that's up there in the annals
of remote law
well mark e i guess
so i guess i'm going to win
so you're calling to tell people to vote for you
absolutely yes
and take some calls
you want to take a call let me take one call one call two oh one
two oh nine
nine three six eight if you have a question for mark your mom you can call
up now
two oh one two oh nine nine three six eight remember you can go over to
friends of tom
dot com and vote
for uh...
mark your mom
you can also go to market remote dot net and by my condoms
i don't want to know about that
you don't care about safe love make it no i i do care about it i just hope
when you're making love what do you please stop and it's not this comment
this is a non-starter
as far as this goes and non-store it's a non-starter
other phone lines lighten up they are actually
Mike is screening a call right now.
Is this good?
I only got time for one, because I got to my rudiments.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, Tom, it's Dan from Brooklyn.
Dan from Brooklyn, you were on with Marki Ramon.
Oh, wow.
You got a reaction time listening to the show,
and I just thought I would call up on the first time caller.
Welcome.
Thank you.
Are you a big Ramon's fan?
yeah i am a little bit
uh...
do you know i have a question for marketing market i was wondering if
now they think about it
if you've ever met
who was
i'm forgetting i'm forgetting the name
was the drug a drummer you had on the show
a long time ago he was only on one
uh...
i believe it was the first drummer for arasmus he's crespo
uh... that was uh... that was jimmy cress but you think it is a problem
yet joey and i'm very tight we used to do some uh... unmentable things together
back in the day but he's
he's so but now too
i'm glad to hear it
great call
mark e
yeah
we got time for one more i got time for one more i really got to do that
movement
fm you're on the air
hi uh... i'd like to talk to mark your mom you're on with them
Oh, great. Hey, I'm Marky, I'm a big fan.
I had a question for you. We met once
outside of the Dingbats Club
in Clifton when you did a solo Marky Ramona all-star show.
Oh, yeah. And that was a really
I was really excited to meet you after the show. And, you know, I brought you a picture
and you asked you to sign it and you said sure
and you signed it and everything and then I was just kind of weirded out when you asked
me for five dollars after you signed it.
You're not true.
I don't like this.
This guy's making this up.
No, that was true.
It was true?
Oh, okay.
Oh, yeah.
I'll tell you what happened.
He'll attest to this.
There wasn't a big turn out and I had to pay my guys basically I told the guys I couldn't
pay them nothing so i'd give me just like a pizza
and i was included in the sound guy so there was a four of us and then the
sound guy so that was five bucks i needed
okay well he said that he hadn't called and said that now you
he's busted the myth of malki yeah
not cool
one more call
i can do one more i really gotta get the final call final call don't bother
calling anymore
fm you you're on the air
Yeah, I wanted to ask Marky, uh, is the, is the Mark here on the music park going to be ready before the, uh, the mayoral, the mail races over?
Wait, is the, is the welcoming ready? I'm sorry, I didn't hear you.
The theme park?
The theme park, yeah. I mean, the theme park at this point is, it's pretty much like some lawn chairs on like a skateboard.
Okay, I would take that as a no.
Yeah, no, that's a yes and you know, so we still we think it can still charge like a hundred bucks a person for that
No, but that that sounds like it sounds like it's just gonna be a great idea a money truck. You can back up the money truck
Absolutely. Yeah, I'll keep your money
All right. Well, thank you, mr. Ramone. I appreciate you calling. Okay. Thank you, and I just want to tell all your listeners out there
once again a
Let's vote a
Oh, let's vote.
The mark.
There he goes.
Marky Ramon.
Any word from anybody from that show, Mike?
They did not call.
you know what yes there it's a holiday today maybe I jumped the line thinking that that
would not apply but you know what next week you got next week to kiss the ring
FM you you're on the air hello hello I have a question for you to whom am I
Speaking Marissa Marsha. Where are you calling from Marsha? No Marissa. Okay. I'm
calling from Florida New York. What can I do for you Marissa? Any chance you can
turn that radio down? I am on to see who you are voting for and why. For what?
for the way aware for the new bridge uh... may be a editorial election
yeah
uh... well you know i'm a fan of a bunch of different candidates i'm trying to
and i am i i
i look at this as a uh... i am an entertainer
i am not a uh... political advocate
i am not i i would prefer not to endorse anyone at this point
okay
who are you going forward to be president
of what
the uh... mccainer
uh...
rock obama
rock obama
yeah or i thought it's me
i think it's barack obama
yeah barack obama
who should i vote who do you think i should vote for
mccain
really
yet why is that
the rock obama
name scares me some of the bomb somebody yeah that's great
what what what what cave is your family living in
uh...
we're not
yet
in the case
it sounds like he's going to bomb i'm sure that's what he's going to do when
you be you know when he becomes president he's going to go
finally he's his voice is going to stop sounding uh...
uh... american ocean is going to get a real thick accent
You're going to go now I can start bombing America.
Yeah.
Ha ha.
Ha ha.
I have a little party over there, huh?
Yes.
So what's your, what's your deal at home there?
Dad's what?
Unemployed?
How long has Dad been unemployed?
Um.
Wow.
I don't know.
Stairs at the wall, drinks.
No, I'm just sitting at home listening to the radio, listening out my window.
Mm-hmm.
Well, guess what, I'm voting for Barack Obama.
Okay.
You don't think I should though?
I don't think you should.
I'm going to take your advice very...
I'm going to...
It's going to weigh very heavily on my head.
How old are you again?
Sixteen.
Okay.
There's the fake age.
How old are you really?
Sixteen.
Sixteen.
what year were you born 1993 that math doesn't work you're not 16 what are you
eight yeah heave ho a little brat a racist brat
God have mercy. I think I think that's what's gonna happen in the election. I hope that's not what's out there that her mommy and daddy
Sounds like he's gonna bomb people
You laugh and I was being sarcastic she had that laugh a jackal
I'm doing satire like Jonathan Swift.
Maybe that's what I got to do.
I got to win some award like one of these.
I said I was going to give myself an award.
Remember that Mike?
Was it the Samuel Clemens humor award?
Maybe I should just give myself that award.
I'll just start putting that all over the place.
Two-time winner, I like to be two-time winner.
Two-time winner of the Samuel Clements Humor Award.
For my biting satire, admittedly, maybe I need to get a little more civilized before
I can actually win an award.
I don't want to be here.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey Tom, how's it going?
It's going all right, who's this?
This is Dave from Mountain Lakes, New Jersey.
Dave from Mountain Lakes, how are you tonight?
Yes, very good, how are you sir?
Doing okay.
What can I just do? I'm just uh
Looking at an exam tonight. I'm just showing our right now. Uh-huh. What do you what class?
This was a second semester calculus
What greater you in?
I'm a sophomore at uh Cornell University
Really?
Yes, sir. Is that fancy right? It's fancy school. It's pretty fancy
Do you fit in there? You're the slob?
Are you the loner with the leather jacket?
Oh yeah, that's definitely me. Except it's not leather, it's probably wool.
You don't fit in though. You don't have blonde hair and blue eyes like all the other kids do you?
Not really. I do my own thing, you know.
Got a little hunchback?
Uh, not quite.
quiet
you're not like the weird dude on campus
or you the right or you could either be the
the james dean weird dude
and that's true
or you could be like the weird e-gourd dude
not not really like
not really an e-gourd spectrum it's more of the uh...
like over
run around in the woods
play chimes
eat exotic food, it's like that type of stuff, you know.
All right, fair enough.
Fair enough.
Sounds like a party.
You got anything for the topic now?
What's the topic again?
I don't know.
You've ho.
I don't know why bother.
Where's Evan?
Can he start a show early tonight?
What?
He's here.
Sick to my stomach.
Do you want to mention Adam, who is a supporter of the show, a fan of the show, he's having
a not easy time with things lately?
I tip my hat to you Adam and I tell you, hang in there buddy, you and I will get past
our respective bad times together. We can do it. You and me, Adam. Hang in there, Chief.
lift your chin up buddy to your anniversary today out in Oklahoma
201-209-93 Outcares
So, I think for the Jay Moore has a new show on TV.
Looks great.
I think it looks fun.
He looks really cool now.
It's all beefed up.
Looks like I think the show is sponsored by Andrew.
guess he plays like a uh... divorce guy who's starting a new life now
i think america america is just waiting for the right jay moor thing to warm
up to
he's so warm and they would you look who doesn't want him in their house every
week
fm you're on the air
i don't want to know
what's that
i don't want him in my house
you don't want jay moor in your house
or even, you know, on my TV in my house.
Where are you calling from, Chief?
I'm calling from Brooklyn.
Brooklyn?
Yes, sir.
Sir.
Jeepers, creepers.
What can I do for you tonight?
I just had a quick one for the topic.
Good for TV on the radio as a hot new album out.
And I noticed that the dirt bombs are opening up
a lot of shows for them.
And I'm a big dirt bomb fan, so.
as am I
as am I that's that's a that's a canny move
can he move
so good for the dirt bomb good for on the column
good call buddy thank you
two oh one two oh nine nine three six they're only four
minutes last i tell you i came in here
ready
i was arrogant i came in with a with a sense of hubris admittedly
At work today, I played the greatest air <E.D.> game I've played in a long time.
Played a 7, I was down 5-0.
Then all of a sudden the little fuse went in my head.
I said, you know what?
I could win this.
Five-0 you say?
Yeah, that's insane, Tom.
That means you need to score 7 points.
none, none on the board. 5-0 becomes 5-1, 5-1 becomes 5-2, 5-2 becomes 5-3 and then
all of a sudden the song pops in my head as I'm playing. Phil Collins in the air
tonight. It's in the air hockey tonight. Now I'm playing 5-3 becomes 5-4, 5-4 is
five five now I got it I got the mo five five becomes six five I'm up on one
point away I give a point away six six we're going at seven point boom right
bank ding dong guess who won FM you you're on the air good evening Tom drew from
Arlington Virginia drew from Arlington Virginia and very serious tonight I'm
sitting in my laundry room try not to wake my roommates up
okay how's that going for you
uh... it's echoey so i might
ethically what can i do for you drew i wanted thank you for showing so much
love for uh... our region tonight uh... you know the guy from an apple is called
but i think allenton represents
uh... a lot harder when you start playing unrest every other weekend it's
going to be a very weak
we're going to enjoy
getting to uh...
be so proliferated on the wf and the radio station
yes yes
but i want to comment on your uh... your
castigation of cohen and the guys on the other show the fancy lads show
maybe don't write them off so soon
because they could have a lot of the student observations on things like
monocles
mustache wax and maybe
more annoying
save this
or is that the stuff here
save it yet
OK, I'm going to give them the benefit of the doubt.
They call up.
Hey, Tom, we like the show.
Thanks for welcoming us into the fold.
That's all I want to hear.
We know that you run the top talk show in station history.
We know your show is a juggernaut, unlike any other
that has come before or shall come since.
Forevermore, amen.
We just remember when when it comes time to finally meet them, there's no courteousness without a curtsy.
They should be sure to show.
Okay, still going off about that. I told them to save it.
That couldn't save it. You know what, fold your laundry.
Good heavens. What am I doing here?
What am I doing? Hang in round.
I should be in my car and gone. I should be driving in that car back to New Bridge.
What am I doing hanging round? Speaking of hanging round, Evan Funk Davies is getting
ready for an exciting show tonight. A show he's been bragging about on message boards
all across the internet. He's very proud of the extra, he called it an extravaganza.
I don't even know, he managed to somehow pronounce extravaganza like that on a
message board. I don't know how he managed an oom-loud. He was an oom-loud.
Tonight he's got the one and only Mick Mars is gonna be live in the studio.
Mick Mars is gonna be talking about his new sponsoring a team in the
ultimate fighting league and he's going to again have a special interview with
Dr. Christian Harfusch is going to be calling in talking about ultimate
wrestling and he's got a special treat coming in he's going to bring in a few
of the ultimate wrestlers and they're going to grapple in the studio in classic
Greco-Roman style right here in the studio. So get ready for Mick Mars, Dr.
Christian Harfusch and a Calvocate of Greco-Roman wrestlers all in the Evan
Funk Davey show which is coming up in 45 minutes. Actually, no, it's coming up
right now. I'm getting out of here. This show was a complete train wreck. The big
This is the L, this is the L of 2008, this show right here.
You do you agree, Mike?
Mike agrees.
There you go.
Thanks, Mike.
Spikes out of control, Julie's calls are disaster.
I can't, I can't rain in anything.
This that the other thing I got other shows are already stealing my thunder.
It's over.
I think we're looking at, this is the beginning of the end.
I told you we were much closer to the end than to the beginning with this thing.
I think we are so much closer to the end than to the beginning.
I don't even feel like doing it anymore.
I don't feel like doing it.
I might pull a scramble move to see if I can get out of ever doing my show again.
I'll probably get sued, but it'll be worth it.
If I'm back next week, it will be, same time, Tuesdays, 8 to 11, best show.
Go vote at friendsatom.com.
I might not be back.
I might be sitting there next week with a new Archie comic at home, seeing what Jughead
is up to.
WFMU East Orange, WXHD Mount Hope, worldwide on the worldwide web at WFMU.org.