The
S radio show ever. Hey, who's this?
In fact, it's the sale of Governor Valvin.
Hi, it's uh, Gerald Palmer.
Tom Sharpling, Governor of Party.
Hey, Tom, it's Purple Sur.
Hey, Tom, it's Mark Michaels.
This is Richard Clark, Mr. Clark.
What's your name?
Baron.
Baron.
And what's inside the two?
Iron Cry.
Maurice Curz.
Horrifying.
Hey Thomas Bruce, how are you?
Who's this?
Genji Vitis.
Genji Vitis.
Yes, they have Rick Velodie at the wall, I guess.
Who's what?
I hate you.
It's Peter.
Hey, it's Steinberg.
You are creepy and I'm hanging upon you.
Boing.
Roger Depp.
My name is Ollie Fairnock.
I'll say it.
You'll hear it.
You'll do it.
I'll get it.
You'll learn it.
I'll live with it and you'll die without it.
Smash your trash.
There it comes.
Good day.
What's up Thomas?
Tristan.
Yes, Tom, this is Jim Riffle. How you doing?
When I get to do the toilet talk now.
The Bardville is a new century.
My name is Tom Riley. I'm calling from New Zealand.
Hey, man, it's Bryce.
Ted, no, no, that's a tent pole. It's a tent pole show.
Hey, this is Ted Lea.
Whaaat?
This is Pete from the Future.
Hi, Tom, it's DJ Terry Chase.
Hey, from Knoxville.
Super caller.
It's off the top.
My name is Mike Zajak.
Get off my phone. I don't care.
This is if he pans man, I'm going to go to bed now
Bye, man. Hey, Tom. It's Gordon. How are you? I was in a band in the early 90s. My name is Jerry Page
Tom, why need this Jeffrey Ludell? It's a fat disease wilder right now, isn't it?
The disenfranchised have a home now. I'm the hero of the disenfranchised
I've been through the streets and you breathe
I've been down to the light
I've been through the night
It's eight o'clock, it's time to hear the sound
I've been down to the light
I've been down to the light
Let your love come to you, hey
Let your love come to you, hey
In the back of the dark
In the back of the dark
What if I, what if I, it seems like everybody came
Before they went, cause a party, you call us a party
You forgot to postpone your letter
If I was sent through, but I'm not too late
No, I'm not too late
You're just pleased to be there, kid
Oh, look at the sound
And I like this, where they go, they must remember all of the stupid things
Oh, look at the sound
That was a steal
Where they go
They must have met up with all those stupid gifts
It's too bad for us, it's too bad for us
It's too bad for us, it's too bad for us
The same is a jungle, you better take care
Never walk alone at the midnight
If you don't believe it, you better beware of me
I am behind you, I always want you
I am the tiger
We can hold me in you, never want me in me
I am the tiger
The season I've met, the hurricane will dream
Some of us will dream it forever
Look around the corner and try not to scream and scream
I am behind you, I always find you
I am the tiger
People who fear me, never go near me
I am the tiger
I am behind you, I always find you, I am the tiny girl
People don't feel me, living on me and me, I am the tiny girl
You see me, I always find you, I am the tiny girl
People who fear me, live upon me and me
I am the tiger
The seed is a prison, you never escape
You're forever trapped in the alley
Let me do the shadows and you see the shape of me
I am behind you, I always find you
I am the tiger
People who feel me, never come near me
I am the tiger
No I'm so strong at the need of love
No I'm so smart, so you're sitting up
I am behind you, I always find you
I am the tiger
People who feel free, we live above near me
I am the tiger
And if I need you, what if I need you?
I am the tiger.
I am behind you, I always find you.
I am the tiger, tiger, tiger.
Don't you see
I live in the blue and that's where
I live in my life, it's young and you are not
I'm feeling like the end, cuz I'm here
I've been there for a while
I've been there for a while
Oh, we're gonna be next in my 20
He is carrying light of forget true
But I'm in bed for long
I'm in bed for long
Be waiting with me on fire, but you are not dead
We hope I live in the acrylic light
You're learning how to feel and listening and learning
We are finally in the night
La-la-la-la
La-la-la-la-la
Oh
We are fighting, don't be as well as you like, oh, yeah
To the next question, they will see the end to the end
We hope I'll find it, that I can't believe
I just know that I can't believe
That's what I want, that I can't believe
I try to be the one that's there
I need it in my life, it's the end to the end
I need it in my life, it's the end to the end
Red one and then four times
Red one and then four times
He waited with me up by your body
He waited with me up by your body
8
Tills on your back and they'll return to ransom
A point of the thing and it says it's a cancer
When that is over, time to take over
While others just walk in time
Somebody's watching where the others don't walk
When time is over
A voice of the shadows, says that his man known
He fucks them back as expected,
Cause otherwise they're unprotected
Clap time is over
Time to take over
While others just start gettin' done
Somebody's watching where the hurt is gonna walk
Clap time is over
I'm almost looking to the truth, look to the view I'm this, why do you turn everybody's
I don't understand this
Blue is making lovers late
We're shaking again for love
When time is over
Time to take over
While I'm just talking to
Sometimes watching when it hurts
Don't walk
One town of A.
The best show, the double your weapon
The best show, the double your weapon
The best show, double your weapon
You, the best show
Don't start off again
You've got control of the queen
We're in a region for the top show
There isn't any debate
Don't wait until this isn't true
The best show, double your weapon
The best show, double your weapon
I showed up for you at the end
I showed up for you at the end
pic
B populace
echo
Yeah
we do it
Yeah
because I
So
come and
you
Well
Yeah
Mmmm
mmmm
.
box
outdoor
golf
beach
txt
Yes, you look out, there we go, best shows back on another Tuesday night.
My name is Tom Sharp, I'm hosting with tonight's installment, three hours of Murth music in
Mayhem here on WFM you the phone number 2012099368 good times ahead last week's
show don't do W's and L's anymore don't do them because when I show up it's already
victory but but last week's show that's an L for you guys for the listener you
guys take that one on the chin the bad calls for Shane tonight you can redeem
yourself. Oh, already a call coming in. Holy moly. Is this gonna be an awesome call, Mike?
Mike says it could be. Is it McNulty? Is it Snoop? I actually saw the finale to the
wire, saw the final episode. It's the only episode I've ever seen. I will reveal the
plot later in the show tonight
fm you you're on the air
uh... will come by who's this
uh... this is brian inventor of california brian inventor of california
how are things that in
ventura california tonight
uh... absolutely gorgeous i'm watching the sunset and i'm looking at the
specific ocean
and i'm doing great
what he's showing off a little bit
little bit of that not at all
you
brian are calling during a uh...
portion of the program
before topic has been put on the table which is a very risky time to call
right so that said
i will allot you
thirty seconds
to earn more time beginning now
uh... thank you
i just wanted to uh... say tonight
i'm going to see polo dot stop the clock that's only what that
Paul F. Tompkins, what?
Yes.
Where are you going to see him?
I have to pick UCB Theater in Los Angeles.
UCB Junior.
Right.
Right.
And I know he's a friend of the show.
And when are you going to see him tonight?
Yeah, it's at 8.30.
At the Upright Citizens Brigade Theater.
And what is the comedy death ratio?
Comedy death ratio will feature Paul F. Tompkins.
Right.
and bob odenkirk bob odenkirk very exciting
and i'm not bragging
uh... i just
wanted to uh... wish
him and you a uh...
a great show
because every Tuesday night it's
a uh... a toss up whether or not i should go
to the show or hang around and listen to you and i
uh... like both of you so much that uh... i just wanted to
wish you good tidings in in two thousand eight
you know what
you are a gentleman and i appreciate that so much
i also wanted to call in before spike
you know what
and with the bummer that he called in first yes it was your first call of the
way
it was a bummer but you know you
are working hard to uh... to uh... scrub
that uh... the horror that was last week's show
off of my uh... brain
well thanks
uh... it's such a good time to be alive and pay attention to uh... let's not
Let's not get carried away, okay?
You're listening to the radio show you're like,
you're going to go see a couple of funny comedians tonight.
Yeah, yeah, you can't go all the way to a good time to be alive.
Well, I feel pretty good so far.
Well, you're high?
In the New Year? I'm not high.
You must be high watching the sunset, right?
A little bit of God's green herb.
Sitting back?
I had to help my friend jump in his car his battery died that drug lingo
That's that's yeah
Let's go. Let's go jump my car and watch the sunset
Yeah, you busted me actually I'm a little high
You know what I say to you. I'm sorry what what's that all right when you go to the show tonight?
Bring your bong with you get all the comedians to autograph it
I, um, okay. I'll have the monograph it.
I don't know if I can get that close to Paul F. Duncan's.
He'll sign your bomb. He'll sign your bomb.
No, he won't. No, he won't. I bet he won't.
You bet he won't? I bet he will.
Oh, that's, um...
This is, this is, uh, going out on a limb for me calling the best show.
Well, you know what? You did it, buddy.
Success will call in the bank.
the bank you are a champion and i salute you have a good time tonight at the show
thank you you also
you have uh... all the best to you and uh... good tidings
you're very great topic
fm you you're on the air
i thought last week and i cost and i just really wanted to apologize for that
first of all okay uh... we can move uh... past that okay
fair enough
now
you were just
Well, I really like this show, but you were just complaining about how horrible last week was.
Yeah.
So what you think as the host is your job to make it good?
Well, I was doing everything I could, but you have to understand, for example,
this one person called up and cursed on the air.
And that although it was you, oh, that's right.
Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Why did you let like a drunk person who wanted to talk about their dog on the air though?
That's all I'm trying to help you.
So wait, you called up last week drunk?
Well, I would say I was.
That's a relic. It's alright. You want to drink a little bit? How many drinks did you have?
Last week?
Yeah.
Oh, it doesn't take very many.
Well, that's not what I didn't ask how many it took you.
I asked how many you had.
I don't know.
Pretty many.
Alright, you know what? Fair enough.
But you're shifting the blame on to me.
So you can't control yourself, apparently.
Right, but it was not just me. I mean, I listened to myself and it wasn't as horrendous as I thought.
It wasn't me. I was the one mixing the drinks there in your house.
No, no, no, no, no. What am I, uh, Casper? I'm not talking, I'm talking, you know, the whole
Winfilly Boy Roy called. Yeah.
By then I was already, you know, going to Wendy's for the double baking piece for her.
But you were in the hospital hooked up to the saline drip
by that boy. Maybe I should have been. But I was laughing so hard.
It wasn't that horrible of a show. It was just the first hour.
well you know what nope but that actually i'm gonna say you want to know what that might be
the funniest thing i've heard maybe ever somebody saying you know what and then somebody saying
nope i don't oh come on i'm serious common what it's pretty common thing to say you want to know
what i love your show so much and i'm sorry for being um see look i'm so used to like cussing when
I want and I don't even cost that much. Okay, you know what you do? I'm not going to but I just I'm sorry for
It's okay. It's okay. We're gonna move past it. Mm-hmm, and I thank you for calling up and clearing the air, madam
Thank you, sir, and you have a good night and and
Wendy start drinking
Huh as soon as you finish this call you're gonna. Oh, no, you'll be staring at the ceiling
I think I'm going to go do karaoke. I wouldn't have called it except that you were saying
how terrible last week. You're not going to drink but you're going to do karaoke. No,
I already have been drinking. Oh, okay. You just haven't had the drinks to the point where
you lose. I haven't had half a bottle of rum. Like you did last week. That's right. You
You wanna know it? Fair enough. I salute you. Your name again is Jane, right?
Oh, I wish it was Jane. It's Julie, though.
Julie, okay.
Yeah.
Julie, you have a great night. Thanks for calling.
You too.
Me!
Another Julie on one. Julie, line. FMU, you're on the air.
Tom, it's Julie Klausner.
It's Julie Klausner. Famous comedian.
Tom.
Yes?
I'm calling from intermission of Broadway's young Frankenstein. Yes. I didn't think I would like it Tom. Yeah
You like it?
You hate it?
It's horrible. What who would think that that would be horrible?
But you know that I I like I love musical theater because occasionally it's life is terming mm-hmm
But this is different than most musicals and that most musicals you look forward to the song.
And this one you're kind of, are you like staring at your shoes?
It's like the scariest words in the English language are music and lyrics by Mel.
Because it gives me like new down respect for the restraint of the Zuso brothers that like they knew their limitations.
yeah that there there is not a uh... top uh... top secret musical
not yet but if there were to be one
then
then you know god willing to compose earlier if we get the call instead of
them sitting down and
rolling up their sleeves and banging one out on the piano and uh...
uh... the Irving Cohen style of
the edit that you finished the record
just sign off on it
and then the here's this what you do when you do one of those what those
things if you created a movie
or a book or whatever they're going to turn into a play.
You say, all right.
You are your professionals.
It's nice to meet you, professional songwriters
and professional playwrights.
Here.
You don't fix your own thing either.
No, no.
Here, I'm going to hand you.
This is my address.
This is where the checks can be sent to.
And please let me know when this thing opens
and I will come check it out.
Oh my god, they're calling for us to sit down.
real quick
before i go
the fact
and with a song called transylvania mania
transylvania mania
one never never in my life if i wanted to see people do the time war
one last question
during the show now do they actually come down the aisle and charge you
to watch the rest of the show
because it's so expensive to actually cut past a can around
making you pay to watch more of the show
There are pyrotechnics. I will say that about it. There are firework, which partially distracts from how bad it is.
You know what? You're in it. You're in it. You're halfway through.
I'm doing it for putting on the wrist. I'll talk to you later.
Okay. Please do. Okay. Bye.
Our Broadway correspondent, Julie Klausner, checking in from the lobby of the theater where young Frankenstein is at intermission.
So anyway, oh, by the way, you can see Julie Clousner and Jackie Clark, they have a show.
I believe it's this Thursday, obsessed at the UCB Theater, the real UCB Theater.
Not the, uh, UCB Junior, out in Los Angeles.
Let's back announce the music before we get see, this is, this is already, we're on better
footing than last week.
We just heard from Elvis Costello and the attractions from their album get happy clown
time is over it is over no more clown time you hear that sick of it sick of the clowns
From a CD called Welsh Rare Beat, Volume 2, I'm the Finder's Keeper's Label, put out
by the dude from the band Superfurry Animals, the collection heat compiled.
We heard E. Newell with Susie S.I.W. S.I. and this is on again the finders keepers label
before that of course ABBA from the ABBA box of course from the classic album arrival
Of course, Tiger, Epic, Epic, Epic, Red Abba Box, yeah, good one.
And starting us off the band Christmas from their second album, Stupid Kids, the name of
the song from the album, Ultra Prophets of the Psychic Revolution.
And just to show how old this album is, taped across the front, Christmas, to appear on
the Morton Downey Jr. show on February 27th, with such luminaries as Pamela DeBar, Anthrax
and Rat, as Morton explores the role of groupies in 90s rock and roll.
We miss you, Mort.
We miss you.
The world is a quieter place without you, and a less smoke-filled place.
Could you imagine how he would have dealt with the smoking ban in bars?
You've gotta be kidding me!
Zip it!
I'll smoke wherever I want, pal!
won't smoke in some bartender's face oh those choppers we miss you Mort the
world is a more intelligent place without you FM you're on the air hey Tom hey
who's this PD where are you calling from my house from your house not from some
sort of rehab clinic based on last week's call
what happened last week
last week you sounded uh...
uh... i felt like i was uh... it was felt like he had was in the back of a
limo uh... to eat the document
i was just happy that's when for the dealing fans
shows i can hang shows i understood
i'm not there
the movie just like that i didn't get it
What's that, Petey?
You like that movie?
Did I like I'm not there?
Yeah. No.
I didn't see it yet.
You didn't?
It was pretty good.
What's that?
I heard it's pretty good.
You heard it's pretty good?
Well, I'm telling you it's not pretty good.
There you go. Right now you're in the middle then.
I guess so.
I saw Strote Sick today, Tommy.
You saw Strote Sick today?
Yeah.
Really? Where did you see it?
In my house.
What channel was it on?
PAX?
I'm a DVD channel.
uh... put you
on mike's comedy central
it was pretty funny
was funny right what was it what part cracked you up the most i'll tell you
the part that made me laugh the most
is when the they took the trailer away from the people
and uh... the woman uh... was forced into a truck stop prostitution
yet apart where i kind of had to uh...
wipe the tears of laughter from my eyes
i thought it was funny at first but then i read that that guy was actually
be like a real guy and he acted like that and I got kind of sad.
Then you got sad.
You didn't just get sad at the story.
I thought he was acting.
So if anyone acts in a sad movie, you still think it's funny?
No.
That movie was not funny.
I did cry in a movie, though.
What movie?
The Otis Redding movie thing.
The Otis Redding movie.
Yeah, it's like, it's not really a movie, it's just interviews and songs.
And at the end, they were talking about he died and I cried.
You cried at the end of that?
Yeah.
Yeah.
You didn't hear about that?
You didn't hear?
Oh, it was sad.
Yeah.
Wait, Tom.
Yeah, I'm going to tell you one thing.
Watch out when you watch a Buddy Holly story.
Unlike Buddy Holly.
Some sad stuff coming in that one.
Yeah.
Okay.
Also, when you watch, give me three steps, that Leonard Skinner movie.
Three steps.
Watch out.
Did you ever see that movie?
No.
movie. Although it's got that redemptive moment when the guys are like, we're gonna
get back together and form the Rossington Collins band.
Yeah. Right? Yeah. So anyway.
Count. Yes. Oh, sorry. What?
Um, I played a show last weekend.
Okay. Yeah. Where?
I played it with the Toblerones.
I had coffee house.
Okay, is this real or was this in your mind?
Yeah, it's real. It was at my school at Coffee House.
You have a coffee house in your school?
Yeah, well, just one day a year.
We're singing these crazy songs.
We are dressed up.
So one day, what do they turn the cafeteria into a coffee house?
No, it's auditorium.
Oh, excuse me.
Sorry.
It has really good acoustics.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Yeah, it was playing the song.
and i can see how uh... being in an auditorium would replicate the coffee
house experience
i was just in this coffee house the other day with stadium seating
it had the same feel
right
i don't know if you're going to call for me in the school
so the school and is there coffee
because the captain allowed
so there's no coffee at this coffee out it's allowed
there's no yet you know why it's not allowed because there's not some
horrible
Because Maxwell House isn't ramming it into the schools.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Did they have soda?
I think so.
Yeah, of course they did.
Yeah.
Yeah, plenty of soda, right?
How many vending machines you got in your school?
A lot.
How many?
Um, like 15, I don't know.
15?
Like, if you went into your school,
what are some of the things you could
buy from a vending machine?
Life savers.
okay
uh...
arizona tea
are okay which is loaded with sugar
it's good for you though
it's going to know it's not
it comes from arizona think
yeah it comes from arizona yet you know us comes from arizona john mccain
uh...
and there's also uh... i think there's like french fry chips
and you know french fry yeah french fry chip
It's like catch up and chip, no catch up in French fries in a chip.
So there are potato chips that are flavored?
Yeah.
Okay.
And yeah, we also have a lot of these other things too.
And the kids like it.
Of course they do because it's garbage.
No.
Of course they like it.
I bring my own lunch though Tom.
You do?
Yeah.
What's in your lunch?
What's in a lunch?
Sandwich.
Sandwich.
What kind of sandwich?
Peanut butter.
Sometimes I get crushed in my book bag though, and I can't eat it at a water bottle.
So you have a peanut butter sandwich and some water?
Yeah.
And uh...
Good for you.
Peanut butter bar.
And a peanut butter bar.
Okay.
But then I have two peanut butter things so they get mad.
Yeah.
Then you duck off behind the uh... right behind the bike rack.
What's that?
Between periods?
No.
All right.
No.
All right.
And all of a sudden you go grab some of those chips, right?
I'm a clean artist, Tom.
Clean.
Last week you sound that I thought I was talking to a PD Winehouse.
No.
What do you want?
Do you want to hear the song we play, Tom?
At this non-existent coffee house?
I'll give you a tape one time.
We're rocking.
You can give me a tape on that?
Yeah.
OK.
Like a cassette tape?
Okay video tape. Oh video tape. Oh great. Yeah, it's even more outdated
Anything I want you to send me an eight millimeter of it. I'll hook the old projector up
Put it on the wall
Yeah, yeah
Anything else going on
FM you is the station. I didn't mean to hang up on him actually that was a mistake
201-209-9368 is the number.
This thing's first, I would like to issue an apology.
That's right, an apology to the movie boy.
Because last week I insinuated that the movie boy was combining the names Denzel Washington
and Forrest Whittaker into one actor's name, Denzel Whittaker.
And there are two, uh, those are two different people, but there is a young actor named Denzel
Whitaker.
I apologize to you, movie boy, I salute you.
Go to themovieboy.com if you want to read some of the most insightful and intelligent
reviews on the internet.
If you wondered who that guy was that kept Ratatoui from getting 100% over at Rotten Tomatoes,
But managed to say that Lindsay Lohan's acting in I Know Who Killed Me were one of the most
outstanding performances of the year, TheMovieBoy.com.
FM you're on the air.
Hello.
Hello.
Hi.
Hi.
You found me way far away.
I didn't know if it was my turn.
Oh, it's your turn.
Who's this?
This is Robin from Belleville.
robin from bellville
washington or new jersey
no new jersey
uh...
i wanted to say thank you for playing that tiger song that it was
fantastic yes
you're welcome
and uh...
doing a little dee jing tonight myself and i didn't call the brag nothing
came to a little inspiration where
where you're doing DJing in Brooklyn tonight yeah I'd wear and Williamsburg
like what like what on the loft somewhere a bar no a bar which one
Turkey's nest it's called K&M K&M K&M what times that DJ thing start for in
morning. No, actually, as soon as I get there, which I'm crossing Manhattan now, but nine
o'clock, I guess. All right, so people can go down to K&M. Yeah, but that's not why
I called, honestly. That's okay. Why did you call? What's that? What's here? Why you
called? Well, it was really, truly the episode. It was, I never heard that one and it was
really cool and listening to just now that onesy little hint thing I saw that
movie in the blockbuster like the the buying section the other day I never
heard of it but what was the calm stuff I know who killed me yeah I heard of it
and I was like I don't know it looked kind of weird but you know did you
rent it
on the way
now but i just thought it was funny working
to be a high-energy d.j. spot tonight
you already sound like you're falling asleep you're a half hour away
no uh... no i'm close uh... no i'm i'm awake i'm just
you're going to get there you're going to get there
hope that uh... get into the uh... ladies room uh... wait for somebody to stop
doing coke
So you can get into the ladies room and splash some cold water on your face.
I am wide awake.
I'm a calm person and I try to sound relaxed on the phone so I don't sound like a maniac.
I'm really like strong up on caffeine right now.
It doesn't feel so good but...
Fair enough.
So what will be your opening cut tonight?
Opening track or whatever?
Yes, track.
Sorry.
Um, I don't know, you know what kind of, you got to see what it feels like, uh...
Anything in the running?
I'm not sure.
I was thinking maybe a race errata.
Not like a huge fan of theirs, but I haven't listened to it in a while.
Mm-hmm.
And, uh...
Yep.
All right, please try to stay awake for this DJ gig
At K&M you can check out Rob. What is the name you DJ under sleepy Robin?
News
My friend has like weird nicknames for me like we go
Yeah, DJ McSnoosey
No, you're not boring you're just falling asleep
Do you know what my insides are?
All right, Robin
Have fun tonight. I'm having a good show. You're gonna you're gonna put on night one of those uh, son. Oh records
What maybe some earth
Put on one of those six organs of admittance
I don't have any good night
Losing all I'm leaking momentum now nice enough young lady shows on track shows
on track it's five star show so far five star show
so anyway I apologize to the movie boy all right let's find the thing can
cross off half-hearted apology to movie boy and run a line through that I'm
reading the friends at Tom site today which is the official radio website for
this radio show I'm reading it there's a threat some dude saying I'm negative did
did you see that mike
that says i'm negative
what did you think of that
be honest
okay mike said that some shows get negative he has no problem with it
but uh... yeah you know what i say that young man who wrote that
i salute you was what i say
has the only one you know he's the only one
like uh... like charlie in the chocolate factory
easy only one
stood up
as absolutely right
shows the negative
how am i supposed to not be negative after last week
now one woman uh... it's calling up like it's uh... like it's a midnight blue
running mouth got that mutant james
calling up, doing his own, like in that guy's mind, he thinks that it's funny that he's
being so unfunny, but it's really just sad that he thinks that he's being funny because
he's being so annoying and unfunny. You should have seen this guy begging me to accept him
There's a friend on Facebook, which by the way
That's my little account, okay Facebook thing my space
Come one come all Facebook and I have a little something for myself
little private thing
Little thing just for Tom
Might not get added if you hit me up
We should have seen this going please at me please
Please I want to get added so bad
please I'll stop it please why does that matter so much he had it me he had it me
I got the ad you'll never believe who added me today
I'm Facebook I go back and forth between which one is uh and in the effort to be more positive
which one's better is that better let me say which one's worse because my space is annoying
has a my space has awesome things about it's other space book trying to be positive now
Facebook, there was a reason that Facebook was only for college kids, now
the crack that opened made it for everybody. The reason why it was just for
college kids was because it is geared towards people with way too much free
time.
and the updates go to Facebook I can see what's going on with everybody I know the
that's going to come back to haunt some people
Charlie is having a hard time getting started today like you put your little status update
You know what I'm Charlie's boss. I want to see that you know Charlie get to work
Or you keep updating your status thing every every 20 minutes get down my watch
Having a hard time getting start up. I'll pour a cup of coffee on your head
package started
to negative Tom stop
to negative let's put a topic on the table a fun topic all right we all want
to get 2008 started on the right note and there's always people who bring down
the year right so who are the people that if we want to get 2008 start on the
right note who are the people that you would put in a submarine that's going
get dropped to the bottom of the ocean. Who are those people? There's a brand new topic.
Who are the people? We're going to get this submarine, we're going to put them in there,
we're going to weld the door shut, and then they're going to realize it has no engine in it,
and it's just going to sink to the bottom of the ocean. Who are those people? That's not the topic!
the topic is alright let's get started you get handed a laser gun right that
can disintegrate people who is the person you disintegrate with that
laser gun that's not the topic either all right let's get a real topic on
seriously let's knock it off you have a mobile trapdoor that launches someone
into the negative zone when they step on it who so you can make 2008 a better
place who do you get to step on that trap door
No, that's next week, Mike.
Next week will be who do you bury alive?
We are going to do something we haven't done in a long time.
is it a game called who's calling now I don't want to hear
this FM you you're on the air hey Tom how's it going going right
And who's this?
From where?
From New Jersey.
From Bhutan.
I'm in Parcipony.
I'm actually at Taco Bell right now.
Okay, so wait a minute.
So you're from Bhutan, but you're in Parcipony now.
Yeah, I'm just getting some dinner.
Just want to get that clear.
Yeah, I'm at Taco Bell.
You will be returning to Bhutan though.
Yeah, yeah.
I'll be there.
I'll be spending the night there.
You will spend the night in Bhutan.
And my residents after after my Taco Bell
What are you getting a Taco Bell? Oh?
I'm just I'm just gonna get up one contract supreme. Hmm. Yeah beef it up, right?
Sounds delicious. Mmm. Yeah
Nothing Roy, you gotta the best kind of food is the kind of food
Where you get a penny back when you hand the person a single? Yeah, isn't that the truth?
Well, I think it was it's like two eighty-nine or something. Get off my phone you animal
Got calling up talk about Taco Bell
That food is sick
Eat that garbage
Look, I'd really lace into Taco Bell if my good friend Ted Lea wasn't the spokesman for it
He's actually gonna go on the Taco Bell tour
It's very exciting with him and the dog. They're bringing the dog back. And he
actually has to play that that Taco Bell music. Big Steve has a bell behind his
drum set now. So anyway, by the way, did you see this thing this whopper freak out?
What is that all that? It's a world ending. Is it ending now? Whopper freak out?
It's this thing where there's a Burger King in I think it's in Las Vegas.
They took the Whopper off the menu for one day and they filmed everybody as they
did it. I was watching that a full-length thing on YouTube. If the commercials are
not conclusive enough, you can watch a full six-minute version of this parade
of animals getting told that the whopper, that the one configuration of the
burger is not available. There's still 30 other configurations. They take the
same dumb hamburger and they dropped one on the same dumb bun that they would
have put the whopper on. They just do it a little differently with the other 29
hamburgers. People losing their marbles. What do you mean the whopper's gone? You
go back there you get me a whopper go back there get well first of all guys
not having a hard enough time in life working a Burger King think that's his
goal I was getting yelled at because Burger King made some corporate decision
you go back there and get me a whopper whopper and you know what if those
those mutants in that whopper commercial
you get a figure
i could only imagine what the people who didn't make the cut
of that whopper commercial look like
if those are the people of those are the haves
in the whopper
uh... world
if those are the people who uh...
those are people made the cut
the uh... paraded look like uh...
uh... looked like i was uh... in uh... house of horrors
watching that line
people
yet that that guy's like whoppers america tambourter
wait a minute he that guy i think does say
it's americana
the whopper
you can only imagine the uh...
I could only imagine the people that didn't make the cut were there in the editing room
Guys like all right put together a rough 11-minute cut of this whopper freak out thing and they watch it
And there's some guy going whoo-hoo no way
Look at that
There's no way we want that guy
In any way to be the face of the whopper
I'll never read here again.
Whopper freak out these animals.
Losing their minds.
They could probably wrap any hamburger up in a thing if they put it in the Whopper wrapper.
These monsters would just tear into it.
Whopper! Whopper!
Probably just, we gotta worry they don't need the wrapper.
And then there's just like, as bad as those people are,
I think the worst part of the thing is there's like some emo kid at one point in the commercial
who does the worst double take I've ever seen.
He's like, it's like, uh, I want a whopper. It's like, uh,
Sorry, sir. We don't have whoppers today. First of all, you got to call this dude. God, God have
Mercy on the person that's got to call this kid sir. Sorry, sir. We don't have the whopper
sir guys dressed like
Guys dressed like he just got the shut out of my chemical romance concert
And the kid's like, what?
He's like, what?
And the worst part, he doesn't even know he's being filmed.
That's that kid doing that in real life.
Like an annoying double take like that.
Sorry, sir. There's no whopper.
Whopper.
Yeah, I'm so mad, I love the Whopper.
They should have done, they should have locked the doors, that place.
Can't go there, can't do, can't do the trap door that launches them at the negative zone.
It's too close to last week's topic.
Or what if, okay here's the topic for this week's show.
It's 2008.
it to be a great year. We lure these people into a Burger King and then you, then the
door locks behind them and then people will realize the Burger King is actually, the Burger
King is actually going to be dumped into the ocean. Who do you want in that Burger King?
So it's going to be dropped into a volcano.
The FEMU, you're on the air.
Hi Tom.
Hi, who's this?
This is Lori.
Lori.
Hi, I was wondering if I can throw an entire advertising firm into the submarine.
Sure, for you.
Yes.
I like to throw everyone who works for Crispin Porter and a Boguski into the submarine.
submarine. That's actually the firm who did the Burger King commercials. They've
been on them since this creepy wake-up with the King commercials and they are
stationed in Miami. The homoerotic ones, you know, they have a guy wearing that
gigantic Burger King mask and it was creepy and gave me nightmares. Yeah, yeah
That's that's the one that's when they started and everyone I know who works there
I'm not surprised. They're making this borderline racist stuff
I'll just say that but now you would say
But it's the funny thing with you though is
That you literally if you ask Doddy
He could have them throw this thing these people thrown into a submarine
Uh, no, we don't have that kind of pull.
Goldie, I want to see the people from the ad agency trapped in a ball in, in a submarine.
Yes, honey.
Yeah.
Whatever you want, honey.
I, I actually have to live in the same city as these people.
Miami's a hot city for advertising, isn't it?
I don't know.
Um, yeah.
Did you quit your job?
Did I hear that?
Oh, yes.
I, I did.
Why?
what led to that well I don't want to do banking for the rest of my life no more
banking what do you want to do Laurie I don't know I kind of want to be a
librarian or an archivist or something like that something nerdy
something nerdy something nerdy in esoteric I love it like what the dream
job right now five seconds what comes to your mind i don't know an archivist okay i don't know
i really archiving what like what are you like indiana jones no like uh rare books
rare books yeah there are rare books yes like what do you mean like rare like rare like like uh
at a stock at amazon you know antiquarian books that sort of thing also like when amazon says
is only like two left and you have to order it. Yeah, exactly. Like rare like that. Or you
know, preservation. I'd like to work in preservation too. Of what? Books? Yes. Book preservation?
Yes. What do you mean? What are they? What are they going out of print? Or have been out of print?
Like what name one book name name one book that's out of print
We can't exactly. Oh, how about the Ricky Jay's card tricks that can kill you book
There's one that's a print that's just at the forefront of my mind. So you want to you want to fight to preserve that
I thought that one in particular that one can stay out of print. Well, I don't know. Maybe it would be fun
but
That's kind of my now when you quit your job was a dramatic
Kind of dramatic. I don't want to go into specific, but where you kind of like I can't do this anymore. Yes
And you had him did you have a meltdown? I
Yeah, we're kind of screaming at anybody
You screamed a little bit, didn't you?
A little bit.
You lost your temper.
Did you get escorted from the premises?
No.
I thought I left before that could happen.
Did you have put everything in a box?
Not yet.
I think I had to go back.
It was sudden.
I wasn't expecting that.
Good for you.
Yeah.
I think I'm better off.
Good for you.
Yes.
I salute you, Laurie.
Thank you. You did what too many people don't do. You weren't happy. You made a change. Well, I'm gonna go enjoy fun employment
Fun employment
Fun employment until I run out of money. Mm-hmm. Well, that's not it's nothing right
Well, I guess he was asked to just hope the art world the art market doesn't crash, right?
something okay little sketch it's not one of those little sketches you got okay bye
have a good show thank you bye
she quit her job good for her she didn't want to be there she quit
maybe she's got a little bit of a cushion that a lot of us don't have
have, that her father owns half of Miami. That slob's like me, I'm unemployed right
now, but I could do about it. Someday I'll talk about my experience. Too fresh, too hot.
Now I'm talking about Burger King, one of the attention employees in all food services.
In all food services, you all listen right now.
This goes out to every one of you.
If you're carrying a cup, any kind of cup, whether it is a coffee to go cup, or whether
you are perhaps you are bringing a container over that I that is to have
food leftovers put in it the doggy bag container or it is a cup that is to be
filled with water your hands and the digits attached to them should always
remain outside of said item. Got these people walking around. Yeah, how can I see I was
in the Starbucks the other day. Not the one where the woman goes really, but a different
one where person in front of me was like, yeah, what are the sizes again? Can you show
show me. Got behind the counter. Yeah, this is a, uh, tall. He picks it up with his thumb
inside of the cup. Yeah, this is a tall. This is a grande thumb inside of it. As a, uh,
there's Venti. Now what? Stupid. You got a poor liquid in there. I don't want to drink
your thumbprint. I don't want your thumbprint all over my coffee. Outside. It's all that
outside of the cup for you to pick it up. All that outside. You guys got a thumb inside
the thing. And I've seen it more than once. People walking around with colds, coughing,
winter long and you know you're getting sick think think you're in the food
service just think I salute you for working and then the food services just
think don't put your hand inside the cup I want your thumbprint whoa what am I
Colombo
Try and get your thumbprint
That's how we if I was if Colombo was still around
Wanted to get somebody's thumbprint if I think some guy at Starbucks murdered somebody and go there. I'd order a
Venti venti coffee with the guy and then I'd walk out there. I'd have the guy's thumbprint
Then we could make a make a mark on the guy
We dussy inside of my my venti latte
So anyway, what happened there?
The topic, something we haven't done in a while, here on WFMU East Orange, WXHD Man
Hope, worldwide on the World Wide Web at WFMU.org.
I have a list of questions in front of me.
You, the caller, are to call up.
And I will ask you three of those questions.
It is a segment we call getting to know you.
201-209-9368.
201-209-9368, getting to know you.
As easy as pie.
You call up.
I ask you the questions.
let's get this going
Hey Tom, what's your name?
Tim.
Tim, where are you calling from?
California, Jersey.
caliphon new jersey are you ready to play getting to know you
i am ready tom
yes sir
the what is the longest book you've ever read
the world is flat
let's find the longest one by uh...
with that
new york at times greater freedom i think how many pages
Why close to 400? It was a doozy.
All right.
I'm not a reader. We're a really big reader.
What is the longest you've ever gone without food?
Um, twelve hours.
Twelve hours.
Yes.
Rank the who in order of best to worst.
I say one more time.
Rank the members of the who, in order of best or worst.
Interesting.
Best.
And whistle.
It's not a deposition.
Guys, I'm chewing on this stuff.
It's not inside the actor's studio.
Hmm.
Good question.
Good question.
FMU you're on the air
hey i want to play again
oh you do do you huh
mhm what's your name young man
uh... smacking often
mac
in austin how are you tonight
i'm great
you see your body around let's just get the uh... austin talk over with
actually are you afraid my uh...
my good often friend harry knoll yes
you know it's funny uh... they have something horrible
in town
This coming week.
Yeah.
The old Swiss.
Tengoria Convention.
Oh.
Yeah.
And guess who the featured guest, the thing where he has got his little picture on the
flyer.
The first half of Harry Nalls?
Yeah.
It's actually they had to shrink it down.
So it looks like some sort of wisened shrunken head with a giant orange beard.
I remember when I first saw John Carpenter's The Thing.
and the dog turned it and oh as I said to my friends Robert Rodriguez oh he's
also gonna be there it's a steaming pot of horrible yeah of course Robert
Rodriguez is gonna be there I'll do anything probably or they all from
four dollars he's gonna go there and brag about how cheap he makes his
movies yeah it shows buddy yeah it shows I did everything I wrote I edited I
scored it I directed it and yeah guess what it's the worst score I've ever
heard in any movie guys got a keyboard he thinks just because you can make that
or orchestra sound on the keyboard guy going to a Best Buy I hear I think
they got the same keyboard there all right let's play the game all right
Have you ever been in jail?
No.
What is the most you ever paid for a meal?
40 something?
40 something.
What is the state that you don't understand at all?
State doesn't understand at all.
And remember this is coming from someone in Texas.
No, no, no, a lot of people don't understand Texas. I'm not saying it's bad. A lot of people don't understand it
Gotcha. There's not a judgment of the state. This is on you. This is a state you don't understand
Well, what do you got that Texas pride there? Oh, I gotta come right at me
Okay, magic. Well, what's the state you don't understand? I don't understand Oklahoma. There you go. See think someone from Oklahoma's go ooh
Oh, calm down.
Your Texas guy's got to calm down.
Have a good night, Tom.
Oh, fair enough.
Thank you for calling.
Huh.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, Tom, I want to play getting to know you.
Oh, what's your name, young guy?
This is Steely Dam from the message board.
All right.
And then where are you?
Again, where are you calling from?
Brooklyn.
Brooklyn, what part of Brooklyn?
Cobble Hill.
Okay.
Are you ready?
Um, yeah.
Soft drink of choice.
Diet Coke.
The last time you actually sent a letter to someone was?
Uh, 1988.
What is your secret talent?
Um, secret talent.
Hmm
Wow, I don't think I have one oh
Steelie damn what are we gonna do
Thanks, buddy, thank you
We are playing getting to know you the exciting game where I ask you three questions
And I get a feel for who you are
If I'm you, you're on the air.
Hey Tom, it's Samir in Florida.
Samir, how are you tonight?
I'm good, thanks, how about you?
I'm doing okay, well thank you for asking.
Oh, no problem, I'd like to play getting to know you if I may.
Yes, you may.
Okay.
Who is the cartoon character you relate to the most?
Probably, like, one of the Simpsons lot, maybe, maybe Millhouse, could have weird eyebrows.
It was the last time you were in a fist fight.
It was, I was in high school for about six or seven years ago.
And it was not pretty for me.
The fastest you've ever driven in a car is?
About 90 to 100 kilometers an hour.
It was in Germany where they have no rules.
And that translates to how many miles per hour?
I don't know, like 10.
No, it's about 70 or 80.
Not that impressive.
Oh, too shabby.
Sameer, thank you so much.
Thank you, Tommy, you're a pretty sure.
Oh, yeah, yeah, you're a good guy.
FM, you're on the air.
time what's going on not a whole lot uh... who's this
this is pat pat where you calling from
on from buffalo new york pat in buffalo new york
or do you want to play getting to know you
i would love to play getting to know you pat
rank the who in order of you liking them
uh... that's the worst
that's the worst i would do uh...
keep moon
and with all
uh... roger doll tree and p-town
really
the guy writes the songs is last time
we got caught up in that whole fair enough that i'm not here to judge your
list
just wondering
where would you like to be five years from now
well i'm actually it's funny about lower i'm actually starting school to be
an archivist next week so five years from now
all right working in an archive somewhere
right
high-phone yes or no
pat thank you for playing
thank you
fm you're on the air
hi who's this
this is uh... steven in chicago steven in chicago are you ready to play
let's let's do this man
the craziest e-bay purchase you've ever made
Oh, it was earlier, like maybe two months ago,
I bought a double LP of Taj Mahal Travelers,
Japanese band, double live album,
and it was like 150 bucks.
Okay.
Yeah.
It's sad, I know.
I'm not judging you.
No, no, no, I know you're not judging, I'm judging me.
Don't worry, you need to relax.
Okay.
What is the longest book you've ever read?
I actually have two that I think are kind of in neck and neck.
The Saturday Night Live oral history book, which is like 500 pages, and The Adventures
of Augie March by Saul Ballo, which I think might be 600 pages.
What is the state you as a resident of Illinois that you do not understand?
I'm from New York, originally, and I moved out here about six years ago.
I don't understand most of the Midwest, I just didn't, anyway, that's all I got.
Alright, Stephen, thank you, Tom.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, Tom, Tom in Texas.
Tom in Texas, what part of Texas?
Austin.
Alright, Tom, are you ready to play?
Uh, shoot.
game is called getting to know you i'm going to ask you three questions
okay let's go
what is your favorite tv commercial of all time
t-v commercials all-time
uh...
the robert lozier
i think it's a nicely quick commercial for the kid is overjoyed
when robert lozier shows up and i don't know he taught them to drink at the
orange juice
I know that one. That's a good commercial.
It's awesome.
Question number two is coming up right now.
Do you have any bumper stickers on your car?
Yes, I do.
And what are they?
One is a hammer of misfortune sticker and the other is the best show on the BFMU sticker.
Third question.
what is the last movie you walked out of
i don't know if it's the last one but i
certainly walked out of our mcgeddon
and why was that
well i was getting kind of sick watching it just because of
the editing and the and the camera was moving so violently that i stopped
looking at it i'd
literally shut my eyes
that was a rough movie
but it was so
even without the visual that was so
just loud and obnoxious
that i'd like i'd compacted
i'm a i'm a good might have been the loudest movie i've ever seen
yeah and it's like a it's like a life insurance commercial beer commercial
and like a commercial for the super bowl all combined
and blender
tom great
thank you so much for playing getting to know you
have a great show tom thank you
fm you're on the air
it's on its great from baltimore
great from baltimore how are you tonight
Okay, how are you doing? Okay, I'd like to play getting to know you
Okay, get ready. All right, who was the person you were completely jealous of and why?
The alarm strong the cat walked on the moon and is now like totally cool about it, so
Alright Chinese food versus Thai food
mmm Chinese food and Richard Dawson or Richard Nixon Richard Dawson Greg thanks
so much for flying thanks FM you're on the air hey Tom it's Chris L from Maryland
Chris L from Maryland are you ready to play getting to know you I am yeah the
The first band you ever cared about was, uh, but I ever really cared about was, uh,
Public Enemy.
Who should be the 14th person in Ocean's 14?
Um, Harry Dean Stanton, that's off the top of my head.
Okay.
Well, I don't know why he would want to be in that one.
We're not here to question those choices.
How much money do you have in your wallet right now?
40 bucks.
40 bucks.
Chris?
Yeah.
Thank you.
Thank you.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, Tom.
It's Martin and Edison.
Martin and Edison.
Ready to play.
Are you ready to play getting to know you?
You bet.
If I could...
If you could live anywhere on Earth, it would be...
Anywhere on Earth.
Probably somewhere tropical. Like Mexico.
Alright.
Star Wars or Star Trek?
Star Wars.
And which technology are you not willing to get behind?
Technology. Probably GPS.
Martin?
Okay.
Thank you for playing the game.
All right.
Thank you.
We appreciate it.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi, Tom.
How you doing tonight?
Is Eric and Staten Island?
Who is this?
Eric and Staten Island.
Eric and Staten Island.
Are you ready?
Sure.
Are we getting to know you?
Let's do it.
What are the best or worst seats?
seats
you've had for a show or concert
what are the best or worst seats you've had for a show or concert
seats
tickets
uh...
actually
uh... pain
uh... like uh... and they're very happy to get it
on my birthday one time
what your phone's cracking up buddy
I'm sorry, I'm just hanging out. Thanks.
All right.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi, this is Mike from Malwa.
Mike from Malwa, are you ready to play getting to know you?
I'm a little nervous, but yeah, I'm ready.
Relax.
Relax.
Take a deep breath.
OK, happy new year, Tom, by the way.
Oh, thank you, Mike.
Mike, are you ready?
Yes, I'm ready.
Steve Martin or Andy Kaufman?
Steve Martin.
Yes, Steve Martin.
What is the talent that you wish you had?
I wish I could dance better with women.
That's a great answer.
But we're not here to judge the answers.
Thanks, Tom.
And the funniest thing you ever saw and laughed at,
but you shouldn't have laughed at it, was...
I was in a deli in midtown and a fella, an older fella
walked right into the glass door because he thought it was open
and it's a smash against the window and
it was awful a couple of us left but
uh... a woman who showed a lot of concern ran out and help the man and
it was
it's awful for the whole rest of the day
mike
yet on
might be the best call i've ever gone to the show
your answers were fantastic thanks for playing the game getting to know you
fm you you're on the air
hello
Hello. Hi. Hi, this is Beth in Cambridge, New York.
What was your first name? Beth. Beth.
Yeah. Beth, are you ready to play getting to know you?
Yeah. Um, I'm a little nervous, but go ahead.
Beth. Mm-hmm.
Who is the cartoon character you relate to the most?
Um, I would say Wendy from South Park.
I don't know. I just like her.
All right.
school overrated
uh... it's too expensive but i think it's worth it for a new thing
okay
and
least favorite beetle
mmm
i have to go with
we're not here to judge the answers thanks for calling that
Thanks, have a great night.
You too.
FM, you're on the air.
Yeah, Tom, hi.
Hi, who's this?
This is Joe from Seattle.
Joe from Seattle, are you ready to play getting to know you?
I'm absolutely ready.
Here we go.
What is the one thing, when you were in high school,
you wish you did, or didn't do?
Try not to use the toilet mouth here,
but related better to women.
OK, fair enough.
Thank you for keeping it clean.
Again, no problem. I'm the first time actually listening live, but I got the drill.
What is the best present anyone ever gave to you?
Mmm, a trench coat.
And who gave it to you?
My mom.
Gotta love mom.
And?
I would resolve the Britney Spears situation by blank.
Sending her on the submarine.
Oh, okay, so you just want to get her off the planet. Yeah, really. I'm tired of hearing about her
Let's be honest. You know what everybody's tired. You're not here to judge the answers. Yeah. Thanks for calling. Yes
FM you you're on the air
Hey, this is Nate from Saint Paul Nate from Saint Paul
Yeah, are you ready to play getting to know you? I certainly am just so you know, I'm gonna ask you three questions
Right here. They come
Okay
Have you ever stolen anything?
I might have tried to sneak out of a convenience store with like a small piece of candy, like one of those little lappy tappy things.
That was pretty small time.
Jazz, yes or no?
Yes.
And?
Who should be president?
who should be president of anyone not just of candidates
george quinton
again we are not here to judge the answers
thank you for playing
fm you you're on the air
hey it's got tea in manhattan's got tea
here to play the game the illustrator
i'd say artist artist
Tapplin.com?
That's right.
People can check it out.
Tapplin.com, you guys are very talented.
Thanks.
Are you ready to play?
I'm ready.
Let me just close the door.
I'm in the private room at work here.
Good, good, good.
Shall we begin?
I'm ready.
What helps you relax?
A glass of Merlot.
OK.
the longest book you ever read
uh... i forget the name of it it was the history of north korea
by a washington post writers really good how long was it you remember how many
pages
uh...
just under a thousand
just under a thousand okay well
and
if you had to vote for somebody from the opposite party it would be
i'd say it was to be juliani
again
not here to judge the answers
thank you for playing scott
picked up
fm you you're on the air
hey what's up this is a from crampers
day from crampford are you ready to play
i think i am done
dave
Soft drink of choice.
Soft drink of, oh, I'm going to go with root beer on that one.
Root beer.
Yeah.
School overrated.
School overrated.
Well, it's overrated until you actually go to a school you
want to, which has been my problem.
Again, I'm not here.
That's a good answer, but I'm right here to judge answers.
and
have you ever been in jail
i have well
i've never been convicted of a crime
i've been in you know
the lock up for an hour or two
my day
thank you for playing the game
thank you Tom
fm you you're on the air
hey Tom
hey who's this
this is forest from Manhattan forest from Manhattan
yes sir are you ready to play getting to know you
yes i am just so you understand i'm going to ask you three questions
and you're going to answer them
favorite hip-hop record of the last three years
uh... i would say uh... the black album by jv
more than three years old but they will let that slide
i'm not here judge answers
soft drink of choice
ginger ale
and
what is the technology that you are not willing
to get behind
do
i would say the uh...
the i-book the electronic book they're offering
the kindle
the kindle yesterday
forest thank you for playing getting to know you
thanks on
fm you you're on the air
I don't know if it's Eric from Staten Island trying again trying to get all your
call back that's right yeah are you ready I am ready
I just got a text message from Julie Klausner our Broadway correspondent
saying only this it got worse that's about young Frankenstein on Broadway
Here we go, Eric.
All right.
What is the best present anybody ever gave to you?
Um, the gift of love.
And who gave it to you?
Um, many people over the years.
Okay.
Can you name a movie that you walked out of?
Um, no, never walked out of a movie, actually.
Okay.
And what is the most you've ever paid for a meal?
Um, about $50.
$50.
Eric, thanks for calling back.
Thank you, Tom.
FM, you're on the air.
Hi, Tom.
Hi, who's this?
This is Brian.
From Columbus, Ohio.
From Columbus, Ohio, are you ready to play?
I'm ready to play.
Brian, what is the state that you don't understand at all?
the
state of mind or
state of the fifties states i'm sorry fifties
uh...
indiana
all right
steve martin or andy koffman
steve martin
the fastest you've ever driven in the car is blank
um... am i driving or can i be a passenger
whatever the fastest one is either either on either end
one hundred and fifty miles an hour
jeepers
who's driving that car
my uncle
where was that on a racetrack
and it's on an expressway
on great
tell your uncle thank you
i know i'm not here to judge the uh...
judge the answers i'm going to judge that one a little bit of a little scary
tell your uncle slow it down
I was telling him that while it was happening.
Yes.
All right.
Thank you.
Thank you.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, I'll play your little game.
You'll play the game?
Yeah, yeah.
All right.
It's going to look fun.
Who's this?
This is Matthew.
Matthew, where are you calling from?
Western Maine.
OK.
Western Maine.
Matthew, who should be the 14th member of Ocean's 14?
Oh, geez.
Help out Ricky Martin.
okay
the person you're going to change that
okay uh... joe rutie from the oakland eight
okay joe rutie from the oakland eight
number two
what is the rudest thing anyone ever said to you
uh... i wish you would die and i hope you die
if it was it
that was exactly it
okay i wish you would die and i hope you know i'll take that back
i'm going to kill you
uh-huh second wife
okay
you tried to also
third question is
craziest ebay purchase
a lot of them i would probably say
Hitler's desk
what
Hitler's desk
Hitler's desk yeah
it turned out it wasn't Hitler's desk that was kind of a bummer
well why were you trying to buy Hitler's desk it just seemed like it would be
something to have and I had the dough
uh-huh yeah I just gotten some massive residuals
okay
alright
thank you for uh
thanks for playing the game absolutely how are you doing tonight? I'm doing okay good good
Hey, I heard you were waiting on that, uh, on this big writer strike.
Yeah.
Pretty crazy stuff, isn't it?
Um, yeah, it's pretty wild.
It's pretty devastating to the network, isn't it?
Yeah, yeah, it is.
Not my network.
Not to your network?
No.
What's your network?
Yes.
Uh, I have no idea.
The only network that matters.
I don't even know what that is.
The shout network, you dummy.
The shout network.
Yeah, you tell a dummy.
So, wait, have I spoken to you in the past?
It's Matthew Tomkins.
Oh my God.
We talked a while ago, remember?
Yes.
That was a great time.
Yeah, that was a while ago.
I thought you were working at ABC or something.
I was.
Yeah, I moved.
For cavemen.
Yeah, I moved.
Because that's the last time we spoke.
Yeah, things were a little pear shaped there, as they say over in old,
Where they go, oh, Blighty, you're blind me.
Blighty, right?
I have no idea.
So you're back at the Shoutnet work?
I am, yeah.
All right.
And how's that background belong?
Like I said, the only network that matters.
The Shoutnet work is the only network that matters.
Yeah, yeah.
OK.
Yeah.
I tell you truth, I haven't been watching a whole lot of TV
since all the strike stuff's going down.
Wait, what?
Are you nuts?
No.
Well, you're not into this whole strike thing.
What do you mean?
I mean, you're down with the writers, right?
I'm down with the writers?
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm on the writer's side.
Oh, geez.
Well.
What do you think down with means?
Down with is your for the writers, right?
Yes, I am for the writers.
Yeah.
Okay.
And you're not I'm assuming of course not because you're an executive exactly
you know but I'll say this right couldn't be hampering our output of high
quality programming any less uh-huh yeah you know what our motto is what's
that the hell with the writers to hell with the right yeah we're putting it
all over coffee mugs you're yeah I'm even getting engraved in my cigar
You're getting to hell with the writers yeah engraved on your humidor my what my
thermo door what is a thermo door a humidor yeah is something you keep
cigars in no it's not a thermo door it's a humidor what is you're not I'm not
that's that that's anyway the strike is like a it's a total blessing for the
gift of so much more leeway
uh-huh
uh... while the leeway in in what capacity will be decided that that there
were so much more excited about these new shows that we got that i think we've
had in years
and that's including jay van <E.D.> crime cruncher is the vam more than
variety two hours in the reggae kid
yeah
so you're more excited about what you've got now oh yeah absolutely i mean who
who needs all that scripted garbage
the way for the time if you ask us
uh...
scripted garbage you like the uh... the things that were
that are written and kind of crafted also boring you know
uh... it's not but it's totally boring you know it's not boring what's that
the reality field
so so that's what shout is going to come out we're floating it
exploding
we're taking it to the boundaries that uh... nobody ever imagined
reality
like do you have like what kind of
well i i can you tell us any of these shows up really i'll give you what i'll
give you one right now all of the uh... top of my head
all right
and add them up
citizens arrest
what's that what was that name
and that's about
who is advanced as a model you know i think that the right sure
author
if i would like russian right
uh... i i don't know that much about them well he's the key of the kid of
this guy and got the mutton shops and all that stuff you know
so there's this is a as mom son exactly that yeah uh-huh he lived out in law
okay
and he's we host a reality show basically advanced heads up a squadron of angry
citizens who were taken upon themselves to police a small town uh-huh and they
make arrests and they put prisoners into their own uh... you know kind of
judicial system
and they have like this makeshift prison that put up in some dude's garage
well what gives them the right to do that what do you mean what i think what
what gives a man to the right to be the judge of the whole town
so he's the judge oh totally yeah
and there's a one great scene
where a couple of the townspeople bring in the local gym teacher on suspicion
of being a total perv
uh-huh and then
instantly
how is any of this legal
what do you know
the final eagle
it's t.v.
god's greatest medium
well because it's t.v. does not give you the right to do whatever you want
let me tell you that's okay
judge bant he goes totally by gut feeling
and have got it in this particular instance got tell him that the guy was
a perp so he jailed them
uh... but between you and me
uh... advanced gut was wrong on that one
uh-huh and about forty two other judgements
yeah
so also what do those people are being jailed for how long well uh...
you know
started shooting back in like october
uh-huh and a lot of mark are still there
Why oh, that's horrible. Well, I mean, yeah, that's the thing. It's like there's all kinds of lawsuits and
Things going against him in particular in the show as a whole. Uh-huh. Well good
We might end up starting over again with Robbie Kniebel as the host
Because what what was the name Vance? Yeah Vance will probably go to jail himself
Oh
Yeah, whipping people what's that he was whipping people he was with so as a judge
he was whipping people as punishment well yeah and for kicks too there was a
lot of the whipping that didn't take place on camera uh-huh it's terrible
well you know what's not terrible what's that Chris on Chris on yeah Chris on
dot dot dot what's that called an ellipse and a clip ellipses what's that
that's what it's called the lips of what it's no ellipses okay I'll write that
down. How do you spell it? Why? It begins with an E. No, it begins with an I. No, of
yes, it? Of yes, okay. Ellipses begins with an E. Oh, it'll, okay. I'll just do it
poetically. Okay. Okay. Well, basically Chris on, it's a show where, you know,
former
history of her peter chris he holds a nightly fire side chat
uh... and he discusses the issues of the day
oh it's riveting
peter chris yeah why the from kids is great yet great drama it's him sitting
for how long
it's like two hours
two hours yeah
he's very excited about i spoke to him the other day and and he already has the
first couple shows not doubt uh...
the first show is going to be it about how much is drumming was influenced by
classic sixty three
uh-huh you get really into the uh... the deep nuts and both of the classic
songs like that
dirty living hooligan and of course
i don't know that's the kind of sugar pop alike
so that's one of the that's one of his songs yeah
but he also want to talk about what's going on in the desert overseas
uh-huh
it's it's iraq and iran right
that's what they call it right
those are the two countries yes
he keeps calling it Persia
well iran used to be purgia well he
he still keeps calling it that night i'd kind of stop correcting him at this
point because he gets really mad at me
uh...
yeah that that um...
i don't know
two hours of peter chris sitting in front of a fireplace just
and the fires really hot
uh-huh and it keeps like burning his neck. That's the thing. He wants it really hot
because like he thinks he's really tough, but it's too hot for him. It's called a hot fire.
It's like hotter than normal.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, so it's too much for him. But the second episode is great.
What is that?
Would you like to hear about it?
The second episode of what was called Chris on?
Chris on e-lip dip.
Yes, okay.
Yeah. It's about how much he hates Jean and Paul.
Uh-huh.
It's great.
And it's just him.
it's kind of going off like an hour and a half and then the final half hour
uh-huh he weighs in on the upcoming election
and where does he stand on the election um he's for Myers
Myers yeah who's Myers Burl Myers
i i i don't know who Burl Myers is
oh well it's for the shop steward of his local musicians union
no why
why it okay that's kind of when people talk
about the a lot upcoming election they're usually not talking about the
shop steward of their of whatever they're okay well i'll take this as a note
okay okay what do you think we're talking about
um who the election for president of the united states
uh...
uh...
yeah that's it
well anyway uh...
that's actually kind of boring i i i do admit you know him talking about the
musician union but i got to say this in his defense
heaters q rating
his q rating absolutely that it's off the charts
okay and that's like a way they measure of totally yeah yeah people's
awareness absolutely it he uh...
i think they're the roof
you ready for a new season of tough now
tough now
i'd i remember you i think you had told me about that in the past it's it's
one of our cornerstone
uh...
and which one is that again what's up now is the reality of the starts when
we say it starts
what and that was
i'm sorry i i don't remember
well you know in previous seasons we started messing with the contestants
after after
they've shown up at our offices you know expressing interest in being on a
reality show uh...
you know we cut a <E.D.> with them right then yeah
but uh... this year there's a new twist of that's right that was a show where
you like messed with some guy when he was leaving the office in the in the
elevator you can happen to be taken to this remote uh... farm somewhere and
kill him pretty much it's hilarious
yeah it sounds hilarious yeah it's great
so what is it
anyway there's a there's a whole new twist this year yeah
great well what is the twist
you ready
well this one
we get in one stage earlier in the process they haven't even signed up yet
uh... that uh... they haven't signed up for what
for any kind of reality show
so how are they contestants well basically here's what happened
we find out who's like an arrogant creep
uh... from viewers
yeah i will kind of randomly you know yeah yeah and then we go to where they
work
uh... and we beat the fudge of them with water jugs full of sand
uh-huh. It's great. These people don't even know they're contestants on a show. There's
this one contestant he got assaulted in the parking garage.
That sounds horrible. That was great. You know, we were just trying to see how tough
he was. Now, I mean, he put on this big front at the office. Uh-huh. Yeah. So, so get what
we did to him in the parking lot. What? We put electrodes on his pippin. Okay. And let
a little bit of the the the the okay okay you are
but this guy yeah how do you even know he's interested in being on a reality
always not interested in it he's just a creep at work
and everyone worked tired of his uh... shenanigans uh-huh yeah
so that at this one i'm going to predict
probably gonna end up in another uh...
you might end up in a lawsuit on this one uh...
i agree with everything you've got but i would substitute the word already is
uh... in place of the word probably
okay
and because basically all you're doing is assaulting people
out of the blue
based on the grounds that someone contacted you and said they were a creep
define out of the blue
they don't know uh... who you are or why you're attacking them
okay you got me on that it's correct
hey tom question you though uh...
when you think of the star that you wish was back on uh...
you know the uh...
the great golden golden silver screen
uh-huh
first name the public and you know what what is that the gold and silver screen
golden slash silver screen
what is the old the old saying the silver screen yeah it takes it up a
notch it kind of ratchets it
so the golden silver screen yeah because the silver screen is a movie screen
no it's not it's t.v.
it's moved it's a movie screen what's the golden screen i've never heard that
before oh really until this is the first time i'm hearing that i must have
made it up and
i'm gonna patent that
make a note to myself golden
i'm gonna patent golden screen
and also golden slash over screen
uh-huh more money for me great okay
anyway
who's the first are you think of that you wish was back on that that said
screen
you mean like somebody who uh... it was a huge man once
and it maybe it's not so much in the public eye as much
but still a genius
like jerry sinefeld
um...
i don't like uh...
like that
man
like uh... ted danson
like uh... kelsey grammar
uh...
somebody who
Was once massive, like beloved by the earth basic like like Cosby you're getting warmer
Okay, like Cosby
Huh, I have no idea
The B-Man
The B-Man yeah
I don't know who the B-Man is the B-Man. He's back on the golden silver screen
Who is the bee man? Joey but a Foucault. Why?
He's not. You're saying somebody who's beloved? Yeah. That guy is not beloved.
Everyone loves him. Ask your call screen. What's his name Todd? His name's Mike.
Okay, ask him. Hey Mike, do you love Joey but a Foucault? No, he says no.
what
uh... i don't get it
but you know what he had thought we'll get
joey but a focus prank patrol
his
is what's that
well that's the show
joey but a focus prank patrol yeah
it's actually joey and his and his patrol and and they pull from the most
hilarious gags on the people of marick long island uh-huh so amazing
but it's a show that's got hard
his prank like what
what is i got to get that it's so much funnier than oj's prank show which i
thought was genius
okay it's a shame everyone got so scared to find the guy it's like oh jeez we
can't find oj it's like someone please have a uh...
s-a-c
so uh...
so joey but if we'll go show you think is
oh you know i i i i should say this right now
he's changed the pronunciation of it it's no longer but if we'll go yeah it's
Butifuco.
Butifuco.
Yeah, yeah.
OK.
So Joey Butifuco.
Yes.
What is he trying to go for a be classy now or something?
Well, it's kind of got the hint of the word beautiful in it,
which I think is totally apropos.
Yeah.
OK.
So on this show, Joey Butifuco.
Butifuco, yes.
Yes.
His prank patrol show.
Yes.
Like what?
please tell me about one of these pranks with heart okay well
in one episode uh... joey he calls in a fire
you know to the local fire department uh...
and he left the fire department rush to the house
and they get there are you know they got their hoses you know well at the
ready etcetera and there's like i guess you know there's like four
trucks there so how many guys that's like thirty guys at least
i would imagine so yeah and they get there and they discovered that it's
actually joey having a small party for them
for the fireman
which includes like three peaches and two sixty four-inch bottles of soda
uh-huh yeah
so he's mainly honoring them as heroes
uh... but he's he called them away to a fire
well mitt there probably was a fire at that point or any other kind of
emergency at two a.m.
don't think
yeah i i think well i want mischief night
on mischief night yeah why
i think there's a good chance
i was going to say
at the very least right these guys are getting a woken
well yeah i mean if i think that we've been picked up and why
what's that they probably been asleep since like ten in the the other the
the call comes in yeah yeah so they got of course they got to get up it's like
on the pole so they rush over to this house that they think is burning down
right
yet and we actually say that there's like that there's been been uh... you
know uh... reports of screaming
so these guys are hurrying over to this house of all of the thing
and then they get there and inside they find we also say that it kept the
captain's house
what's that we also say that that the captain's house the captain's house
yeah so they rush over they've got even more of a uh... incentive of an
impetus to uh... to get out of what's that impetus impotence uh... read a book
much
impetus yeah okay you know what
they've got
the impetus yeah to get over that i said yeah
uh...
and they they get in the house and they and then they they big reveal is it's
joey
how is it be you to fuko beautiful yes
it's joey be you to fuko
sitting there with a few pizzas
yeah
and oh my god you should
it is the best part of it's so fun to see the look on the guy's faces when
they realize that they're being celebrated
in such a fashion the look on the fireman's back yeah yeah they really can't
believe it
uh-huh yeah their expressions are so amazing
like what like what
well it's like they're so emotional that they almost get furious at him
well i'm sure they were just furious at him
well no they they were touched
i mean they're so touched that they start
you know shoving joey
shoving it like with like what do you mean shoving
you know shoving like a good-natured
you know but like pretty hard like i mean like really hard
and they thought given him bro punches you know uh... yeah uh... well man
but in the face
uh-huh yeah
so well that we start crying it's so moving
that just sounds like they're beating him up
that says you
uh... yeah and said
uh...
exactly exactly doing the fire department
kind of parrot because it's like the one thing that kind of backfired the
season
as opposed to the
show where i think as mom's son
is locking people in a homemade jail right
and
the you're showing up at an office just beating people up right
so this is the one thing that hasn't uh...
that hasn't gone uh... wrong yet well yet but i haven't gotten to our next
show yet which is what uh... who wants to eat a cell phone
uh... what and what is that about
remember that this guy's actually down down in your neck of the woods
huge star down there
who's that regimen row
regimen wrote the guy
the guy who got kicked off survivor yet he got caught having a think that the
because uh... i'd run it as a family program okay i don't know if it's like
instant stutter something kind of weird no okay
that's actually a great idea for show instant stutter
you're going to write that one of the kind of writing it down right now
i think that there are three teeth and stutter right
yes
i mean in a row
not in a row
Oh, I mean, it's S-T-T-U-T-E-R.
Okay, perfect.
Yeah, anyway, so it's pretty self-explanatory, this show.
It's pretty cool, even though Reggie isn't quite as out there
as we hoped he'd be.
I mean, he's out there.
Yeah.
But not in the way that we wanted.
I mean, because before he was, you know,
he was like, very, very, he's a sexual being.
You know what I mean?
Uh-huh.
Yeah, but not really anymore.
Mm-hmm. Well, you said you were looking for it to be more gross
We wanted to let him open up, you know, let me let his F. What I don't even want to know
I centered myself on that
Good what let him let his F flag fly
Okay, yeah, thank you, but you know you heard about his whole thing now, right?
What is that? He's born a new
He's born again. He's born a new. What is born a new? It's like being born again, but more hardcore. Okay. Yeah
He's in this weird sex called the
The Christianians. I don't even know what that is. It's hardly anybody does
Basically the the Christianians they believe that the Bible is not the true word of God
Mm-hmm that many of its books were taken out
Which a lot of other sex believe?
Okay, but the kristonian they believe that the books that were taken out
Were way less tolerant and way harsher than what's in there now. Uh-huh
Yeah, it's kind of the opposite of what most people think when they think of like excise books from the Bible
You know like that like they were talking about
whatever like reincarnation or you know a
Loving God sort of things the exact opposite of that. Oh
So they think that it was meaner exactly like like Reggie believes that having hair is a sin
Wow.
Yeah.
So he's eating and going to the Toy D.
Oh, so?
Okay.
Yeah.
So he won't do any of the dirty stuff at all and actually what he does is he reads
lost Bible passages to the person while he's shoving a cell phone down their throat.
Wow.
Yeah.
That's basically the show in a nutshell.
You'd watch that, wouldn't you?
You want to know what?
Yeah.
I actually might watch that.
Oh, good.
Okay.
we got one viewer
so what do you think we're both named Todd here
me and my associate producer
you and and yeah and call spinner Todd
yeah no I'm Tom I thought your show was called the two Todds
no it's not called the two Todds it's Tom great idea for a show though I might
I picked that to Shout Latino, those pubs.
Those pubs.
Okay.
Un-and-done.
Wow.
Yeah.
Are you ready for probably the best show this season?
Sure.
Are you strapped in?
Yes.
You got your helmet on?
I do.
Okay.
What color is your helmet?
Um, white.
Great.
Okay, I'm talking 180 with Hulk Hogan
What is that? It's just the greatest show you've ever seen
Okay, basically Hulk Hogan. He's he's the newest entrant
Into the late-night talk show field
Hulk Hogan. Yeah, yeah
The guy who all right whatever, okay
But you guys have had I guess it would be a little bit of a checkered
history as far as late night talk shows go. Are you talking about Van Morrison?
Yeah. The Van Morrison variety two hours. Yeah. Yeah. Well, we're still kind of
licking our wounds on that, you know, how it ended. Yeah, that was a little
unsettling. Yeah. Well, I mean, who would have ever thought that a man of a van's
age could a get that mad that quickly? B, smash up a set with that kind of
intensity I mean he's not big and see well yeah let's not say take someone's
life yeah it was horrible I'm gonna say I mean you've seen you've probably seen
the footage it was up on YouTube for like two minutes but enough people saw
it it's pretty rough it's very rough uh-huh they were trying to stretch that
into a whole special
not going to a well-built
to stretch what
just that clip
well you can't be horrified from it on one hand
and then just
capitalize on it on the other hand well you know
the america
you do what you can
that's what our founding fathers
said basically right
the america comma you do what you can
i don't know if that's exactly how they said it and
they said okay well anyway
one eighty with hulk Hogan
what why is it called one eighty
because it's three hours long
three of three hour hundred eighty minutes
okay yeah yeah that's how long three hours is yeah
so seven nights a week
says that so he doesn't show on saturday's and sunday absolutely yeah
so it's it's the it's the other guys just do monday to friday
yet the uh... the piece of i like to call
uh... okay
so hulk hogan's one eighty with hulk hogan
three hours a night yep
seven nights a week up
and what and when is this beginning
monday
and uh... well i mean are you not even a little bit worried about with the
writer strike
absolutely not
i mean everyone saying he had a hoaxer can't utilize writers in any capacity
but yeah you know that the sky's an improv machine thought
hulk Hogan
yeah isn't it he's an improv absolutely
like it give me an example of some of the improv well i mean basically we've
kind of kind of sit around all day and you know in a room with them and we
hear him do all these great different characters
uh-huh yeah he does this one character where he pretends to be like a complete
muscle-bound idiot it's hilarious
everyone in the room is cracking up all day
so he's doing it like it like
he's putting on a uh... like uh...
like a he's acting like a character
yeah it's like just the kind of idiot that's like uh... dummy
like well
what other what other characters is hulk hogan doing in the room
if he's an improv machine
You know, come to think of it, I'm kind of drawing a blank on the other one, that's pretty much the only one that comes to mind.
That's pretty much it actually, yeah.
So, before you recall him an improv machine, are you sure that this is even a character he's doing?
That this is not just actually him.
wow uh... being a muscle-bound idiot you know now that you put it like that i'm
really not sure
well uh...
that
need to get worked out and will be worked out i don't think there's any problem
with that you know why
because of the co-host
uh... okay
so you got somebody who because that's actually the key
of a lot of talk shows is if you get a good sidekick absolutely ethnic mayhan
and a richter
who who is going to be
hulk hogan's uh... sidekick the macho man
not the wrestler
yeah randal savage
right randal savage
macho man who i guess he used to go by randy but now you know i mean he's an
older guy he's sophisticated
uh...
and all that that he seems very certainly randal savage the third he seems very
sophisticated absolutely he was very sophisticated in those uh...
slim jim commercials
he was you know they have worked together since ruffle mania fourteen
who uh... hulk and and randy savage but i got the chemistry is still there
between those two guys absolutely although
between you and me no one's going to notice that
uh... macho man did have uh... tongue surgery recently
tongue surgery yeah
like the what what kind of
like how what would be very minimal
would be very minor uh-huh what did you know you're out
okay what did he have done to his tongue he had a new tongue put in
so that can hold on so macho man randy savage right who
is not known for being one of the clearer speakers debatable yeah
he he just had a new tongue put in yeah yeah
so isn't that going to make him
so much harder to understand
i'll be honest it is pretty difficult to understand them
uh... but you know what these guys get get the flow
you know the banter is going to be fizzling
uh-huh like basically it'll be like all going
ready what's up and then randy will go
uh...
is that what he sounds like now
pretty much but you know i just said what
going great
hulk how are you doing
what's up with the kids
so that said that and you're going to be x white but that's what it's going to
sound like pretty much yeah uh-huh but i gotta say
rando's queue rating
hmm guess where it is
guess what it's through
it's a pro the roof absolutely that yeah
it really his queue rating is high rating i mean this guy's queue
is through
the roof
well it's curating
do you know what it's that you keep throwing curating around right as if
that's
just enough to justify anything very important
don't you agree about the curating being super important
you want to know i don't know that much about curating's what do you know about
the curating
well i mean i know it's a way to gauge how
uh... a popular a person is in the public eye
wait out of it
yes
okay i thought it was something else
you're a you've been saying it again
it's a it's a cage of finding out how how popular or where
the public is of us a specific celebrity
oh it's about awareness
what did you think it was i think about awesomeness
like if they think that person's awesome uh-huh
but are you seeing actual queue ratings on this
fine singing
i mean you've said that his it's through the roof what are you basing that on
basically i'm
basing on what i imagine his queue rating might be
so so we you're just you're just guessing what a queue rating might be
pretty much yeah okay
wow that's
but they're good scores they're very like he he scored like a hundred
uh-huh oh so the so the fictional score yeah it's a hundred that's like the
top it's a hundred yeah okay
guess what peter chris's queue rating was
ninety nine
if you've seen it yet
it is ninety nine uh-huh yeah
wow it sounds like the shout network
has nothing but success on its horizon and you know it makes it successful
what are real life writers
what what is that
basically all these shows kind of utilize real life writers that's what we
call them
well i don't know what that is well they write the show
no one of the writers are on strike right now
not these guys
well what is a real-life writer what is it like a guy from gas stations
convenience or clerks
what a wrestling coaches
uh-huh you know they could they can sit in a room all day and and they come up
with the show they're great
so funny
but what the but those that those that if so they're writing the actual
content absolutely yeah
you mean like scabs
no they're real-life writers
you know i just said
i did i did hear what you said and
anybody who's kind of working as a writer on these shows now is a scab
no they're not sure they are
tom here is a question for you all these you got my name right
oh uh...
i was pulling with you before uh-huh okay
i know what your name is
what again
tom sharply
you know a lot of writing tonight i'd take a note that's what i do i take and
i give uh... yeah
i could imagine your notes must be awesome
they're great no uh...
and i'm they call me the note king
they must love you so you love me i do it
i have a question for you
with the real victims of this whole strike thing
who are the victims of this strike
uh... i would say the
crew people who who are caught in the middle of of the strike
uh...
and uh... writers
okay and uh... i guess to a degree the viewers
uh... what are you not
well what what
those people watch anything
the viewers absolutely
so so if the writers themselves and the crew people caught in the middle right
are not the victims
who are the victims of the strike
the executive like me
where the victims
hahahaha
how are you a victim of the strike how am i supposed to go to a totally posh
restaurant
hmm and just
right off a lunch how do i justify that
how does that make you a victim
i have to i have i can't write my my lunch off
so
neither can everybody else i should be able to go
because i'm an executive
well i'm executive
okay
you're an executive
thank you all that's all good
it's also going to feel good what
new bridges next up mayor
new but what is that
are you ready
yeah come into your town
uh...
basically here here's what it is
too huge stars
uh...
they're going to be coming to new bridge to help electin next mayor
okay
so
you want to know who the stars are
are they huge stars really or they huge stars for the shout network huge stars
really okay who who are they
both both i'll let you get uh...
both work out work in music
one more uh... in t.v. also
okay yeah the first guy
huge musician
a huge musician
currently huge
absolutely
wow who is
huge as a t.v. person or a music person music person
okay
i don't i don't know
uh... can i give you a little hint absolutely okay
does the name of the texas nazi's ring a bell
uh... yet it does okay uh-huh
gg allen
merle allen yes his brother excited
no i'm not i guess what he still has
his Hitler moustache
he does
he's done great
okay the other guy
yeah also a basis
okay okay but more on the tv and
more on the tv and still on tv
okay hugely successful show just last year
um... give me a hint
uh... red hair
still a great basis from what i hear
I don't know.
dicket the dee...
It's a song that was singing.
Come on and do it.
A whole lot of that stuff is what it's going to be happening.
No, not Danny caught a ditch.
Probably the best bass player around.
Really?
Yeah.
I didn't know he was renowned for it.
Absolutely.
Who did he play bass with again?
the park which family
uh... or are you sure he was actually playing base with the people on the
record that's what he said
i don't think he played with the first guy to ever do that popping thing
that the guy in the chili pepper does that's not true that's what he said
well he's lying well
basically nuber to the next top mayor it's going to be a reality show
uh-huh you know will
kind of put put the contestant for their paces you know people running through
amazing how many hamburgers they can sell and eat that kind of thing
mmm-hmm yeah
and the producers were also going to bring out in uh... twelve
models and former models of mayoral candidate
really yeah it's going to be great
so the candidates are
so
these are not going to actually be
they're just going to be people who look good
well should a mayor look great
oh a mayor should be a great mayor
and i think looks are probably more important
uh...
what is with your attitude i'm not liking it one bit
my attitude yeah you mean about the fact that i'm just not
i'm not
uh... rolling over and laughing at every
you know i let anything and cheering on every one of these ideas be cheering like
you know uh... uh... uh... uh... dallas cowboys uh cheerleader
or the barely to cleveland brown cheerleader uh-huh yeah okay
well i think these are terrible at first of all i think they're terrible ideas
just
face value
okay
secondly you're you're applying scabs
segan
you've got all these scabs working these jobs
real-life writers as you were calling them absolutely yes yeah
and it really it's just it's just lowering of of
standards and of
the culture
i'd i totally disagree and i think what will hammer home my my point
that this is high entertainment now you're going to pay me yeah
our final show
what's that and our best show
uh-huh it's called to hunt
and kill
a slob
to hunt
comma
gut
comma
and kill the calm the second comma is not needed we did a we did so much
research on them
so to hunt
comma
got to cut no comma no comma and kill a slob a slob yeah and what is that
about basically quick logline
t.v. executive
hired six international assassins to hunt
gut and kill a slob slash ape slash uh... d.j.
oh okay
yeah i didn't i didn't see this coming
let me guess who played coming
who plays the dj
yeah i want to talk to you about this uh...
uh... what do you want to talk about you remember uh... it was a movie
uh... within the works
i'd i'd obviously didn't get made it was called hang the dj
i believe it was a trent elle strals production
uh-huh it's sort of uh... uh... carrying on in that mold all okay yeah
Yeah, and I guess it's me.
Yeah.
Yeah, and I'm going to be hunted.
Yeah.
And what?
Cudded.
And what?
Killed.
Yes.
Are you ready?
No, I'm not ready.
Well, it's going to happen.
It's not going to happen.
Well, I will not be a part of this.
Well, you're a part of it already.
What do you mean?
I've already hired the International Assassin.
And left I heard they were in Newbridge.
where you right now
you're in
i'm definitely not saying where i am here in jersey city right
that's so close to new bridge
they flew into new bridge international
uh... yet today
great yet
all may i do not and do you
uh... yeah
well this is not happening
word of of of of wisdom
uh... you're getting good it depends on how you how you want to come off in
your dying moment yeah
i would i would like if you have a bandana
i would put it in my mouth
to like you know to to cleanse down on all great yeah thank you
that way you don't like too much of the p
yeah okay when you when you're good well this is not happening it is happening
sorry i'm i'm i'm getting a text from boris
and for
while okay
and pablo
okay
they're they're outside the building
they're here now
popular said that he's planning up the sidewall
and he can see you in the window
upgrade all my god he's gonna blow that window out look out
holy moly
still here though
i don't see him yet
if you see anybody mike
resembling an international assassin
don't let them in the building
fm you're on the air
hello
the heat from wisconsin calling
thanks for holding on for uh... fifty five minutes
you know i was on for a long time but
this is uh... it's a great honor
now uh... he's
are you looking to play getting to know you
uh... sure that would you have called about
is that what you had called about
uh... yes yes it is
but and and also to um...
i don't know if i can say it's on the radio play a little
little kiss <E.D.>
i'm uh...
I'm a short time, but a big fan, and I've been checking out the archives, and I cried
I was laughing so hard at the Mets vs. Yankees fan.
You went all the way back?
Yeah, that was way old, and it was awesome.
Well, you're sweet to say that.
Just so you know, there's seven and a half years of shows between that show and tonight.
I'm catching up on it, I know.
I can't wait till you're there, Heath.
Are you ready to play?
I'm ready to play.
Soft drink of choice.
Diet Mountain Dew.
It's questionable, I understand.
I'm not judging you.
I'm looking for the next question.
OK.
iPhone.
Yes or no?
Definitely yes.
Yes, OK.
And, the funniest thing you ever laughed at, but shouldn't have laughed at is...
Um, and it was hilarious.
Okay, thank you Heath.
Toilet mouth.
I don't know, they raise you out that they're in Wisconsin.
Is that how they do it?
If I'm you, you're on the air.
Hey, Tom, what's going on?
Not a whole lot.
Who's this?
This is Alex from, uh, from Parcipony.
Alex from Parcipony, are you calling up to play getting to know you?
I am calling to play getting to know you.
Are you ready?
Oh, I'm ready.
Crazy as the eBay purchase.
I've never purchased anything on eBay.
I'm a sad human being the longest book you ever read I don't know probably one
of those big old Russian books like dr. Zhivago or crime and punishment I read
a lot all right and who is the cartoon character you most relate to cartoon
character I most relate to. Yes. Oh man, it's a good one. It's a bad man. I don't know.
I'm just taking a guess, Tom. I had anything bad man. Yeah. Why not? It's fun. Not here
to judge. Thanks for playing. All right Tom. Hey, we'll go. Yep. Oh, I don't know if you've
seen on uh...
the a v club from the onion on pat niles walt recently posted a big article
about those k f c flavor bowls
um...
he actually ate one of them and he was talking about it on the
on the website it was kind of funny
um...
he was talking about it on the show over the summer and i figured i would uh...
i would care that's with you know i'm going to do
what are you going to do check it out
excellent excellent on
thanks buddy
are you thinking
fm you you're on the air
Hey, who's this?
Colin in Los Angeles.
Colin in Los Angeles.
Are you ready to play getting to know you?
I'm totally ready.
If your house is going to explode, you would rush in and save blank.
My computer.
The state that you don't understand at all.
state like the state like in the country yes
okay
um...
Oklahoma
second person saying Oklahoma tonight
and
uh...
what is the longest you've gone without eating food
uh...
two three days
three days
what led to that
uh... was
traveling
uh...
and i didn't have any food with me
or any money
call on
yeah thank you for playing getting to know you
thank you for letting me play
fm you you're on the air
uh... who
how you doing doing okay uh... who's this
this is Sebastian from boulder calling from Baltimore
hold on a second
you are from boulder colorado
but you are currently in baltimore
but i'm in baltimore and what what brings you there uh... the wire
yeah i just i just had to see if it was for real
mike
would you like to could you come in here to review the wire
but in the meantime Sebastian
are you ready to play getting to know you sure
who should be the fourteenth uh... member of oceans fourteen
uh...
fourteen member of oceans fourteen should be
robert loja
robert loja good answer
how much money do you have in your wallet right now
uh... thirty dollars
and who is the person you are completely jealous of
and why
i'm completely jealous
uh...
you know what i'm not jealous of anyone
fair enough thanks for thinking it's a passion
mike yes
associate producer mike
to a sound check level check
that's talking there we go
sounds good
You have been doing a crash course on the wire
so that you were able to catch up before season five.
Well, that's true, Tom.
I succumb to all the pressures that you're still holding out on.
Yes.
That this is the greatest show ever made.
And you are now caught up.
I'm caught up.
You're on the roller coaster ride that is season five.
That is true.
Episode two aired last night, two nights ago.
True.
On a scale of one to 10, what do you give it?
Episode two was good.
There's a storyline that could be very interesting.
Oh.
Rating.
Rating for that episode?
It's up to you.
Look, this is up to you.
You can do a report card rating or a one to 10 worst
the best.
I would say that was an eight.
and eight out of a possible ten yes would you say it was one of the best
episodes of the wire you've seen
they're all pretty consistent
i don't think it's
ever really bad
uh... it's pretty high yeah no it's a good show i would never say it's a bad
show okay but i just don't quite agree with the assessment is the greatest
show ever yeah
now it's like a detective show it's a cop show uh-huh
does the one what's the one cops name
McNulty McNulty like have a quirk does he like eat like jelly beans or
something like this is his quirk is alcoholism okay so he drinks he drinks
alcohol yes that's his fun quirk yes and he's doing a fair amount in in this
season because I like the shows were a guile like like a lollipop yeah this is
fun quirk they they had in he sort of dropped his quirk Lester is another
detective and his quirk was building furniture miniature furniture now that's a
quirk yeah yeah like a little dollhouse furniture exactly that's a quirk worthy
of the mystery wheel yeah but it was pretty prominent in season one but I guess
they just figured you know they had a drop it it was getting a little tired
You know showing him over by his desk, you know putting together a tiny little bureau or yeah bed
Now was there a police chief on the show who's always yelling at these guys?
There there is the hard guy
Who sort of got bumped up the chain?
But they had they also have a jolly guy
who is, you know, a heavy set man who's always eating, who are reading
smut. That seems to be his job. And then he comes out and he chews out the
detectives every once in a while or makes a joke. Yeah. Is he like the
comic relief? He's supposed to be comic relief. Now is this show the kind of
show where it's like a got where like where the comedy is not very funny? Yeah
Yeah, lots of my friends who love the show,
insist it's a funny show,
and there are attempts at humor,
but I don't think I've laughed once.
Yeah, it's not funny.
I'll tell you right now, it's not funny.
I could tell it's not funny.
Sopranos is funny.
Yes.
Deadwood funny.
Exactly.
The wire might be great.
It's a good cop show.
Not gonna be funny.
I know I'm not in for laughs on this thing.
No.
does it think it's funny? At times, yes. Like people running into screen doors and what not?
We'll have to ask the people of Baltimore whether this really happens. This show is supposed to
be very realistic. One of the things that they do when a detective dies, they take the body.
Don't bother the water. No, they actually smuggle the body out to a bar and then they all gather
around the body in the bar and drink and sing like week like weekend at Bernie's and they
sing pog songs sounds like weekend at Bernie's a little bit yeah yeah and I you know I wonder
if this really happens in Baltimore is Jonathan Silverman in the the wire I haven't seen him
when the cops when they slip a dead cop out do they put like a blue windbreaker on them
and a striped shirt like Bernie had on oh I haven't seen that and do they try to like
make him like do they have to pretend he's alive no they basically leave him on
the pool table the pool table yeah they said that's rude they spread him out on
the pool table what if I was going into this place I want to play nice game
pool the dead guy laying on the pool table I got the impression that they
close it off to the police for these wakes mm-hmm well I would take my
business elsewhere I'm just gonna say that right now so they sang yeah it was
So that's comedy in this show.
I think so.
Dark humor.
Yeah.
Got this guy on some cooke on the chat,
trying to say like, yeah, it was funny when
Poli Walnut's called somebody a curse.
Or when Tony beats somebody to death, that was funny.
No, yeah, stupid.
It's 100 funny moments on the Sopranos.
You throw a rock, you'll hit a funny moment
the Sopranos. I agree. They're all rock you'll hit a funny moment. The way he's
like you should tell you go to a baja fresh. It's one of the funniest lines I've
ever heard when Polly Walnut said that. Should I send the kid to baja fresh?
Like you're laughing? Yeah, no. Actually they're showing like the first and second
season and I've been watching them again and they're still funny. Yeah, sorry
people. Guess what? Sopranos was awesome and people liked it. What to say? Well
you cuz slobs like it? Are you wire fans? Do you think you can look down on
Sopranos now? I think wire fans think that you get a degree for watching this
show. Yeah. This is just a television show. You're an honorary comp at the end
of it. It's sociology, it's anthropology. We're all gonna get degrees at the end.
Yeah, these wire people, you know, they don't like it because it's like Led Zeppelin in a way
Spronos was like Led Zeppelin like you get it where it's like
You get all these people who think oh, I understand what made Led Zeppelin great and they it's like not what these dopes
Like Led Zeppelin for they're just idiots, but they like Led Zeppelin. They're just stupid though
Sick these snobs
Slobs versus snobs. You know which side I'm always going to be on.
Come on, snobs. Knock it off. Knock it off, snobs.
Did you see the diving bell in the butterfly?
People saying I got to be more positive on the show.
Did you see that? I haven't seen that. I've heard good things.
It's a good movie. Okay. It's a great movie.
Happy now. Keep looking at the screen as if they're inside there.
It's good. The guy only could only write with the one eye.
It was like blinking to do the different letters.
Yeah.
This guy wrote a book that way.
I didn't write a book.
I'm still sitting here trying to figure out a book I could write.
This guy's writing, he's paralyzed, except for one eye and he's not going to book out.
Pamela Anderson has like four books written already.
I'm at zero.
How do you like this getting to know you?
I like it.
Do you feel like?
Very popular.
like you like these people now more or less. There's some very revealing questions.
It is hard hitting. As one of the callers would have said it's a real LB, lid blower.
I forget who said lid blower at one point. Do you remember that as being a phrase introduced by
someone? Can I play the game? I don't get the game. You want to know what? I don't get to play
the games too often. You want to know what Mike? I wish I could let you play the game but you can't.
You know, you can play. I'm gonna play five questions with you. Okay, Mike. Already
know the answer to the iPhone. Yes or no. I can even bother with that one.
What is the state that you don't understand at all? Delaware.
Delaware. Yeah. Small. Small. You just kind of pass through it. I don't think I've
ever gotten off. If you had to vote for somebody from the opposite party it would
be. Probably John McCain. Cranky. Could be good for some less. I was going to say
John Edwards. Would be my answer to that question. Okay.
Plus the right wingers hate him for some reason. Who's that John
Edwards? No, McCain. Oh, McCain, yeah, they do hate it.
The right wingers hate him. So there's got to be something
good about that. longest book you ever read. I was thinking
about that one. One of those William Volman books. No, that's
people who like a good laugh. I thought maybe that'd be up your alley with a good comedy.
I tried to read him. I can't really make much headway with that guy.
Put on Strozeck. Watch that. And then you read Rising Up, Rising Down.
He's in the same target group. I agree, but at the times I've tried to read him.
You haven't gone too far with him.
Who would it be then? What is the longest book?
I don't know. Don Quixote's pretty long.
Yeah, some of Dickens Bleak House. That's 700, 800 in there.
What is the most you ever paid for a meal?
I guess it was probably close to $100 at a steakhouse.
How did you even say Flamingo? $8?
I don't think I broke in $10 at the Flamingo.
Yeah.
keep it down so close to a hundred dollars yeah where was that Kings Kings
steakhouse okay it's good I recommend it the first band you really cared
about was well yeah I mean there's some embarrassments back then first band
all right band actually yeah I think it may have been peer pressure and I was
a kiss fan for a brief period. That was the first man you really. Yeah, I bought
their records. Yeah, I had to say it to a mid. Peer pressure. Somebody just said
longest book Mike has read the gospel according to the Sopranos or the end
of James Gandolfini's career. But that same that dolt who's been railing
against Jay from C. Oh, I saw him on there. I see a fan of John from Cincinnati. I guess
So I guess he's a super fan.
OK.
Yeah, see, it's going to be over soon, right?
I think so.
One final thing that we need to think about for this year,
we need to come up with a new slogan for the show.
Top of the best show, can't stop the best show last year.
Need a new slogan.
So I'm throwing that out there to you and to everybody else.
was thinking this the final season or what about this we got everybody we go
after everybody this year like the wire like that yeah because I heard the
final thing with the wire I'll say the season the series finale is that this
guy McNulty finds the wire right and he starts following the wire and guess
where it leads right to the White House right to the White House I guess who's
holding the other end of the wire
bush
george w bush
yeah
now they fight at the end of it
and uh... bush kills mcnulty
on the roof of the white house a lot of wire fans think that the mcnulty's not
going to make it
oh he won't he's on a self-destructive
course in the season
and i think they're correct in that assessment so far
i don't think there's been a scene where he isn't uh... drinking whiskey on the
job
but not the
i hope he makes it i hope he makes it
so if people don't want to make it
this what i hope happens
he makes it
and then this uh... guy uh... decides to keep the wire going for at
ten more years
and they just run the whole thing into the ground
i've already predicted that uh... a popular character bubbles
uh-huh who is a sort of homeless man who's been struggling with addiction for
five seasons now
uh... seems to be pulling out of it he seems to be sobering up he's got a
job i'll go die
yeah that that's my prediction that
that he has to die yeah before this season let's and force
did to really just show
yeah the true you know for the send of improving this dark vision yes i'm
exactly the sick mutant with his show wallowing in the filth exactly I like
uplifting shows medium yeah ghost whisperer is it television shows yes
they're television shows I'm not familiar with them you're not familiar
with you haven't seen medium yet no I've been catching up with flight of the
Concord's mm-hmm catching up. There's not that much not like it's
It's a very not upstairs downstairs. Have you seen that shed Tom? Yes, there's ten episodes of it
There's five hours of it. What did you think? I liked it. Yeah. Yeah, it has its moments
I think that I say I warmed up to it as it won't get to me
You know, I wish there weren't two songs per show I could do without the songs even though some of them are very funny
Yeah, but it seems like they got to get them in there and they kind of force it with the songs
I thought it got charming as it went on. There's some good moments. Yes
Like Murray Murray's good. I think they should add Murray to the wire like as the character Murray
Dave, you know, I thought you'd have got more time which ones Dave
Sort of guy with the headband. Oh, yeah, yes
Yes, Orange Barker, the actor portraying Dave.
I would think that they should add Murray into the wire as Murray and he brings a flight
of the Concords in and they kill Bubbles, what do you think about that?
That would be a nice merging of the series and I guess they're going to start a new season
so maybe, yeah, they could sort of like just work their way in and just transition.
I would love it.
Sorry wire fans.
You know what? People get so mad at... I'm teasing.
And they can't take the teasing.
I'm teasing. You think I mean? I never saw the show.
I'm going to watch it when it's all over. That's it.
People get no sense of humor about it. Just needling you.
I'm the only one out there saying that it's not anything other than perfect.
Other than Mike.
They get very defensive. I've noticed.
You need to calm down, calm down, wire friends.
Have a little bit of a laugh with your favorite show, The Wire, on the way out.
Just have a little bit of just, I'm just, I'm gently tweaking your ear lobe.
Well, you have a whole section devoted to the wire now on the website.
Yeah, I didn't, I didn't put that up.
I want to pull that down.
I, uh, my goal is though to, um,
I'm entered in 40 state lotteries right now,
Hoping to win enough money to that before the the finale of the wire airs, I want to buy HBO and it will never air the finale.
That would be my goal. If I hit eight, if I hit eight of these state lotteries and ended up with, you know, like 90 million dollars, I would buy HBO real quick and just never air, or I would refilm the finale to the wire just like the way I want it to be.
I would have, uh, like, I'd make it animated, you know, add the family guy into it, put
him in it.
Oh, oh, Mike, why don't we close this out, strong 15 on the way out, best show's back!
Okay, these people, it's gonna be good, can't mess with this show, I wonder if these calls
Or were they screened already or are these the ones that are blank? Okay?
FM you you're on the air. Thank you, Mike. Hey, hey, Tom. How you doing? Larry. What's that? Larry the perv Larry the perv
You don't it Tom. Did you screen Larry the perv Mike?
Okay
First and foremost. I'd love to you know wish you a happy new year. Oh, well. Thank you Larry the perv
I think 2008's gonna be great for Larry. Yeah. Yeah, I do too. I do real well on leap years
Yeah, let's, let's cross our fingers.
Okay.
Can we do the three questions?
Yes.
Getting to know you.
Here we go.
It's a song, right?
I can't do this.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi, Tom.
Hi, who's this?
Super caller Erica.
Super caller Erica.
Yes.
How you doing with the non-smoking?
Oh, not bad.
I, this weekend was rough and I'm eating a lot, but, but I'm doing all right.
all right just write it out
yeah i know that's the thing that's it i feel better as of like yesterday so
but saturday
terrible how many days as a day
how many days as a pen i've been like eight days it's so ridiculous how hard
this is
but you're doing it
yeah i absolutely
yup
erica are you ready to play getting to know you
yes
Where would you like to be five years from now?
Honestly, married with kids.
Do you have any bumper stickers on your car?
No.
I phone, yes or no?
No.
And a bonus question because you're a super caller.
Ooh.
What's the last time you were in a fight?
Like a physical fight?
Sure.
Never.
Never.
Erica?
Yes.
Stay strong.
You're eight days in.
I'll be good.
You're going to keep it going.
You're going to stop smoking for 2008.
You're doing it.
I am.
You take care.
All right, bye.
F.M.
You're on the air.
Hi, Tom.
Hi, who's this?
This is Bonnie.
Bonnie from Georgia.
money i want to say first of all
thank you for that nice uh... letter you sent me
that made my uh... december
really
i'm glad i'm glad it's very nice how are things going for you in two thousand eight
they're good i just wanted to say um...
i wanted to give a shout out to the gorge
if i could because i'm actually here in florida with uh...
a friend of mine who's running the who ran the disney marathon
and um...
we are created a sign for him
to encourage him on his way and it said um...
the gorg says
run or eat chain
and um...
and he
was very very encouraged by that and i just want to
say thanks to the gorg for
wow inspiration
well i if the gorg is listening
i'm sure he will appreciate that
yes he he helped my friend get through the marathon
That is fantastic.
Now Bonnie, are you ready to play?
Getting to know you?
Mmm, I think so.
Yes, I am.
If you could live anywhere on Earth, it would be...
San Francisco.
San Francisco.
What is the best present anybody ever gave you?
this present probably uh...
a little
container of brownies that they made
like the normal brownies not uh... pd style
no he made brownies for me
okay
don't ever read any brownies at pd makes
no i i don't think i would be brownies at pd would make
and
who's the person that you are completely jealous of and why
uh...
i don't know if you don't like
uh... stretching a little bit
uh... i really love keitlin flit and i might be a little jellies ever
just so often
in every way
uh... bony
happy new year bony
thanks to you too thank you and you
call whenever you like
okay
fm you you're on the air
eight on it david from d-c
david from d c
i'm doing okay happy new year to you young man on thank you sir you too
well thank you are you ready to play getting to know you
president
obama
not not a
whole area cancer
we're not here to judge the answers
i agree
what is the state that you don't understand at all
hmm
florida
florida
and
final question
you would resolve the britney spears situation by
i would let her go from her record deal
that'll that'll take some of the attention off of her i hope
i just want people to just leave britney alone
that's that's how i you're not that guy are you know
no i'm not that guy britney alone
i think we should leave britney alone and leave the leave britney guy alone
some exciting news about that guy
he was just cast i just read this over a variety
he is going to play the title role
in strokes it too
really yes
he beat out and email an artist for that
pretty impressive
david
i wish you a good night
fm you you're on the air
and i think you're in some sort of
who says
it's really my apologies if i offended you on some story let's move forward
i'm going to try to get through up for some reason
and for some reason you have the biggest champion in mike
which i will never understand
i'm going to go forward with this
but only like me tom
who's your least favorite beetle
Okay, goodbye.
Guys doing a, I can't do it.
I just can't do, what's that guy's name?
John, Paul, George, or Ringo.
That's that guy's name.
Yeah, which one was that guy's name?
You know, uh, Sang, imagine.
What's that guy's name?
Hello?
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi, Tom, it's Ben Crock for Milltown, New Jersey.
Ben, I know you.
Yes.
You're a very talented young man.
Oh, thank you very much.
A promising young writer.
I hope so.
And you are.
Are they still doing that award show thing?
Yes, they extended voting until the 20th.
And what was behind the extension of the voting?
The longer you open up the voting period,
the more people can vote.
That was pretty much it.
Well, if that's the case, they might
want to do what I'm doing with the art and video contest,
apparently
which is never ended
and i'd never win the award
do you think you're going to win
no but uh... i want to win because otherwise andrew wk is making hundreds of
phone calls for nothing
well what is that doing some push polling
well he uh... he said that if uh... people who voted for me could confirm that
they voted for me
he would be delivered personal phone call to them
things a little quiet over andrew wk's camp is that
not a whole lot of shows to keep them busy
he's working on an album with least scratch perry
yeah
least scratch parry's wondering when uh... andrew wk's gonna get back in the
room to work on this thing
he's uh... making phone calls on your behalf
as your friend i'm not gonna throw your friend under the bus
what can i say it seems like a guy seems like a nice enough sort
little intense
is intense
he's pretty intense
he gets me excited about life
would you like to play getting to know you i'd love to
i know i'm gearing up is that there's been silence with every one of these
just relax
who is the cartoon character you most relate to
the uh...
a ghost of christmas future passed from the aquatine show because
either robot and he sounds like me
that's true you do a little bit of that quality
what is the longest you've ever gone without food
i would say one day and i was uh...
for a fast for yam kippur
best and worst podcast out there
uh... the well the best one is uh... the best show on w f m u right that's right
and uh... say it what say it
uh... i don't know what
i don't know uh... it's just that your show
and uh... never not funny for me
so i'm mind's the best and that's the worst okay thank you for playing the game
fm you you're on the air
hey tom it's off to tom officer tom
happy new year but happy new year to you
now you have a relative
correct who
is a singer
and he sounds like
france and not correct
is he uh...
does he perform out and about
actually he does on occasion
and where uh... he didn't just perform this past weekend did he
uh... not that i know of okay
i'm gonna say probably not okay
because i went to see uh... i went to a lantic city
and saw a comedian named donald rickles
and he had some guy open for some uh...
some uh... sonatra uh... tribute thing
nice which which uh... looked like you looked like you singing
thought it might be you
or a relative of yours
uh... i don't do much i think in these days except uh...
with the super karaoke fun time bands on occasion
now on this occasion are you ready to play getting to know you
actually i am you know i've been around a while
i noticed people that do know me but
you've got it seems like you did that a lot of uh... out of
the area
uh... listeners yes all throughout the uh... u s now it's a global village
office
there's not just a local show anymore
that's global absolutely
officer tom
what is the rudest thing anyone ever said to you keep it clean
you as a law enforcement official this might be on the uh... far end of that
spectrum
yeah well you know you gotta learn to do not take those comments personally
sometimes it's difficult
uh...
some guy said to me
at uh...
that i don't have a forehead that i have an eight-head
that's pretty good
it was pretty good it caught me off guard
and then i beat him down
but
who should be the fourteenth member of oceans fourteen
britney spears
okay britney spears
a weird but
i'm not here judging answers
which technology
are you not willing to get behind
it's a tough one
i'm going to say uh...
Podcast podcasts
Interesting yeah, I'm not willing to get behind it officer Tom
Thank you for playing getting to know you. Thank you for having me Tom
And I'm making a new year's
Resolution to be more involved. Yes show this year. Yes. You need to come up here. You got it. Thank you
Final call the night FM you you're on the air
Hey, what's going on?
Not a whole lot. Who's this?
This is Danny from Chicago.
Danny from Chicago. How old are you?
I'm nineteen.
Nineteen. You sound like you're ten.
But that's good.
I'm not complaining.
It's good to sound young.
Well, I'm an avid smoker, so I'm glad that I still did.
You're an okay, but you're an avid smoker. Fantastic. That's great. So pretty soon you'll sound like you're forty.
Yeah, I can't wait.
Yeah, you guys got to stop with the smoking guys like you keep those commercials on TV driving me nuts watch a TV
You see throat surgery and a commercial
Scare me. I don't smoke. Don't scare me off it. You're ruining my TV watching experience
That should be aimed at you
Sorry, I should be able to watch a thing with dogs running around for that 60 seconds make you watch the horror show
That one guy I cannot swim
Because it is my favorite thing to do and now I can no longer swim
That's that should be empty that should ruin your night not mine
You ready to play?
Soft drink of choice
Mountain Dew Mountain Dew
It is disgusting. Thank you. We are going to judge this kid
Well, how much money do you have in your wallet right now?
uh six dollars six dollars okay and final question what is the most you've
ever paid for a meal well i'm a lady so i normally don't have to pay for it
you're a lady i was being so rough on you and now i feel like a heel
well i'm sorry so you're danny with an eye
yeah and i danny okay well i'm talking to you didn't spell it out
I'm sorry, I don't want to do this anymore. Goodbye
Make me feel bad
All right, that concludes another best show in WFM you here on WFM you east orange WXHD mount hope worldwide web at WFM you
dot org best show will be back next Tuesday, but
now
You have to stay tuned
Because small change is going to do three hours
hours of the most incredible radio you have ever heard.
He was bragging about how good tonight's show is going to be.
Oh my gosh.
He said this one's going into the radio and television hall of fame right to the museum.
They're going to bring this tape right over.
He's actually arranging for a courier to be waiting at 201.
He will hand off the tape and there will be someone at the radio and television museum
waiting
usually close now but they will be open just for this tape
stay tuned
coming up nickel and dime radius small change
we will be back next week
turntable one
uh... yeah sure
