checkout
,
video show ever.
Oh and very good learning
your apartment
the
governor of
them
for
I hate you. It's Peter. Hey, it's Steinberg.
Do all creepy and I'm hanging upon you.
Boeing. My name is Ollie Fairnock.
I'll say it. You'll hear it. You'll do it. I'll get it. You'll learn it.
I'll live with it and you'll die without it.
Smash or trash.
Good day.
Hey, what's up Tom? It's Justin. Hey, it's Michelle. Yeah Tom. This is Jim Riffle. How you doing? When I get to do the toilet talk now
It's a vaudeville of the new century. My name is Tom Riley. I'm calling from New Zealand
Hey, man, it's Brian.
Ted, that's Ted Paul. It's a Ted Paul show. Hey, this is Ted Lea. Whaaaaaaat?
This is Pete from the Future. Hi, Tom. It's DJ Terry Chase. Hey from Knoxville. Super Kohler. It's off the top. My name is Mike Sajak.
Get off my phone. I don't care
I'm going to go to bed now
How are you I wasn't a bad and then in the early 90s my name's Jerry page
Oh, my name is Jeffrey Ludell. It's a fat disease wilder right in the toilet talk now
The bar feel is a new century. My name is Tom Riley. I'm calling from New Zealand
Hey, man, it's bright.
That's a tent pole. It's a tent pole show.
Hey, this is Ted Lea.
Whaaat?
This is Pete from the Future.
Hi, Tom. It's DJ Terry Chase.
Hey, from Knoxville.
Supercooler.
Go up to Tom.
My name is Mike Zajak.
Get off my phone. I don't care.
Hey, this is Ippi Pan, man.
I'm going to go to bed now.
Hey, Tom. It's Gordon.
Hey, Gordon. How are you?
I was in a band in the early 1990s.
My name is Terry Page.
Oh, my name is Jeffrey Ludell. It's a fat disease wilder ragged night, isn't it?
The disenfranchised ever-all now. I'm the hero of the disenfranchised.
You and I can share the silence
Finding comfort together
The way always came
And after fights and words from violence
We make up with each other
The way my own friends do
Ties of joy and ties of sorrow
We will always see you
Oh, I don't care
What comes tomorrow
We can face it together
The way all ends
When light can change, silence
By the compound together, the way it all plays
And the effort lies and words from violence
We wake up with each other
The way your friends do
I'm so joy
And I'm so so joy
We will always be
What?
A person who is in love?
life trick.
If you playing,what can I do?
I thought I taught you.
20-Yeah.
Watch.
Watch.
I'll be right back in a few minutes.
I'll be right back in a few minutes.
I did it again, I did it again
I did it again, I did it again
I did it again
I did it again, I did it
I did it again
So
So
I'll be right back in a minute.
I'll be right back in a minute.
So
So
I don't mind the weather
I've got scarves and caps and sweaters
I have got my chance and your spots for my street days
I think that it's pointless to run, to not making changes
Do you know your windows will give a new perspective?
My part is, part is yet to come
I don't mind restrictions, or if you're working out of the friction, it's just an essay that's overrated, anyways.
My hardest part is yet to come
You will cross the country alone
And we never come across the vastness of people
The finest of waves and the greatest of the sea
Never lost or never been misguided
We did now we'd see some shining
I'll come from out of a handsome encounter
To a moment of basement
While all the water bane
Come around to find these two faces
Handsome as they're no good places
Come from out of the tunnels we've been digging
City tunneling's not living
Working with the world
Comin' fine
The love in his labor
The lady's life
And life's forever
I'll come to see you, the keeping's not given
You got what you've given, you got what you deserve
In the midst of all of the action
Maybe only they'll find sadie's vibchant
Chasing, sea foam, dreams around another dirty old town
Parallel runs, streams for the grails who probably growl
But only a dust mare beneath the glassy surface
All the songs you hear down there they have a pulse
All and all, holiday Omndrive
Again, keeping on all of them Comin' out STaN' Cin' You
Can't start staN cin' You dimension
Sorry to hear that more
I'm finna kill you, we might be part of you
But we will now be broken out
Woke up on a mountain, so I must destroy my life
Six times, <E.D.> of the buck, don't stop now, don't stop now
What keeps me down and happy when we mix the buzz of dust?
We've been caught in the waters
Can't stop now, can't stop now
I can't do it, I can't, no, I'm back
Oh
Yes, there it is.
Hey, guess what?
Guess what?
Guess what?
Guess what, Mike?
Fetch your back!
800-989-9...
No!
What am I doing?
Come on!
Pledge!
You did pledge already.
You gonna take pledges out there? Don't take any more pledges. Right to the
phones. FM you, you're on the air. Hello Tom.
Is there the Joker? No, it's Spike. It's Spike. Wow. You've shown more range in your
voice in the those 10 seconds I've ever shown a doctor change of medication I
don't do drugs okay fair enough I don't do any type of trouble you sound very
chipper tonight oh well what tonight did a project today finally got it
finished really why'd you got that ankle bracelet off and then I talked to
project okay not that project no I was using my windows movie maker and I was
making the DVD with music in the background.
Now, part of the DVD.
Really?
Mm-hmm.
So you have access to a computer?
Oh, yes, of course.
Your parole officer allows that now?
I don't have a parole officer.
Is that good behavior?
You know I don't have a parole officer.
I don't think this is Spike.
Yeah.
This guy's too upbeat.
I'm always upbeat.
I'm your girl, boy.
Really? Is that how it's going to be now?
Yes!
Oh boy.
I don't know.
I don't know if I can live with this.
How are you doing tonight, Spike?
First of all, the question everybody wants to know.
Oh, I'm doing just fine.
Well, no, that's not the question everybody wants to know.
Uh-huh.
Did you pledge to the WFMU marathon?
Yes, I did. The first day you had the pledge.
Really? You pledged to my show?
Was it the first day you won? Of the pledge?
The first day I- you pledged my- my show?
Or someone else's show?
I- I'm not sure who show was.
It was the first day of the pledge.
Oh, the first day of the marathon. You pledged on a Monday then?
Yeah.
Fine, uh, good. You- you did your part.
Kudos to you, Spike.
That's what it kind of spiked pledged in Union Pledge.
Could you imagine that? How that must feel?
Oh, that's nice. I only pledged to keep good quality on the air.
Oh, well that's sweet of you.
You know, we don't have Lynn Samuels on the station, of course.
Well, I have that too, so, you know, we don't play a lot of doo-wop.
Oh, no, I know that.
And, uh, we really don't do a whole lot with the Child's Play film series.
The doo- oh, wow. That's on your show guess, we know that.
You heard they're remaking that? The Child's Play? They're kind of trying to
reboot the franchise
well that would be lovely you know i like mindless uh... violent
you know who's doing the voice of chucky now though you'll never believe
who was that
have you over here any malanakis
the name in the bell
he's like a comedian he's like a uh... he's like a adam sandler a little bit
but not as good
uh... do you have a shown on uh... an mtv
all okay get a little chubby kid yes well he's actually a forty seven year old
man
but uh...
by he wants you to think he's a little chubby kid
he's completely talent he's a he's marginally talented if he was eleven
but he's pushing fifty
and when you realize that he's wildly
uh... talentless
uh... i've seen his show once or twice
now he has no talent he will be doing the voice of chucky
why do they do that to us they ruin all the movies right
i know
that's why i'm going to very rarely go to the movie thing more uh-huh
that why
we don't make good movies like
that anymore i know like they used to in the good old days right
yeah i mean you know you had jason with his machete
you know chopped up some horny teenagers
yet of the other guy was talking more about uh... gone with the wind
when i was talking about the good old days
Well, not literally that movie. I've never actually seen that movie.
I have trust me you're not missing much.
Really?
Oh, please.
What happens?
The Civil War.
That's all you need to know about it.
What happened? What goes with the wind?
Tara.
Who's that?
That's the name of the house, the plantation.
A house?
Yes.
What is it like, Monster House or something?
No, it was the plantation that was the Civil War.
When was that?
Is this like a World War II thing or something?
No, unfortunately, it wasn't World War II.
If it was World War II, I can deal with it.
I like World War II movies.
You like World War II?
Yeah.
What side were you on?
You know what's on? I was on allies.
Our side, of course.
Yeah, good guys, allies.
I mean, I wasn't boring yet, you know, but still.
Mm-hmm.
I mean, I'm not that old.
You're, you're how you are, uh, a mature adult, though.
Yes. Um, I'm seven years away from being old.
Yeah, you know what? You're never old. A guy like you. You're ageless.
Thank you, Tom.
I don't like this new getting along with you. Spooks me out.
Oh, why, why don't you want to get along with me?
What are you pouring?
I'm making some grape juice.
Couldn't wait, huh? Couldn't wait. Multitask?
yeah so tell me more about this call it tell me more about this video you're
making oh I'm making it for somebody who's retiring from my job my real job not
the dungeon okay yeah and like myself he's up the edge where do op was popular
mm-hmm so what is it a video of the Orioles of all the different groups vocal
you know
to do a lot of groups the mo town group the girl group
the third group uh-huh
that's the child
nah nah nah
i mean the quality stuff
all-kay
like uh...
but the orio like the beach boys like the beatles like the
temptations like the marvel at you know
the run at the shangula that can go on and on and on sure and i'm sure you
will
You know what, we love you, Spike.
Oh, okay.
You're a good guy.
Yes, I know that.
We're gonna move on.
Thanks very much for calling.
Wow, I don't like this new era.
I wanna go back to the old days.
Getting along with Spike.
FMU, you're on the air.
Oh, man.
Oh, who is this?
Is this Spike again?
No, who is this although I do I used to have a dungeon. Oh, it's Roy. Yeah
Why is that because your senator screwed up?
My what your senator Elliot splitzer
My senator, yeah, first of all he's a governor and it's not of my state. He's from New York
I don't think so.
I'm pretty sure.
No.
Yeah.
He's New York.
Not New Jersey.
It's kind of the same thing.
Punch a jerk living all together.
Uh huh.
Yeah.
Finking up the plate.
It's not the same.
It sort of is.
It's not the same.
Oh man.
Are you totally embarrassed?
I'm mortified on it for him.
You should be mortified for your home state.
It's not my home state.
No, it's sort of well. That's like me saying your home state is sort of Delaware. Don't you ever say that?
Well, how can you say that about me?
You can't proceed that again. I'm gonna smash you in the in the face
Okay, fair enough I know I'm gonna smash you in the face with
What my bat? You're bad. Guess where I got the bat where guess
Is it something that has to do with the Phillies?
Okay, where?
Yes! Come on!
Spring training?
You're losing your edge!
Spring training?
No!
Where?
The fat you don't feel it dummy.
You're still a feel it dummy after all these years.
You're right, I don't know the...
Oh, it sounds like the way you're talking, it sounds like you just got the bat.
No, I got it back when I was 10.
Uh-huh.
I mean, I stole it when I was 10.
Is it like a bat day bat?
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
I think it was going to give it to me anyhow, but I still stole it.
Why?
Why?
So you went to the game and then you got a bat for bat day.
I got into the game and then I got a bat, yeah.
Uh-huh.
But you still felt a compulsion to steal it.
Well, I snuck in too.
So, you know, you just got to keep it rolling, you know.
Well, what is it?
It's called a thievery roll.
Why?
The very role great. Yeah, my dad taught it to me. Uh-huh. Philly Man Spam.
Wow, that's uh, that's where you learned it all from Philly man. Absolutely. And I also learned something else. What's that?
You got to have a better, you know, better ID that then client number nine
You mean Elliot Spitzer does
Spitzer, yeah
Spitzer. Yeah. No, it's spitzer. It's well, okay. Like the drink. Yeah
Yeah.
Yeah.
Do you ever have a lime spritzer?
Um, no, I have not.
Have you?
No, I mean either because I don't like nothing that don't got no alcohol in it.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
So you don't even like water?
Not really, no.
So you do not drink water?
No, you know that.
Yeah, that's true.
I actually did know that you don't like water.
Yeah, no.
I like vodka because it looks like water.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
It looks like what?
What's so funny?
you said water and I'm sure someone's laughing at the way I'm saying it yeah
I'm sure they are it's a woulder it's not what you laughing at me still oh you
know what I'm polishing that bad up I'm sanding it actually you know why why
because if it's handed then it makes more of a sting and more marks on your
face oh great yeah thank you Roy yeah but how are you gonna come get me I
I thought you had an aversion.
Oh, actually, you're running for mayor of Newbridge.
Absolutely, I sure am.
So have you been spending time in Newbridge?
I sort of have, yes.
That kind of ties into what I was sort of talking about.
And what are you talking about?
I've been frequenting a nightclub up there.
A nightclub?
What nightclub?
I don't want to say.
Well, what nightclub?
Dockside dolls, why?
The Huxside Dolls, is that some strip club or something?
No, it's a gentleman's establishment, thank you.
Oh, so it basically has women in various states of undress.
But they really like me.
Who likes you, the women there?
Sheila.
Sheila.
Yeah, she works there.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, she said I'm her main love boy.
Uh-huh.
Yes.
i'm i'm assuming you come in with a lot of money absolutely and a credit card
i got a credit card the other day uh-huh where did you get a credit card
um they was given them away at the at the you know the university of
pennsylvania
they don't add they don't give credit cards away
sure they do i pretend that i was a student even though i've been doing
janitorial work there
don't judge me
so so you pretended you were a student and got a credit card did you fill it out
under your own name not really no Roy jr. help me what name did you end up
filling it out under excuse me you filled you filled it out under a
different name no my name why oh you did it under your name yeah why because I
not have you you really should not have how much have you spent on the credit
card so far eight thousand dollars and when did you get it I got it like three
days ago wow and my credit line was only two thousand uh-huh yeah so you got
your credit line extended no why how do you do that I guess you call well I you
know what you shouldn't well first of all you spent six grand over your credit
limit yeah you know you're gonna have to pay that back I don't you got chapter
You've done chapter eight. Yeah, you know, it's chapter 11. What is what do you mean going bankrupt?
Yeah, no, it's no, it's when you don't got no money to pay for that stuff. Yeah going bankrupt
bankruptcy
What's that for love sessions?
Know about that you've never paid for a love session. No
Well, where are you judging Elliot Spitzer when it's you've already spent eight grand at
a dockside dolls? Yeah. So you're judging this guy? Absolutely. Why judge you both? You can't
judge me. I judge you. Based on what? You sound like you're 700 pounds and wearing
Jim shorts. Actually, I shouldn't talk. I'm wearing Jim shorts too. I'm not 700 pounds.
I'm not wearing Jim shorts.
Are you wearing tube socks to go up to your knees?
No, I'm not.
Oh, because I am.
Okay.
Guess what color the stripes are?
Green.
Yes.
And what?
Red.
No.
White.
No, the tube is white.
Yeah.
What color?
Yellow.
No.
Mommy.
What color?
You got the green part and you got the white part.
Black.
No.
I don't know. Oh man, you are a fillet dummy.
What color?
Silver.
Okay, I didn't work.
Now the Eagles.
That's the Eagles' colors, it's green and silver.
How long have you been on Earth?
I don't study the Eagles, the secondary color in the Eagles' uniform.
Put call screener Rick on.
Well his name's Mike and he's not going to come on.
Put him on.
No, he's in the other room.
Put him on.
No.
Hey, you know the Hoover's got a new album out.
I heard.
people are talking about it on some various web forums
really people are uh... people are kind of stoke for the hooters album
absolutely yay
and have you heard it yet
i haven't yet uh... procured a copy now but i will
are you but you're pretty fired up about it
absolutely i can't wait to procure a copy of it
and it's the way you're saying procure a copy of all
makes it makes me
it just gives me the impression you're not going to pay for it
Where'd the fine pay?
You're not going to...
Okay, well, here's this. I go in the store.
Yeah.
I locate said CD.
Yeah.
I pick up said CD.
Yeah.
I look at said CD.
Yeah.
And then guess what? I do.
I have absolutely no idea.
Guest.
You create some sort of diversion?
Yes.
And what do I do?
And then you run out of the store with the CD.
There's a something I do before that.
Does it involve fire?
No, it involves me prying off that thing on that tag on the back, you know, that rings
when you go out of the store if you stole something.
Yeah.
Yes, I do that.
But then I also set fire too.
Why?
So that's how you, that's kind of, that's the diversion you make?
Yeah, don't tell nobody, though, because there are some other CDs I want to get all around town.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
So you're going to go all around Philly setting fires.
Well, it's just part of the process, you know.
Enter, pick up, look, pry, set fire, leave.
Rather than pay the $14.
$14 or only $10 you've done.
Oh, okay. Rather than...
Oh, okay. Well, that makes it so different.
Rather than pay the $10.
yeah
okay
so you're working as a janitor now these days
it's not a janitor i'm a custodial
um... and engineer
yeah
uh-huh
yeah i can't say that word so good
that's all right and i'm glad you have a a normal job now
and you're kind of maybe getting back to earning money for the
our family for it
How are you not getting paid for it?
Because it's more like community service.
Oh, you have to do it?
Yeah.
That was a sentencing?
Yeah, why?
Well, I was kind of hoping you were on the straight and narrow.
Well, I was until I got called at Phyllis.
What's that?
Phyllis, I was called at Phyllis a month ago.
I didn't want to tell you the last time I called because it was embarrassing.
And what is Philly's? It's also a gentleman's establishment. Down in Philadelphia? It's more like
an upper Roxborough. Okay. Kind of bordering on Manny Young. Uh-huh. Yeah. In my mind, that's
Philadelphia. Oh, you don't know what you're talking about. Yeah. Okay. I was pawing one of
the dancers. Uh-huh. And you got in trouble. Sheila. The same Sheila? You know, it looked
look like the same shield but it turned out it wasn't
yeah it wasn't she'll have larson
okay there's a lot of
i didn't know there were a lot of uh... uh...
go-go dancers are strippers named uh... she'll have
oh yeah well the one up there is the best one she'll have larson
one that i'm in love with and she's in love with me
she's in love with you
oh yeah she said so
yeah right before i gave her my credit card to put that final five hundred
dollars on it
$500. Yeah. Wow. We danced so close. Uh-huh. Yeah. And, and, and then after that was over
wire, if you were so in love, how are things going outside of the, uh, the club? Like do
you hang out with her outside of the club? No. Yeah. Well, you, you kind of can read
between the lines on that can't you Roy not really no you can't no you're not
aware of what's going on here no she's busy she said she's making a CD what
she's recording an album yeah I gave her money for it so you're financing her
album of course I am of course yeah I was totally hip-hop-y uh-huh yeah you
love it now I don't like that kind of music uh-huh yeah but but you love her
music you love it because she calls me our daddy are you mean like Roy daddy
yeah like peed daddy uh-huh yeah yeah well she's in for a rude awakening when
they take that credit card away from you you're in for a rude awakening when I
use that bat on your head yeah okay good I'm behind you right now you are not
I'm looking at the ground around don't turn around. Oh, I don't know. I just turned around. You're not here
Now I'm with call screener Rick
Is is Roy out there?
No, it sounds like an M. Shyamalan. They would be donut
You wanna actually yes, it does
Sounds more like something his brother would come up with. Uh-huh was his brother's name again
m m morning yeah yeah those are the the less talented shamal and shut up what
i'll shamal and all over your face great and you're growing thank you Roy yeah
turn around no turn around okay you're not here you're not here turn around i
can you're not here Roy goodbye i am i am there no i'm gonna say you go off
Officer Harris, five.
Somehow he manages to still hang up before me.
All right.
We heard.
Gotta buy voices.
Don't stop now.
And before that Ted Leo and the pharmacist's bio musicology, from their album The Tyranny
of distance, blacking out the friction before that by death cap for cutie from the photo
album, going back to now all the way to 2001, soft machine, we did it again from soft machine
one and from the obba box the way old friends do from super trooper I love you
obba box and we are back I want to thank everybody everybody everybody who pledge
to the WFMU marathon, the 2008 marathon. We missed our goal by a little bit. It was
great. Everybody here, I could not be more proud of all my listeners. Thank you so
much for all the help and support you gave during the marathon. It was
awesome. I would also like to thank all the phone volunteers who worked the
phone room for the two weeks. It was amazing. A lot of people going crazy in
the phone room. I want to thank people up here at WFMU for helping out. Brian can help
Liz Berg, Scott, Kenzo, Chad. Thank you. Mel doing the podcast. Thank you. Kick the
Bobo thank you Chris Moses Omar as always Mike associate producer Mike thank you
for everything you did Terry T thank you my two co-hosts over the two weeks
Hatch and Sue. Thank you both so much.
Don't thank Brian Michael Weaver for helping out the poster. Thank you young
man. Your design is awesome. And obviously last week I have to thank Glenn
who engineered last week an amazing job thank you Glenn and Ted Leo, Ben
Gibberd, Pat Naswalt thank you so much you guys for coming up and then making it
an awesome show. Henry Owings I want to thank all his amazing help putting the
CD together. The Pat Naswalt CD which people who pledged will be getting.
I want to thank Marsha Newmire for helping out with the mailing, the email helping mobilize
and get the word out.
Sarah over at Touch and Go, thank you.
Jason Wallinger helped get some prizes together.
thank you young man
brine stack help get the uh... conan stuff
gregory who designed the posters
thank you everybody at a special thing
records who donated prizes
people pitchfork
came up and help uh... publicized everything
obviously my friend terez who uh... was a champ in the phone room
Jouser for helping get the word out over it, uh, special thing.
Who else? Anybody else?
Do you think of anybody else, Mike?
I think I'm going to keep thinking. If I miss anybody, I will think.
Who's that?
Of course. Jason.
How can I forget?
Jason who helped helped so much everything a sweet English Prince. Thank you
Everybody, thank you so much. It was awesome
Now let's get back to what makes this show special
tonight's topic i'm going to jump right into it we're going right into it
Remember the trash compactor in Star Wars, the first one, is going to crush all of our
heroes.
Who should get thrown into that trash compactor?
201, 209, 9368.
Who's stuck in the Star Wars trash compactor?
Let's do it.
No, that's not the topic.
got a swimming pool full of molasses. Who should be on the diving board that you
jump on and bounce them into it? 201-209-9368. Who gets bounced into the diving
pool full of molasses? No, we're not doing that topic. I am tired by the way. I should
just say I am exhausted, but it's very exciting to be here this week. I'm glad
the marathon is behind us. And that all you friends of Tom helped out and rallied
and did your part and pledged. Now when those envelopes show up you have to send
the money in. Do your part. Let's close it out. Let's do this the right way.
All right here's the real topic.
You own the world's largest trampoline, a trampoline with such spring power that it will launch
anyone pushed on it from this high dive platform into outer space.
Who gets pushed onto the world's largest trampoline?
2-0-1, 2-0-9, 9-3-6-8.
Man, nobody's got anything to say about these topics.
I just saw the new Indiana Jones poster.
Let me find it.
Where is that poster?
Let's see here.
The poster for the exciting new movie, Indiana Jones.
Where are you poster?
Indiana Jones poster it is.
the anachones and the kingdom of the crystal skull
look at this poster for this
sky can't even be looks like he's falling asleep in the poster
you know what
the poster you can't you can't uh...
can't live enough for the poster a little bit
he looks like he looks droop he looks like he's sleepy
like he just ate a big pasta dinner
like a thanksgiving
thanksgiving he's watching uh... he's a watching uh...
lion's cowboys in the rec room and somebody just woke him up asking we want
some pie this is the poster for your movie wake up and the people on this
poster let's see we've got him run it looks like he's kind of running from a
bunch of natives great haven't seen that in those movies before unless it's like
the Rocky movies where they just sum up everything that happened in the
previous ones. The musical montage. So it's him running from natives. There's a
picture of the crystal skull and then the rest of these people look like
they're half asleep. Kate Blanchett. She looks like she's
dozing off in the picture. Shia Labouf. He's riding a motorcycle in it. Looks
Confused doesn't know why he's there. It's really the best poster they could put out there for this movie
You know
This Harrison Ford
It's enough enough Harrison Ford
You know I'm ready to say for Harrison Ford it's over. It's over. We don't want to see you in any more movies
That's tonight's topic. It's over. Who's over? What's over?
201, 209, 9368, the topic. It's over. I'm looking at this poster.
If this guy can't even wake up for the poster, what's a movie gonna be like?
Am I gonna be watching him lumber around? Board out of his mind?
And FMU, you're on the air.
Hi.
Tom?
Yes.
Hi.
Who is this?
My name is Ruby.
Ruby?
Yeah.
Where are you calling from Ruby?
Amherst mass.
Amherst mass.
Yeah.
And how are you calling on some elaborate toilet paper roll system?
Sky, if I'd show it for the quality of what it's like.
That's all right, Ruby. It's only a radio show.
Oh, yeah.
So, um, I'd like to send Vladimir Putin on the trampoline.
You want what?
I would like to send Vladimir Putin.
You want to put Vladimir Putin on the world's largest trampoline?
Yeah.
And send him into space.
Yeah.
And why is that?
Um, I got a feeling it's like,
combination of greed and evil hmm I don't know in person but that only begets
things how much do you have in your wallet right now Ruby 24 24 dollars
yeah you know much a new phone cost right you can get them for like ten
dollars now are you calling on Skype or something like that yeah I am well
There's a shocker.
Not off my phone.
Yeah, it's a pro show.
It's a pro show, it's not amateur hour.
FMU, you're on the air.
Got to call it up on some cheap computer line.
What's he leaning into his laptop, a little microphone?
Hello.
Hello.
It's me, Rosie.
uh...
hello how are you
hello
high
uh... i'd i may not be any better my phone might be
that all you're already are you're already head of ruby
uh... i'm my win
yes
uh... yeah i just had a follow-up on uh... on that whole jerky boys thing
yes
weeks back yes
my little brother uh... he he was a little too nervous to call in but he
had uh... he had contacted them and tried getting
autograph picture sent out with
i johnnie brennan and police-talented men in the world based on our
conversation a few weeks ago
yeah yeah and tried getting it
he'd actually tried sending it to the station
as a gift uh... uh...
and uh... and
this is like i could just read off the response keep it clean i'm sure that
this uh... toilet mike jerky boy couldn't stop that couldn't couldn't
write anything without four-letter words in it
well they know they they they kept a clean for this good what did he say
okay he says uh...
uh... he jordan funny stuff man
however for legal reasons johnny is not allowed to make off-color remarks
about any of his characters or likeness
as jerky boy's entertainment would let him go
we hope you understand this matter
they hide to tom and mike
signed hairy of jerky boys entertainment jerky boys entertainment
first of all
they should get sued just for it
putting the word entertainment next to the words jerky boys
and jerky boys entertainment
running out of an office like the spanish prisoner
where they could be up and up and out of their ninety minutes
jerky boys entertainment that's it's insane
probably him in his cell phone that's the entire jerky boys entertainment
operation and then the for the half hour he can get onto his hotmail account at
the public library
is harry the other guy
and let the characters
and it makes it like it's a legal situation
if only the suits weren't holding back
everything here i would love to have written that message that said i'm the
least talented man alive
but uh... the suits here a jerky boys entertainment don't want that to happen
jerky boys entertainment
well you know what your view in your brother uh... sound like you're having a
little party up there
where you can't know
no yep yep uh...
both from saskatoon
but i'm living out uh... out in bc now but he's okay
and you guys uh...
you were are we actually ready to drop the was a twenty five bucks
uh... he he he paid it and and had it refunded so he actually went
well
that's dedication
jerky boys jerky boy first of all
the other guy got shuttered
come all
well what must that feel like to be the less talented jerky boy
didn't mean
it'd be like oh if i only had what johnnie b has
how does he do it
like it's like moats art
and uh...
uh... like an amadeus
how does he do it
how does he do like he's watching him do some prank where he's like uh...
and then hit you in the head with a wrench
and then he's watching from across the room feeling the
the the wave of envy overtake him
he takes just a normal phone call and we've said into magic
well i i was a little worried because my brother had to give out his actual
uh... like home address and everything for the for the building
that i was worried they might they might
prank him severely yeah they're gonna they're gonna prank no that's a
that that call is out of the country they wouldn't afford that
and let's give this guy uh... takes his own medicine what called a canada
and i can it's roaming charge can't do it
he's safe
he is safe from johnnie b
the jerky boys look out
i heard jerky boys choose in production
finally they're back on the silver screen
all the questions of jerky boys one will finally get answered
this time it's personal
and by that i mean this time allen arkin wants to buy a
wants to want to buy a new yacht
so that's why he's doing it
literally
for the uh...
thank you for calling and
oh no no thank you for having you
no no no thank you
and thank your brother
opia all that's not ok
fm you you're on the air
eight times jack and bloomfield jack and bloomfield how are you tonight
i'm well
uh... how are you doing all right
good job with american hmm thank you to listen to it as well as uh...
i'm sure helpful for your patient thank you that was the only goal to put
together uh... talented uh... uh... fun uh... entertaining show with talented
people
well you get a job
cheaper so i have a candidate for um...
for my trampoline
uh... i was watching the nest
uh... for excuse me the yes network
and thought that
really crystals
finding out one day contract
there we go
in a spring training game with it
with the
Yankees and wherever they're playing Florida
i have that written down to talk about
but you sir
have started this conversation now
how annoying is that
this guy
I would say the nerve of him too because I mean I understand he's a Yankee fan, but like he's 60 years old like that
You can't get destroyed. Like what's the point? Well, no, of course they're gonna do some goofy thing where they
throw him a slow pitch or or you know, what is this the days of Eddie Gidell or something?
That the name of the the little dude who played
Yeah, something like that. Yeah, it's like a novelty. You know what I would do if I was on the other team
What's that? Chin music. I'd beam him. I would beam him right in the far head.
Right in his dumb far head. Make that helmet rattle. You got to take your
base, Billy. Step up. Yeah. Anybody step in that batter's box? That's business.
It's go time. You step in that batter's box.
It clearly doesn't feel like the Yankees, you know, I don't think so because he would probably hit him. I think he is
Think so and it's like a scrimmage or like what to deal with that. Who what do they scream?
Did you like is it Yankee versus Yankees or or I'm not even sure I think they play other teams
Yeah, something like that. Yeah, so if I was on one of these other teams I
Would I would maybe hit him right in the right in the back, you know the way when guys get hit in the back
back with a pitch. Yeah. Just that doof. Might as well might go right through
him though. Oh I can't. He's gonna be pretty soft. He's gonna be
considerably softer than you know everybody else in the field. I don't know
what would happen. He's like he's a worm into the back. Yeah guys like vanilla
ice cream laying out in the sun. Billy Crystal he's like a he's like a five foot
for a vanilla ice cream
i got searches now billy crystal yankees
here we go
i'll read the story
the new york yankees will sign actor and comedian billy crystal
to a one-day contract
with the approval of
major league baseball commissioner but ceiling
the Yankees announced a crystal will sign the contract and work out the team
it legends field on wednesday
before playing in thursday's grapefruit league game against the pittsburgh pirates
i've been waiting fifty years for this call
says crystal who turned sixty on friday
uh... so boring
who cares
i hope i hope
look i don't hope he gets hurt
but it's part of the game
what what position is he going to play
left field
Yeah.
Oh, I can't stand that guy.
The other Yankees are going to hate it.
Like they're not laughing about this?
No.
This jerk in the dugout like walking around in the uniform thing that's hilarious.
Half of them don't even know who he is.
He's just that weirdo who hangs out all the time.
The games that they have to pretend to like.
Then the other one knows he did a voice cartoon.
Not as if he was the anchor, so I'm saying.
Oh, we've got a crystal fan on the phone, huh?
Sorry.
Not really.
You're a super fan.
Admit it.
Get off my phone.
FMU, you're on the air.
I'm on the air, Tom.
Yes, you are.
I'm Julie from Cincinnati.
Hi, Julie.
How are you?
Very good.
How are you, Tom?
I'm doing okay, Julie.
Tom, um, I want to donate a million dollars to your show.
Okay.
But I don't have it, so anyway, uh, and don't hang up on me yet.
Okay, first, I want to launch door of it and maybe Jason groat into space.
How is this the real topic?
Huh?
How did this become the actual topic?
uh... i think i have something to do with you announcing it on air
yeah might have something to do with that
so tell me why would you want to send those two guys into space
uh... they seem like nice enough fellows
or if it's not nice to me he wrote something mean about me i don't remember
what it was
i only remember he's now and the number one
uh... number two i mean
number one is the person who agreed with him do fizzly
okay anyway
uh... and that's the person who nightmares i want my voice to be a part
of
but i'm but sent a sink road into space because he said
but he because i didn't read sorrows of young work
but it is
i got no time for this
what is this uh... we on a playground
Yeah, yeah, it's on the Friends of Tom board keep it on the Friends of Tom board
You know taint the show with this stuff
There's nonsense
You can't start it. You can't sort it out on a message board. You don't bring it on the show
Well, they got 180 minutes here every week. You're gonna take up five minutes of this now with this
juvenile
What's the word I'm looking for
Juvenilia. Come on. You're both better. You're all better than that. Tie up the show, those
shenanigans.
at 11 p.m. you can tune in to MTV and check out the season 2 debut of human
giant it's very exciting I can't wait I've seen a lot of the I've seen a lot of
clips of stuff a lot of the sketches I've got a sneak peek due to my friend Jason
Jay Woe, Jason Wallner, gave me the the heads up and I'm telling you it was good
stuff in store you get ready human giant tonight at 11 p.m. MTV FM you're on the
air. Hello Tom. Hi who's this? This is Neil from Maplewood. Neil from Maplewood
How are you doing tonight?
I'm OK.
I'm calling on the topic.
I actually kind of would mind setting myself into space.
OK.
It was that you mean to see the outer space yourself?
It sounds like a good trip.
I mean, I understand that the idea is maybe
for like getting rid of other people,
but it sounds good to me.
So you would jump on that trampoline, on that trampoline?
Why not? Why not?
Wow.
You know, the marathon's over.
We knew what we had to do, so now it's time to take a break.
I love it.
I love it.
Thanks, buddy.
Ooh, boy.
We're in trouble.
We are in trouble.
I'm going to have to stop with this.
I'm going to have to stop the show.
I think I might stop.
This might be it.
One hour in.
There's a flop.
This shows a straight-up flop.
FMU, you're on the air.
Tom?
Yes.
Steven North Hollywood, how are you?
This guy means business.
I love it.
We got this.
First of all, Steve.
You're listening to W.F.M.
U.E.
Starring WXHD, Mount Hope.
Worldwide on the World Wide Web
with WFMU.org.
This is the best shell in WFMU.
My name is Tom Sharpling, the host of tonight's installment.
And my voice is still a little scratchy.
Sounds great from here.
Oh, is it Stevie?
What?
You're, you're, you're, I said it before,
you're the guy who came up with their will be gumps.
I did, yes, sir.
You are the guy, you're the front runner for Rookie of the Year.
I appreciate that.
and i'm hoping to i'm hoping to keep my momentum going
this call might be this call might just widen the gap
okay
well i'll start with i've got one for the topic
let's hear it
and could i could have sworn the official topic tonight was it's over us
yes you paid attention
thank you you paid attention steve
so if i may make my suggestion
i'm teasing with that
and then you got that guy a ruby calling up from the uh... from the june
oh hamburger phone
take it easy it's not that funny
it was funny to me well i'm you know what you want to know what you just want me
over a little bit more
thank you well it's funny to me tom
and um...
that guy's calling up on the hamburger phone he started us off on the wrong on
the wrong path
a little bit i could barely even understand what he said
I'm glad you could, but I couldn't hear him. It was just like,
I didn't know what he was saying.
It was irritating, right?
A little bit.
Drove in nuts, didn't it, Steve?
I didn't hear the question. What was the question?
Steve or Stephen?
Steve, what a lot of people call me, Stephen.
No big whoop.
I'm going to know what do you want me to call you?
I'm usually Steve.
Steve, it is.
Cool.
All right, Steve.
But do you know the real topic is what?
The real topic is people calling in about the trampoline
into space
it's over
that's right
the real topic is it you know that you know what else is over
the topic of people jumping on the trampoline into space
right that's over
that's what i'm saying
that is over
and then uh... other than that uh... the oscars is over unfortunately
all the oscars
yeah it was uh...
it was all this year
yes it was very dull
with all i'm glad that if there will be blood had to lose that it lost the
old-country for old men yeah
or no country for old man after them and not old country
anyway i'm going to be made fun of for the rest of the week on that one but i
will not i will not allow it
okay well thank you to anybody makes fun of you for that you get me their
names
i'll get your name address
just know i said just their names okay i will address them uh... from this
platform
what do you think i'm going to come for them
well i'm gonna go for them
well that's your business
so you're glad to see uh... no country for old men win if if uh... there will
will be blood could not win right right if it had to be anything other than
there will be blood might as well be no country for old man yeah so it was
boring to you the Oscars it was it was a little dull this year it was a little
dull for me the highlight was probably those two kids from one thing in their
song that was really really well done yeah and it was great that that one tiny
little song beat three gigantic Disney numbers that made me smile you know
You know what my low point of that award Joe was?
Sure.
When that Lifetime Achievement Award.
Oh yeah, who did you give that?
They brought, they gave it to some 98 year old guy.
Right.
Look, God bless them.
Right.
You're still alive, more power to you old man.
Sure.
Keep going.
Amen.
But this guy was like a production designer
or something for these movies.
Right.
And they're showing that little three minute clip they make
where they kind of get you up to speed on who the guy is.
right
i've never heard of this guy in my life
and i could i could i'm sure no one out there could tell me his name without
having to search it
right
right so this guy
they're showing this thing
this is this guy went in lifetime achievement award he's like he starts
off by going uh...
he worked on uh...
he worked on uh...
north by north west he's like well when hitch
wanted uh... to uh...
to do the scene with carry grant being chased by the uh... that the
crop duster
he wanted it in the in area where there was nothing around
nothing around
and this guy's talk about like that some accomplishment
also you found a field
regret congratulations uh...
you actually found an empty s uh... flat field
where where where on earth did you come up with that
and then he keeps talking about
he's going on and and then he's like
then hitch was working on uh... the birds
and i uh... and they show him drawing some skit some sketches for the birds
like they showed some of his original sketches
well the guy drew pictures of birds
well what a great idea
so it was a wait a minute
let me get this straight
alfred hitchcock came to you
and said he wanted you to work on a movie called the birds with him
and you took it upon yourself
to come up with a brilliant idea
sketching some birds for the movie
get that guy is uh... so i was surprised so
needless to say my blood was boiling at this point
right right
then they bring this old guy out
he comes out he's so old
and i still was going to give him the benefit of the doubt
because he's some old dude
kind of like ambling out to the stage where in the uh... john o'clock are
it looked like he got uh... from uh... john void yard sale
that is not a pretty hard sell by the and he's got yes it is not and then he's
kind of making it up to the to the podium and he gets there
and then he begins the most
belabored boring speech i've ever heard
in my life
first of the first of all
you think that this uh... this old guy would learn he worries worked in
movies for a hundred fifty years
you think you would have realized
you can just get to the point
you know
hop to it short and sweet just like the movies you worked on
so then he's up there
talking and he
who does he think
he thinks the guy
who gave him a shot when he started out
now just remember
this guy is ninety eight years old
and he's thanking the guy who gave him a shot
when he was what sixteen
yeah maybe
well well well who who gave me a shot lincoln
uh...
right
right i think of more accurately should have thank the estate of the guy who
exactly
yeah
uh... what can you do
that way
that waste in my time
sitting there trying to stay awake
that's what i say to you oscars
i actually couldn't
they wake i fell asleep a lot and i told my friends are watching with me i was
just like
all right when an award gets announced wake me up right before right right
before they named the winner wake me up
next year
the oscars
i say first of all they give at all the technical awards at once right they
just read a list
three minutes
no i'm not even off there they just have a they wheel out a uh... cart of of
awards
and they go the following people have won oscars
Sound editing. Born ultimatum. Get up here. Yeah. And then people can just all get up and they get their thing and
That's it. That'll do it
Right, maybe they even what about this?
Before the thing if you're nominated for an award
Right, right. You're forced to digitally get a UPC code attached to your forehead and
That that UPC code will print out
who you want to thank and it will be projected onto a giant screen above you
as you walk off the stage holding your Oscar that could be pretty cool and then
that way you don't run the risk of missing anybody exactly and you don't
have to you don't have to go through the embarrassment of getting played off
stage exactly you know and it saved everybody a lot of time they can get back
the fun stuff. Exactly. I agree. You did it against Steven. Rookie of the year, front
runner. I'm only a nominee right now. It's yours to lose. I want to keep my momentum
going. It's yours to lose. You have a good night. Thank you.
You guys got to dial it down a little bit though. He thinks he's charming me. A little
bit of a suck up. I could dial that back two notches. Look at it got like Eddie. Eddie's
not on the thing saying, you're great, you're great. Eddie just comes on and does this thing.
Very polite about it. This guy's Steven. He's got a little Eddie Haskell in him. You want
to know what? My prediction? He's not going to be rookie of the year. I can see it. He's
not going to go the distance. That guy is going to implode. I'm sorry. I just do not
see him. He's got nine months to go. He cannot maintain that for another nine months. He
will end up threatening me at some point. FMU, you're on the air. Hi Tom. Hi, who's
this? This is Supercaller Erica. Supercaller Erica from Baltimore. Yes, from Baltimore.
How are you tonight?
I'm good.
How are you?
I'm doing okay.
I know something that's over.
What's that?
The wire.
That's right.
The wire is over.
Mike, did you watch the finale, Mike?
Can you come in here for a moment?
Mike watched the finale.
Mike started, I would say Thanksgiving 2007, Mike had seen zero episodes of the wire.
Then he went to town.
Oh, I watched all five seasons in the last three months.
Really?
Yes.
Yep.
And let's get some opinions here.
I thought it was great.
I mean, I liked the whole series.
I did not like season five.
You didn't like the final season?
I didn't like the final season.
It was very, I had some gimmicks in there that I just, I didn't like and it didn't
have the same heart that the rest of the seasons did.
Mike, your thoughts?
um it's a good I thought it was a good cop show good cop show yeah like Barney Miller
uh Hill Street Blues better rookies rookies the rookies are streets of San Francisco
Adam 12 Adam 12 dragnet so it's like Adam 12 with cursing a little bit yeah oh so you
didn't like it. I thought it was a good show. Good show. Rank the HBO shows, Mike.
Okay. Actually, I watched some of Rome recently. And I give that to not over the
wire now. Oh, absolutely. Okay. Can you pull the mic a little closer, Mike? Okay.
There you go. So you like, so your favorite show that was Deadwood? Yeah, I like
deadwood a lot then the sopranos the sopranos then Rome Rome yeah okay then
I haven't seen the second season but the first season was pretty good then that
cat house show what is that about Tom that's that show that takes place with
that guy Dennis that's slime ball with his with his den of a neck in equity
They have tea parties on that show right it's where they try to make it seem like it's like it's a good old
Family fun time in that house
They don't show the people crying all the time now you see some pretty sad stories on there
Yeah, the mother and her son
Yeah, I don't want to know anything. Yeah, so you got then what come then then you have the wire
Yeah, number four. Then where's John from Cincinnati? That's above or below. That's
the bottom. Oh, I haven't seen Arles. Hmm. Haven't seen in treatment. Are you watching
that? That's horrible. I have not seen in treatment. I saw a little bit of that. Oh, thumbs down
on in treatment. I love it. And that other one would. It's already. Don't tell me you
love me or whatever. Yeah, that was terrible. Man. So you in your in your opinion, Mike
and uh... erica
his hb o has hb o lost it
they don't have anything planned i mean i've got that
like a couple miniseries i think that nothing really
all of the john adam's thing
might be yeah
and get a little david simon's back with a uh...
uh... like a seven c uh... seven-episode thing on iraq
he's the guy who did uh... the wire
Yeah, mm-hmm. I won't be cynical at all. Yeah, I can't watch that
Can't watch it. No
Six feet under I never watched that
I saw some of it. It was okay. No, it's not my thing. No, I didn't stay with it. Mm-hmm. Mike likes action
Yeah
How many mics are 10,000 BC this weekend? How did you like that? So I said he saw twice actually I saw the commercial like
I couldn't believe it.
I think it looks cool.
Well, that looks so stupid.
Could you imagine actually sitting there and seeing that?
No.
Two for 10,000 B.C., please.
Let's see.
Number one movie this week.
Yeah.
10,000 B.C.
What do we know?
Yeah.
Well, you know what we do know?
That it costs about 200 million to make and they've got a ways to go.
That thing costs a lot of money?
Yeah.
Looks like a video game.
exactly run from the fake dinosaur the saber tooth tigers so Mike final
rating for season five of the of the wire yeah I would I would agree with most
people that it was probably the worst the worst of the five seasons yeah the
newspaper story line was kind of weak and you know what the wire did you know
made some people like it instead of telling a story in one episode like
most cop shows do they tell it over ten episodes yeah so you know if you if
you like stories at a leisurely pace the wire might be your thing mm-hmm you
kind of like spreading out they spread out an investigation mm-hmm you know
we're a law and order you know they like to wrap it up mm-hmm CSI you know you
would just want to get to it yeah I wonder they want to show what's his
name walking off into the sunset you got places to David Caruso
uh-huh does he look orange when you are set show I don't watch that show I think
they use it like weird filters his face looks orange every time I go past that
show like an oompa loompa yeah it's like a different color everybody's skin tone
is weird on that show Erica thoughts oh I don't watch that I only watch us
It's the only other cop show that I've ever watched.
My favorite show now is the 48 Hours.
48 Hours?
What do you mean the on CBS?
No, it's on A&E.
What is that?
It's a reality show where they actually go out with homicide detectives.
Really?
Yeah, and you get two murders per show.
The only downside of that show is they keep reminding you, recapping, in the middle of
the show.
I guess they think people are getting up and walking away and they need to recap every
15 minutes.
But that's a really good show.
All right.
You know what show I like?
The Dog Whisperer.
You ever see that show?
No, I haven't seen it.
I've seen that.
You want to know what the thing with Dog Whisperer is?
Every episode?
Walk your dog.
That's it.
You're not walking your dog enough.
Don't go nuts because he's stuck in the house all day. Yeah, my dog's acting up
He's you're not walking him enough. That's it
Guys that know the guys the guys nothing. No genius your dog's out of control. You're not walking him enough
It's not a British lady. No, it's that dude
What's his name? Caesar? Yes, he's there the British lady is the nanny. That's for your kids. Yes, super nanny
Yes, that's your car. The vet shows awful. That's like migraine. Yeah, Caesar helps with
your dog. Super nanny helps with your kids. Thank you, Erica. Bye.
Closing thoughts. The wire was a good show. Not the greatest show. Report card rating
of the five seasons is
b plus
you know that that's hurting people right now
you know that people getting mad i think i've made an enemy of jouster
he's uh...
taken offense that my
wire criticisms it's not happy he's not happy
i love it
you know i love
you don't do it just to stir the pot
now you're not just a contrarian
you just being honest
i think so
given your opinion
I do have to admit that my prediction did not come true.
That Bubbles would die tragically.
Bubbles actually got a happy ending.
He got to eat dinner with his family.
Bubbles.
Bubbles, yeah.
The struggling drug addict.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
When are you going to watch the first two seasons time?
Next year?
Probably like, my plan is probably to start
watching late this year and to come on the radio
and arrogantly talk about how much I like it.
as if i just discovered it and i get it more than you people okay
like i feel like i just discovered uh...
but i'll talk about how you guys didn't really understand it
uh... okay
i'm looking forward to the other people talk about lead Zeppelin who came to
lead Zeppelin late
like yeah i missed it
you know like when it was popular
but the people you know the hundred million people who like lead Zeppelin
back then were stupid
they don't get what really makes lead Zeppelin awesome like i do now
just understanding it in nineteen ninety nine
like now you're wrong they kind of
got exactly
what was good about led Zeppelin
you're just trying to uh...
act like you're
like you were smarter than
for not being into it and now you're smarter for getting into it for the
right reasons
mike versus jouster
look out
thank you mike you're welcome thanks again for all your help
fm you you're on the air
Hey, Tom, how's it going?
It's going all right.
Who's this?
This is Paul from Staten Island.
Paul from Staten Island.
Yes, indeed.
Where might you be calling from tonight, Paul?
I'm calling from my apartment to your background at O'Britsch.
Not on Highland Boulevard.
No, you're not on Lemintry?
No, I'm not near the Lemintry now.
No?
What's your favorite restaurant on all of Staten Island?
Oh, that's a tough one.
If you had one place you could eat, if I handed you $75.
dollars and said go eat where would you go
i think uh...
by you cafe
street
pretty tasty
the by you cafe what are you getting there
uh... they have a really good like it's a
pecan encrusted like catfish or something like that very tasty
it's good what it would would you want me to say
like nine hundred Italian restaurants
well you know i i got uh... you know that that's the thing it's a little too
commonplace
but that's the thing you can get good Italian food
like a lot of places by you cafe
i call shenanigans
uh... alright fair enough
where would you get your haircut the lemon tree
uh...
i uh...
when i get my haircut last time actually can't remember
the name of what it was a uh...
along sort of place
and a friend recommended uh... a woman who cut hair there and you she did a
good job
though but it was not the lemon tree i'm afraid
where would a poll by an ice cream cone
uh... would it be to do those rights to do those noodle
but
school in utel
yeah
go to toys are also for uh...
on pause a see if it got any a new action figures
i think that's what was closed down actually tom
to tell you that i'm sure it is
that mall was on a crash course
yet that that mall is not uh...
doing that that movie theater still going out on how all that movie theater
that they show like
that like five theaters or something like that
and uh... they don't ever seem to get the real like
blockbusters they seem
but they can get one block buster and then for movies
no one wants to see
the nanny mcfee plan
now showing nanny mccvie
uh... one-missed all
right one-missed all just started there
what what was that
one-missed all
all one-missed all yeah
jeez i've completely forgot that
that movie existed
now showing scoop
woody woody allen it's called the chowanson
but that that's a little highbrow for the highland plaza and now in theater of
the dammed
it really is the theater of the dammed that's like a theater i would
definitely not be surprised if i went to the theater and got attacked by like
uh...
some sort of some sort of uh...
undead
you know i i have a
semi uh...
funny story about a theater a few years ago a friend of mine uh...
persuaded me to go see
jason versus freddie i can't wait to hear the semi-funny story
thank you for qualifying at two
i don't want to get your expectations too high
but uh... the thing i remember most is going to be the horror movie in the
middle of the day
and that there were just
tons of children in the theater
and literally
baby like i remember in the aisle where we were sitting there was a stroller
like this park outside the aisle
Someone brought their baby. It's ready versus Jason. Yeah, this one will be all right
It doesn't know anything he's three
What's the difference is it gonna make?
Horrible horrible
It was horrible and the movie wasn't so fantastic either as you might imagine what
So what do we owe the pleasure of this call tonight Paul?
Oh, well, I called because I wanted to you know nobody seemed to know the topic for a while
But then you got you know to solid on it's over. It's over that's the topic. It's over
So I got to say it's over for a Frank Miller the comic book writer. And why is that?
Have you read any of his stuff lately?
Give me an example. I have not all star Batman and Robin the boy wonder
Not so good awful
Absolutely terrible
i don't think i like that guy at all actually
now that i think you know
frankly i i i i'm sort of uh...
it's like his most his most recent work is so bad it's making me go back and
look at his old working on
maybe this isn't so good
actually maybe this isn't as good as i thought it was on
first reading maybe it's actually all bad
i'm sorry i just looked on the chat
the friends of tom chat over friends of tom dot com
and someone uh... spoonie
just said that he was at the union square theater on fourteenth street
and a rat crawled up on to the armrest
that would be amazing
uh... rat in a theater
but literally a rat
like it's that bad
wait there's a rat in the theater
and not even that i saw him scurry in front of the screen
he's actually he's actually on me
right what is it like uh... willard
that's a bold rat
what's that mike
yeah or a a hungry rat
iraq addicted to junk food
like movie snacks
probably goes right to the rat's head
to lose his mind
just easy to be the rat's living off uh... milk duds
not normal rat food
i don't i think anything's normal rat food though really
yes if if right at who we taught us anything
it's that right that the average rat
will eat anything
right
but not remi
not remi no
remi don't eat jonk
remi don't eat junk
advanced palace
i was that was maybe one of my favorite movies last year
i guess that's top three top three of the year
I you've said it before and it's worth saying again. Yes
Have a good night young man. Oh, you two sir
FM you you're on the air. Hi, Tom. Hi. Who's this? This is Blake Blake
Where are you coming from Blake? Chicago Chicago what part of Chicago south side south side?
You know you're gonna have some pizza tonight with the cucumbers on it or and what do you put on that sweet pickles?
Yeah, the green relish, that's hot dogs.
That's hot dogs.
Yeah.
No, I don't like Chicago pizza, actually.
It was too thick.
Too much cheese.
Fair enough.
Young man, do you have anything to add to tonight's topic?
I'm actually going to talk off topic tonight.
Ooh, okay.
Well, I have to say that if you are going to talk off topic, you know the risk you run,
Do you not?
I'll make it real quick.
The buzzer, the clock, you have 30 seconds to go off topic.
I need to write a wrong from last week.
Okay.
What is that?
I called in and pledged, but I said the pledge was just for myself.
It's not the pledge.
It's about a pledge.
It was actually a pledge from a girlfriend and I.
So you and your girlfriend, you made a pledge that was shared between you and your girlfriend
and your pledge only was read to, as if you had made it.
exactly and unfortunately she can't listen to the show on Tuesday night
and when i
called her to tell her that i made the pledge she
was fairly disappointed in me
well what is it what is your uh... girlfriend's name
hannah
well i right now would like to thank hannah and what was your name again
lake and i want to thank hannah and lake
for their for their very generous pledge
thank you come without help things
that will help things actually yeah you have a dog house now
you have the dog house now
uh... i hope so i was publicly shamed that night
for
not mention her name so as well you should be
and i think
well
that was it
hubris got the better of you
big man yeah
i was nervous actually the first time i ever called in that's all right you
know what
i'm sure hannah will uh... will will be able to move beyond this
i'm sure to
thanks blake
fm you you're on the air
hello
they did the john john john kong all the way from uh... from california
how are you tonight john pretty good
i've got it's over
let's hear it
it involves a story is that okay i'll make it really fast sure is it's
semi-funny
uh... yeah i didn't well kind of involves the madonna in
i can't wait to hear it
the madonna in being the uh... the hotel in uh...
how do you say the name of that town
uh... sand we've got this boat yes
yeah so my girlfriend and i were where every room is different has a
different theme
i didn't stay there but i was in the area
i went up there with my girlfriend and we were going to stay at a hotel
okay
obviously and then um... we were looking around hotels and we were like you know
This was the romantic weekend, so I'm thinking like, okay, well now we'll step it up, pay like $100 or $90 for like a hotel room.
Really? You're going to go a whole $90, huh?
Yeah, a whole $90.
Really trying to make an impression.
That's the sad part.
$90.
So we go...
Well, just by a tent.
You have an extra $30 left over.
Well, yeah, that's okay.
So we're going to one of these hotels.
Yeah.
the lady is like this is like in that area or right south of it it's like
pithmo beach or whatever so hotel with an H it's uh or hotel with an M I guess an
H all right well yeah H with the H is where we started and then the lady was
like oh young people like you you want to go you know there's a much cheaper
places like a motel fix up the road
so we were we actually had the women who ran this like night's hotel like
kind of encouraging us to like
the place you should be promoted the place you stay where people hiding
uh... suitcases full of money in the uh... heating ducts will come this is
exactly what i'm talking about their guy walking around with the cow killer
from room to room in his socks
what's that
yeah
yes go ahead
So we did, we went up to a motel six, which was really cheap, and when we went in the
room, we went in and we got settled, then we went out to get a drink to Madonna Inn,
and while we were in the room there was this scariest truck, this truck that just gave
me like shivers parked next to my car, and it had like the back window, had no glass
in it, and there was like glass in the back of this truck, and it just gave me a bad feeling,
And I told my girlfriend I was like this truck it'd be a bad feeling now
Were you able to pull your car up to the front door of your hotel room?
But close yeah, we're other would other patrons be able to do that well. Yes, that's a motel. Why do you think they're called motels?
Yeah
Okay
Yeah, so how many towels were in the bathroom one
one big one one small one yeah yeah something like that stand-up shower the
motel yeah hotel the motel we've left a hotel with a motel yeah yeah so we
went to the Madonna in which is first of all why are you listening to some
woman behind the counter of a place you young people want to go somewhere
cheaper now we're here we want to go here yeah I know Tom I don't know I think
california may be a little soft and open to too many suggestions i got to
say you're the soft one you're the one who took the suggestion
that's what i'm saying it made me i was made you soft i don't like this i don't
like this john junk
the guy i knew uh... new back here in new jersey used to be a uh...
uh... maverick
the free-thinking
pull the trigger on things right or wrong you didn't take a word of uh...
some uh... old-timer behind the counter of at a motel
Yeah, I know, I gotta get back.
I gotta get my game back.
You lost your edge.
Well, this is the whole point of my, it's over.
I turned a corner, got back from getting a drink.
There's a SWAT team surrounding the truck
and they're aiming guns at the hotel.
And then we had to stay in another hotel
because someone was trying to commit suicide
in this motel with a gun or something.
There was a SWAT team trying to keep them
from shooting his gun.
You couldn't get your money back?
We had to go to another motel,
another motel six that was about three miles away,
rent that room and then go back the next day
and get our money back.
Because we couldn't enter our room
because there was a SWAT team surrounding it.
So why did you have to go to another motel six
if you just got your money back
from that one in the morning?
Because they didn't, they wanted us to stay
in another room in that motel
and we were like no we're going to another
moto
i don't like this i i see i see well we thinking here
you should have gone to the madonna and
well anyway what i'm trying to say is
cheapest
hotel that will go over over
right you could have stayed in the field here's a room that steamed as if
it's the boiler room
well yeah that's what we didn't do we went to a different place let's say
at this fun room it seems like it's uh... it's the uh... hotel supply closet
theme
it's actually the hotel supply closet
they were doing that to somebody else the next morning when i went to get my
money back they worked
some other guy was like well you had a movement from room to room and blah blah
blah they were like we can only give you twenty dollars off
it was a bad scene you know to do with that
sounds like it's time for somebody to write a letter
corporate headquarters
is what i say you do
right a letter to corporate headquarters
you talk about how your way how your romantic uh... trip with your uh...
lady friend was ruined
and we'll see what results you get
all right
okay you got it up to do it
fm you you're on the air
hi who's this
this is brian and columbus ohio brian and columbus ohio how are you tonight
very well
i was uh...
going to call on the topic, but it actually kind of got talked about. Okay, I was going
to talk about it. I was going to say HBO, it's over. Okay, you think it's over, huh?
Yeah, it just seems like all their good shows seem to be ending and being replaced with
not so good shows. Yeah, it doesn't seem so good. Yeah, but you guys already talked
about that
all right
reiterate there
how do you where do you read uh... uh... the wire
report i'm a wire fan i'd
would say it's probably my favorite
of the h.p.o. shows ever
uh... of the ones i've seen i guess
fair enough
anything else
uh... well uh... i did
i don't want to think
put this in on a different on the same
uh... it's over different topics yes yes
the ohio hatred
i just gotta say from who
well
it comes from all over the place maybe i'm just sensitive because i live in
ohio but it came up again with the uh... the ohio
primaries couple weeks ago
with
uh... hillary winning and i was hearing more of the old thanks again oh hi oh
you
you mess this up last time and you're doing it again this time but
it's not just oh hi oh come on
we're not we're not the blame for that
not like we're the only state voting for
bad candidates
two thousand four election though
yeah i mean
okay
but it you know i didn't do that alone
ohio could have changed it
so could a lot of other
but you know we were the last
i get it i mean i you know i understand it's still in the dog house
i can't help it
in your part go door to door
tell people we got to get out of the dog house
once you get a truck with the megaphone on it
drive around like a refurbished ice cream truck
like the blues brothers yeah driver on saying
something like
attention ohio voters we need to get out of the dog house
do the right thing this november
i don't think that would help
you know i like ohio
now there's a lot of good bands from here good bands
good people
good people
what's what's a fun what's a fun uh...
day trip in ohio
Cleveland's a fun place. I mean, you know, it gets, you see the worst part of it whenever it's depicted in movies.
Go check out the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. No. Right? Not so much.
Go stare at Steve Vise, Swiss cheese guitar. No? I've never been to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and I don't plan on having that happen.
Oh, I think I think it's time for somebody to stop being such a snob.
Yeah.
Me? You know what I do?
Statue of Liberty once a month.
Top of the Empire State Building.
That's once every other month.
Okay.
That way I don't lose touch with these awesome local, local monuments.
Right.
Every month Statue of Liberty.
Mike's coming on my next trip. I'm going to do a picnic lunch.
Hi.
FM, are you on the air?
It's Tom.
Yes.
Hi, this is John from Charleston.
Are you hiding from someone?
For me?
Well, I am in my bedroom all alone right now.
All right.
Drink it beer.
No, but besides that,
It's over, man. It's over for Jack Nicholson.
It's over for Jack Nicholson. Why is that?
He just doesn't have it anymore, man.
He's done.
Meaning he keeps doing the same thing in each movie?
Yeah, he's just, you know,
yeah, he's the same character in everything, man.
And he's just, it's painful to watch.
You're done with it.
I'm done with Jack Nicholson.
Nicholson you went to see the bucket list you're not very unhappy I
Didn't even bother
No, no bucket list for me top of the top of his bucket list should read
Do some shopping for a coffin?
Oh, I don't like that attitude
What is it? What are you wishing death on the guy just because not doing good movies anymore?
ghoulish. Mike just hit it on the head. Ghoulish. I don't like it. That's even more than ghoulish.
That was ghoul ask. Yeah, Tom, you start shopping for a coffin. It's the top of your bucket list.
Yeah, I'm just sitting here in my bedroom, drinking a beer. Use over Jack Nicholson. It's over for this guy.
I mean keeps doing the same thing over and over again
Yeah, it goes at the top of his bucket list and start shopping for a coffin
How dare you?
Yeah, you're right guys not entertaining get out a go. Yeah guys not entertaining. Let's go die
That's sick
Sitting all alone in your bed first of all guys sitting in his bedroom right there read between the lines
you know where he's living. He ain't living alone. He's got me Madre and me Padre
living down the hall. Because you don't talk about it like it's your bedroom.
Unless he's 17, then he's drinking beer illegally. I should send a cop over, get
arrested
how many movie jack nichols and movies is that guy seeing anyway
you know who has lost it though anthony hopkins i'm sorry sir anthony hopkins
look at his right look at his a filmography
hasn't done anything in uh... ten years
maybe not since uh... silence of the lambs even
i think literally this guy has done nothing since i went to the lambs but
has everybody duped somehow
that he's amazing
and his voice now
we're watching at work the other day that movie uh... bad company
i don't know why
was with chris rock and anthony hopkins
directed by the master jul shoe marker
and his voice was uh...
he's like uh...
you're gonna have to pretend to be a brother
It's not even a British voice anymore.
It's like a weird voice, it sounds like an American guy
who lived in England for a while
and kind of picked up an accent.
Anthony Hopkins?
Yeah, Anthony Hopkins.
You're the top of your bucket list
started shopping for a coffin.
Goes on the top of your bucket list.
It's Jack Nicholson.
You've lost it.
I'm just gonna do the rest of the show in that voice.
FMU you're on the air hi Tom yeah who's this this is Abraham yeah what do you
want Abraham I just wanted to talk about the topic yeah you sound stupid oh I'm
just sitting here in my bedroom drinking a beer you want to talk yeah
whatever okay sounds like you should just go shop for a coffin FMU you're on
the air. Hey Dump. Hey who's this? Hey it's Eric from Brooklyn. You sound like an idiot.
Thank you. What are you doing tonight? I'm just hanging out listening to your show.
Yeah you know what I'm doing. I don't know. I'm just sitting here in my bedroom drinking
beer. You sound like a like if Philip Seymour Hoffman was playing the Silent
the lambs guy. What can I do for you? I got one for the topic. Let's hear it. It's
not big news. It was announced today, but the ruddles era. They're doing another reunion
show or another reunion thing. I think that's over. Yeah, I don't know what that is. The
Yeah, you know what, it's time for our cuddle to go shop for a coffin. If I'm you, you're on the air.
Hey, Tom. Hey, who's this? It's Dan from Jersey City.
Dan, what can I do for you?
I just wanted to apologize for calling you a jerk last week. I didn't mean it.
Yeah, you sound like a jerk. Why don't you go shop for a coffin?
I
Could literally do the rest of the show like that, but I won't and the back track
Yes, the ruddles should not be getting back together
That would be that is that sounds like some weird contractual obligation
Like they lose the rights to it or something if they don't play every ten years
Nobody loves the ruddles more than me
If you got to do it contractually
God bless you you do it
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, Tom, it's Eddie.
Hey, Eddie, rookie of the air.
How you doing?
What's up?
How are you?
Oh, all right.
For the topic, it's over for me for David Cosby.
Now?
Well, the thing is, I mean, it's been over a long time, but any, like, documentary
And he showed that you see about the 60s. They always trot him out as like
Someone with insight and wisdom, you know, uh-huh
He's spent like he what is he in the 60s? Yeah, probably spent like 40 years of that in a drug stupor
Yes, listen to him for you know insight. Uh-huh the way things really were
Yeah, got talking all about peace and love meanwhile. It's one of the most violent creeps ever
Yeah, yeah, you got it turned his wife into a junkie, you know got walking around the handgun
getting pulled over
but he's like this you know
the sage you know
eddie
you did it again
that's why you're working the year that guy steve
first of all
eddie class act called up hello how are you mister
that wasn't all uh...
any Haskell on me
got a little dignity
here that steve
dignity
thank you eddie
thank you come
fm you you're on the air
uh... it's a matter of the gun
it's going right who's this
uh... the program
uh... it would have no hey how are you
i'm very well how are you
doing okay
i have to say uh... the marathon was wonderful
It just brought me so much joy, I loved it.
It was a lot of fun.
It was a lot of fun, it was really great.
And I also want to thank you for at the beginning of the show
playing that guy by Boyz's song, it's one of my favorite songs.
Oh, I'm glad, it's one of my favorite songs also.
And it's what we're going to do, we're not stopping.
Best show's not stopping.
No, we're not going to stop now.
Wait, what do you mean we?
What's this we business?
Sorry, the best show's not going to stop now.
thank you
you call three times in one of them was uh...
you call three times so far one of them was an unmitigated disaster
where you admitted that you don't wash your towels
now that
with me
now you're the richard kind guy
and the richard kind guy right guy got talked out of his uh... is love
by an embittered uh... character actor
uh... yeah
is more complicated than that but i didn't get that impression on the call
you know what you're right the way you can say we did you pledge
i've watched
and you say we didn't you say we
say it again
okay we're not going to stop now i really don't like the way that sounds
okay well
and so sorry
you want not you can say we
okay
well um i got some for the topic
let's hear it
Just a little casting. You know, you know, what about this? What thing?
Your cast with pictures of cats with words. Oh, yeah, I got no problem with that, but you know what?
That might be over in two weeks
Why it's because it's got Richard kind told you it was over that why
Oh no no, can we got political?
Okay.
Now there is this, is this site, uh...
Well, I'm hearing Mike out there arguing.
I love it.
That's how he earns his paycheck.
He's not letting some guy through, but he coaches them.
He coaches these guys.
I wish there was a Mike out there to hear him.
Is that pretty extreme?
Mike sounds furious.
He's like, what's the talk?
You think about something to talk about?
Wow.
Who was that?
Julie ease up ease up on the gas pedal you had your moment you took the pettiness on the air
We'll do you sort it out on the on the board
That's not what we bring on the radio now go ahead Abraham. I'm sorry the low cats got political which turned you off
yeah, there's this some website where the
there
with people and and this is a lower reflection of
any
candidate or endorsement or whatever but they say you're not endorsing a
candidate yet you know let's be clear with that
it's right about
not be political
but i'm saying is
with the fact where it's all these
pick people sent in pictures of their cat
misspelled words and sentences about how they support paraca obama
i think we've been involved in that
looks stupid
mixed rock obama and whole campaign
mmm-hmm like
you know weirdo support him
it makes the cats look silly
and people are putting those up like think about the cats people
think about the cats
and
look at you know
it went to turn to the political tool
back to some fun little thing these cats who knows who these cats are going to
vote for
we got no right to do that i'm with you on this
I got I got I got a question for you really quick. Let me just ask you a question. It's just between us
Just me and you know, what's that? Did you see the movie be kind rewind? I have not seen it yet. Oh?
Gotta see it. It's really good. Is it really good? Jersey movie, too. I heard it takes place in Pisaic
That's right. I mean, yeah, the real community movie. It's great. Do you know that got me show Gondry the guy directed it?
I don't like it
I love it
No, no Abraham yeah between us. Yes, can you and me who are you gonna vote for?
You want me to stay on the air? Yeah, why not? Oh, I already did. I already voted. I'm from Illinois
So you voted for Obama when you're mad about all this
uh... lol cats maybe uh... making it look like his campaign is a goofy
yet basically yeah
i mean but that's not i mean even if i was working for colton night
i guess mccain i don't know i do you realize that it's uh... a brogo bomb is
not sitting there on his computer at night designing these things
i'm pretty sure it's not that way
he's not like we need more of these lol cats things this will get our message
out
this will break up this will be the this will help us uh...
distance ourselves from Hillary Clinton.
That's a memo that's what people are in campaign doing.
We need more than cats.
That's why I'm mad about it.
That's why I'm mad about it.
What's people doing?
Are people being goofy?
Yeah.
I think Richard Kine told you to think this.
I don't like it.
When are you going to get under from that, out of that guy's thumb?
Get off my phone.
W. F. M. U. E. Starring W. X. H. D. Mount Hope Worldwide on the World Wide Web at W. F. M. U.
dot O. R. G. F. M. U. You're on the air. Hi. Hi. Who's this? Jess. Jess. Jess. Where are
you calling from? New Jersey. New Jersey. For Randolph, New Jersey. What's going on in
Randolph tonight? Nothing much. I'm just doing homework. It's boring, right? Yeah, very boring.
high school or college college
sophomore
uh... no like
um... twenty-six and just like going back to the bank going first
going back what what's your degree gonna be in
um... fine art
i don't know if i'm going to stick with that
all right
so i just want to come to have anyone called to say that governor sisters
over
I'm trying to make the show apolitical tonight.
Oh, oh.
I feel in this moment of intense crisis for Governor Spitzer, I want to give him and his
family the respect that they deserved during this troubling incident.
Where?
Yes, and this is a family program.
Yeah, yeah.
So I'm trying not to drag them into it.
Yeah.
You know, out of respect for his family.
Yeah, yeah.
I'm trying not to lampoon him and his family and I think he's actually
Think he can tough this out
Yeah, yes, I think the fact that just because it came out today that he has
He has seen profit. He has used that service for six years. I don't think that will haunt him at all
I think he can get beyond this
I think it's he if he stays on message. Yeah, he can he can beat this
Exactly. Unless it comes out that he is using other escort companies.
Oh, just the one isn't bad.
Yes.
But if it's others.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And interesting fact?
Yeah.
One of the listeners to this show is client 10.
Yeah.
Yeah, I've been asked not to say his name on the air though
10 client number 10 right after Elliot Spitzer client number 10. Yeah right on the list client number 10. Oh
Interesting, huh? Yeah
Does that homework going it's great. You write a report. Oh, no, no a mask a mask
No, no, it's math. It's math homework. Yeah
Yeah.
Math.
Yeah.
For a fine arts degree?
Yeah, I know, right?
What are you trying to figure out how much it costs to get in the museum?
No.
To look at art, right?
Yeah, yeah.
Well, sometimes it's usually free.
Yes.
I went to a museum a couple of weeks ago, the Philadelphia Museum of Art.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
They're having a good exhibit right now.
Yes.
The Rocky statue was very impressive.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Is there art inside of that place also?
what I went to the museum I saw the rocky statue is there stuff inside there also
there is like more rocky statues I'm not sure if there's more rocky
statues or is it like other stuff from the movies like his trunks and what not
I don't even know actually what's the good exhibit you're talking about oh the
Frito one.
Fritos?
Frida.
Frida Cola.
So that's like the snack bar?
No.
It's an artist.
Because a lot of museums don't let you eat snacks while you look at the thing.
So if I go this Philadelphia Museum of Art, what you're saying, I can go through and
maybe look at the sled that Rocky pulled and Rocky for while eating, which is very impressive.
Possibly.
Yes.
Possibly.
Good luck with that degree.
Thank you so much.
fm you you're on the air
hey tom
hey who's this
um...
i'm sorry i was morose earlier about jack nickleson
i like this new voice ears
you're trying to be a new voice well i'm that's what i'm that i'm sorry tom
hey what's wrong it's been raining it's been raining down here today i guess i
was just a little bit down to jack nickleson's search for coffin
if you show up with recursion i want to apologize jack nickleson he's not
listening of course
usually apologize to the human race for that uh... for that uh... ill spirit
of yours
and you're
you're right on
i'm sorry
we saw negative four
i don't know it's just it's been a long day
sitting in your room drinking a beer
yeah i could just winding down
that's the problem you're winding down
you're winding out your promise your soft serve
did you pledge
soft serve ice cream
did you pledge to the marathon
of course not
your bum
get off my phone
your monster
you show up for a call from
and you should do
support the show support the station
there you
fm you you're on the air
hey tom it's uh... line
line as
how are you doing tonight i'm doing it
Great.
Do you remember me?
Um, no.
I was the champion blogger we talked about later.
Oh, yes.
Yes.
You're the guy who did the blog.
What was it again?
Pardon me?
Your blog.
I can't even remember what you did a blog that, and you, yeah, it was a whole weird
thing.
Yeah.
Well, it's called the fury of Linus.
Mm hmm.
Yeah.
The fury of Linus.
Yes.
Okay.
Yeah, yeah. Hey, well, I'm actually writing you mentioned to your previous caller about pledging.
Um, I'm writing a story on the FMU marathon and I wanted to get a couple quotes from you if that was possible.
Sure, sure.
Okay. Now, I just want to get some facts right first.
Um, now, if I'm not mistaken, hang on, let me put my pipe down. Hang on. Okay.
Your pipe?
Yeah. Why?
You smoke a pipe?
Uh-huh.
How old are you?
Pardon me. How old are you? 23. Okay. Yeah. Why? It's not it's not because it. What kind of pipe do you smoke?
I don't smoke any kind of pipe. Oh weird. Just seems a little whatever. Most of my my
writer friend smoke them. Okay. Yeah. Seems a little affected but whatever. That's very effective. Yes. Okay.
And it kind of livens up the room, I think, in terms of, you know, kind of a nutty sort
of aroma.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
So, so what, you wanted to ask me a couple questions?
Yes, yeah.
Now, last year, your show was, was it the second or third highest pledge earner?
I don't know.
I don't even know where it was.
Okay.
We did well.
We did well last year.
We did even better this year.
It was very exciting.
great i'm recording it is that okay sure okay great and uh... but from from
what i hear on the grapevine this year you guys really
can i think it that on the
yeah okay you we we more than held our own that's great okay
was very
okay and you're very happy with how you guys did sure yeah
very much okay and would you say that
listenership for the entire station
as a whole
has gone up
you know i don't have statistics on that but i i think that uh...
the marathon brings out a wide uh... variety of people who support the station
and all the different kinds of programming on it
right so i think i think the marathons a good time for kind of
making it reaffirming what everybody likes about the station
okay and uh...
who did you have you had some some pretty major players will with it last
week you had uh... yeah
who
was that again
uh... it had to tell you was in the studio
what's that
i think okay okay um... uh... from death cap for cutie ben gibberd
are you making a sound
and uh... the comedian pat nazwalt
you're making i heard you make a sound i didn't do anything are you
serious
you made a little bit of no i didn't that i was breathing and i thought i
did we're breathing problem that i've had okay yeah fine i i will accept okay
you have a breathing problem okay great so
all right okay uh... uh... another question
sure i think that people out there who uh... say that your show might be a
little lame
your comedy bit for or i don't know old hat your listeners are stupid and that
you in particular alternate between being an insufferable or an insipid
loudmouth bully
uh... who said who's asking that
oh uh...
you know actually read it in a few different places you read someone said
that that
what was it that the show's lame
and that the
the listeners are stupid
and that i'm what did you say i'm a bully or something before that it was
That your comedy bits are old head. Okay. Okay. Make sure you get that in there. Yeah, and then yeah, uh,
Yeah, bully, but but also an insufferable boar
why
Well, will you read that mm-hmm. Where did you read that?
Hang on. Let me let me check here. I think I have these things bookmarked because I was doing research today
You know a second sure okay
Okay, some of that is from shovel.com, and the other is from this blog that I found.
Well, who over at shovel.com wrote it?
I did. Why?
You you wrote it, but you were just asking me to comment on something that you read on the internet. Yeah
But you wrote it
Well, yeah, and what was the blog that you had seen it mentioned on? Let me see here. I
Was your line
Your blog yeah
Well, what what well you're you read this stuff
do you put it forth as if you had come across that and you wanted me to
comment on something that somebody else had to head out yeah well I didn't think
you'd call me on it uh-huh yeah well I did well okay well what you know your
show used to be good uh-huh uh-huh before everybody knew about it okay now I
hate it now you hate the show why is that because everybody knows about it
Because everybody knows about it. Yeah, just because the show's a little a little more popular now
Maybe than it was a few years ago now. Oh, yeah, that's when you get off board. Yeah, hang on
Let me let my pipe up again
Oh, yeah, there we go. Uh-huh. Well, you know, you never play any cool music anymore. I never play any cool
me out anymore
well i used to get turned on you know to a lot of
cool bands from listening to your show uh...
like now all you do with yammer and talk
uh-huh and we do claim you think it's what it's the old stuff like
big dipper and
i don't like the raining sounds that stuff
uh... you know i wouldn't exactly say raining raining sounds or a current band
well to me they're old
uh-huh
so they're old to you
oh yeah
why why why that
all right well one
why don't you tell me who are who i should be playing then
oh well um...
what's a call screeners named greg
mike mike okay
tell mike
to uh... go into the
you might have a slight huge
cd library there yet we do
tell him to grab the new e p from wax on wax off
wax on wax off
well i i've never heard of wax on wax off
uh... it's a new band from green point
and
can you look for that record like
it's
they're really great their name comes from the cool of movie that uh...
the karate kid
a cool old movie out from like the eighties uh-huh yeah it's so into
unintentionally hilarious
what is
the movie
why how
well i i love to like to watch old movies like that and to see the hilariously
stupid cars people had to drive back then
uh-huh next to one thing
where the karate kid his name's daniel saun
and he's talking on one of those old phones that have to curly cord that goes
from the receiver to the base of the phone
well i don't know if it's looking for you on a on a phone yeah
maybe like a phone attached to a wall
yeah
hahahaha
what an idiot
oh no that's just
that's those are actual phones no they weren't
yes they were oh my god i feel so sorry for people who lived back then
Well, that's just, that phone's worrying.
You were talking about one of those?
What's that?
If you have to talk on one of those?
I've talked on one of those.
Oh, my God.
That's so unintentionally hilarious.
Well, because that's where the technology was at?
Yeah, I don't know.
It just seems like it's so stupid.
Uh-huh.
You know, I've actually never heard wax on wax off,
but their sticker looks great.
They're sticker.
Yeah.
even know anything on their new record not really know uh-huh but the
stickers in the shape of a of a uh... a can of car wax uh-huh yeah my
girlfriend they're tapped answer
well what
so your girlfriend is in the band now why
well so why are you it so you're hyping this record you never heard
and have you hyped this online
i've been hyped i've reviewed it yet
yeah but you never heard it
uh-huh
you know people accused them of being a uh...
a tilly in the wall ripoff you know that that band that's on uh... on
saddle creek where they have a tapped answer
but these guys would have totally have their own sound as far as i've
heard okay
all right
so i'm not going to play a record your
indoors and that you've never even heard
okay well how about how about this other band of favor to mind
from red hook
uh... they're called the well-all right
the well-all right well comma all right
exclamation point uh...
uh... and uh... did you get them a nine point eight
is the where did you review that on shovel dot com
okay
and that the so you so this is a band you've actually heard
uh... oh yeah absolutely yeah
their name comes from that old band from the eighties kiss
from the eighties
yeah kiss i think comes from the seventies actually i don't think so
did they they do
i don't know
i'll check into that
anyway there's this tape going around
of kisses singer a freely yeah and it's about his his uh...
his but between song banter
and he always said well all right before everything else he said
it's a lot in time and it's only hilarious well
oh my god
well first of all the singer for kiss was not ace freely sure it was no it was
Paul Stanley who's that
he's the singer for kiss
the guy with the make-up
yet they all had make-up that they didn't
they'd be there i didn't the drummer did he did not he was he
a cat
you're full of it
i'm not going to be the drummer all four of them were make-up
i don't like two of them did
there were four of them and they all wore makeup in the early eighties only
two of them did and then
i think for the rest of it no one did
and then they got back together in like two thousand
now you're taught your timelines a little off well anyway
people say that the uh... well all right
they felt like a cross between
practice we talk about practice and uh...
marry me
the layman fry
i honestly i don't know either of those bands if you could mention park
slope
but i think we've found
i mean they found
like a left rock and more introspective from the death of colonel have had the
blab
i don't know who that is that there from west bushwick
you know you said that they said you said we sound like that
who did you did
no i didn't
you did i said they sound like that you said we sound and caught yourself
no i did not know i didn't are you in what was it called well all right
the well all right are you in that band
because you can't read why because you can't write about your own band like
that can we all do it
we don't want no one does that all the guys that shovel dot
com do that they write about their own band of course yeah why
you can't that's that's completely biased well
we don't give our self-tent
on the rating system yeah
well that's that's a generous i gave us a nine point eight uh-huh yeah oh
there you go you so you're objective
yeah i mean you've read my stuff right
yeah you know actually i have read
it's funny that you say that i i have completely forgotten that you uh...
let me see if i can find something here
it shouldn't be hard
you actually wrote a review of a record
uh... called black kids
all right yeah yeah wizard of a lot of people
and i was actually remember let me see if i can just find it i remember reading
that
Yeah, people were definitely talking about that review.
All right, here it is.
It's up at shovel.
Yep.
Of course it is.
A lot of blogs link to it, too.
Pretty big stuff.
The hype on this Jacksonville, Florida,
Florida spelled F-L-O-R-E-D-A, based five-piece quintet,
which is a quintet is a five.
like you don't need to say it's a five-piece quintet
no it's five guys with the quintet
yeah but you don't need to say you don't need to say it's a five-piece quintet
it could have just been the hype on this Jacksonville Florida quintet
is palpable but should be ignored on general principles principles you pick
you pick the wrong principles no i didn't
p-r-i-n-c-i-p-a-l-s that's that's the wrong use of principles
Their sound is a pathetically generic...
Their sound is a...
Troy...
Is he your editor?
Yeah, yeah. He started shovel.com.
Their sound is a pathetically generic mishmash of the Cure's limper moments melted...
It should have been melded.
No, it's melded.
No, it's melded with the ineffective funk of Go Team.
No, it's melded.
They melt together.
Why are you being so mean to me?
Well, I'm just pointing out I just like I'm kind of marveling you're you're putting yourself out there as a pretty in
Like a a writer. I am a writer. I'm a taste maker. Uh-huh. I
Mean do you consider yourself a really good writer? Absolutely. Yeah, everyone says I am
ultimately all that is
Left is a ponderous plotting exercise exercise spelled wrong in
futility that deserves to be criticized for the garbage that it is not the amazing music that it probably thinks it is
That's a that is a really terrible sentence. What is
That last thing I took that last thing was like brilliant
Ultimately that all that is left is a ponderous plotting exercise in futility that deserves to be criticized
For being the garbage that it is not the amazing music that it probably thinks it is. That's a very unwieldy
That's a that's a you I got to just say for somebody who is a writer
You should know better than to put a sentence like that out there. You can't talk to me like that
I'm just I'm just I write for shovels.com. Uh-huh
Okay
I'm just telling you your your thing is a little
unwieldy what's not
What's wrong?
Are you okay, why are you judging me?
Hold on.
Everyone else thinks I'm really good at it.
Why am I judging you?
Uh-huh.
All I'm doing is saying that the thing you wrote criticizing somebody else is poorly written,
and you can't...
Not totally written, no.
You can't...
So you're all bent out of shape.
You had no problem telling this band that they were horrible.
They were terrible.
What?
I hated them.
Yeah.
So you had no...
They were mean to me.
Who was mean to you?
They were they were mean to you. How are they mean to you?
So you wrote a bad review of them
Maybe they didn't like you giving them a bad review especially now that has no foundation in any
i you you need to just understand the basic
hypocrisy in someone
who can dish it out like nobody's business but apparently can't take it
i can't take it you can't you're crying
you're crying right now i'm laughing
you know you
you're crying
i'm laughing
you're crying
so you've had you apparently can dish it out but can't take this is not laughing
you're not laughing
you know what i'm laughing at
what's that
i can't believe that you're listening to a lot of money
why is that why
because they seem really poor
What?
Yeah, dumb.
They seem poor and dumb.
Unlike me, I'm rich.
And smart.
Yes.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
You know who my step-uncle is?
Who is your step-uncle?
Maurice Kern.
There's a shocker.
Yeah.
Maurice Kern, the guy who runs Kern Pharmaceuticals.
The acclaimed philanthropist.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
He's your step-uncle.
the phone call yet uh... why
okay
so uh... are you in touch with your step-on-cole absolutely i run one of
his foundations for
and what is that
well we've got a kickball league all over brooklyn and out in silver lake in
l.a. uh... uh...
great
so so you're using
uh... where where is this money coming from for this
well he donates a lot of the money from uh... you know this
from various you know proceeds from products of his
okay like she sleeps now
this is horrible it used to be now she sleep yeah
but they had to re-tool it
so he changed the name of it
so he donates profits from that to go to uh... figures he's six months away
from trouble
mmm now
and thankfully they go to uh...
worthy charities absolutely yeah like uh... kickball leagues
Yeah. Hey, you know. Yeah.
I'll actually donate, like, I don't know,
15 to $18,000 to the station.
Really? Yeah. Okay.
Well, that's fantastic.
Yeah. If you do something for me.
Oh, okay. What is it?
Okay. Uh-huh.
Strapped in.
Sure.
You got your helmet on?
Yes.
I want you to play
Moon Dog Matinee in its entirety.
That's what? The band?
mm-hmm yeah and it's entire rate record
and you'll donate that money yeah
well it will you donate it before i do it now absolutely not
how do i know you're going to donate it because i will
i have my word
you have my step uncles award i you know i gotta say your word
i can't value your word
why not that much
i'm a published writer
because you just had a meltdown
You did. You did. Oh, I did. And I was laughing. I thought it was hilarious. You were not laughing.
I was so. Just because I made, I didn't even make fun of it.
I just pointed out that you wrote this unwieldy final sentence in this hatchet job that you wrote about this band, Black Kids.
It did not. It wasn't unwieldy at all. It makes perfect sense. No, it's an unwieldy sentence. It's not. It is. It is not.
See, you're doing it again. It's a win. You are. That's so funny.
what are you okay no yes I don't know you need to you need to you need to maybe
get a get a hold of yourself you know what I need what's that I need to hear
Moon Dog Matinee in its entirety now and then you'll pledge this money
absolutely yes well why don't you give the information off air to Mike I will
what's the name Greg Mike okay why don't you give him the info off air and
then and then once he gets the details then I'll consider playing Moon Dog
Matinee great and if you don't yeah you know what your show is getting
tomorrow in my review what's that point one
oh okay yeah so if i don't play something for you gonna give me a bad
review absolutely yes
what why wouldn't i why shouldn't i
why shouldn't you mhm
well because it's it's uh...
unethical
and it's motivated by a personal grudge
there's no grudges at all
you made me laugh i appreciate that
i did not you were crying i was cracking up i was laughing
now you were crying during it
uh... well you are really depressing okay i'll be listening and if i don't
hear it
enjoy that point one
and people really respect your opinion on my god of course they do i'm a
taste maker
uh... i i don't know about i heard that one of the
one of the guys in the black kids
yeah
uh... went into a monastery because of that review
but he left the band absolutely he he left
uh... pretty much
you're gonna leave her
uh... i'm going to leave her out of the way i'm going to go to a monastery
you're going to either drop out society or you're going to be some baris the
people are going to barge you
yeah i i think i can handle it i'll take the heat ok well
if you don't play it
you know i have to say to you what get barge
at least he didn't
rare uh... non-death threat
what's that
he did that's what yeah
that's weird line is is not running for mayor
that is maybe the weirdest part of that
uh...
that actually shocked me
i i could have bet i would have bet that he would have been uh...
that that would have been his his uh...
entree into the new bridge political campaign
specially with his uncle uh...
his step uncle financing him
they are from sweden
they are from the sixties
they are
Tages
And I will cry, brother, brother, brother
You say, oh, Lord, for me for truth
You say, oh, devil, make me good
But now I cry, trust you say goodbye
You'll run away with another guy
I know my sorrow will be tomorrow
I never done it without you
Now I know that it's true
And I know I'll always love you
A short musical lines are lewd
by Tajas. Don't turn your back from the Tajas 64 to 68 collection put out by
EMI over in Sweden. The topic that was on the table was it's over but you know
What's not over?
What's just about to begin in about a half hour?
Human giant season two, over on MTV 11 p.m.
Tune in and check it out, sound like the H man, giving plugs, the H man.
My favorite radio show, the H man in Scotty.
They are the competition at this point.
me, an H-Man in Scotty. FM you're on the air. Hi, my name is Esterious, I'm calling from
Los Angeles. Hey Esterious, how are you? I'm doing alright, how are you doing? I'm doing
okay. I was listening just so, I can't hear it, I'm in the car right now, so I was just
going to call today and I really enjoyed the marathon, I thought it was great. What's that?
I was calling to say I really enjoyed the marathon. I thought it was really entertaining.
Well thank you. It's nice of you to say that.
I guess I've got an inch over.
Let's hear it.
Has anyone mentioned MySpace yet?
MySpace is kind of over, right?
The thing is, I like it. I mean, I have a Facebook account, but I prefer MySpace, but
younger kids
i have friends who describe college and they're like
my space
what's that
hold on they don't they don't they say they don't know what it is no no i don't
i don't mean it literally but they're like they don't have my space account
and they don't see the point of having my space account
what kind of counter they have
facebook account
and so and like you know so the college kids aren't doing anymore so i i think
it's over
you think it's over my space
at its moment in the sun
yeah unfortunately because i like my space and i'm going to keep using it but i think
it's over
how many friends do you have
uh... it's actually kind of funny i have nine hundred ninety nine mhm
and uh... and uh... you know i was gonna i was going to be like oh i want my
thousand friends to be like someone who i really like
i met this guy at a comedy show is his name was kindly you seem like a really
cool guy was like you know what
you're going to be my thousand friend
um... i got involved in like some political fundraising stuff in the
meantime so i didn't want to send out like
friend i want everyone to know this guy's great
um... i was putting out boldness about like
the food crisis in jar four and and a couple other things that i didn't want
to be like
oh everyone should uh... should feed the poor oh and by the way that i was in
friend this guy's great you know i i kind of want to weaken that yeah so you
did not want to dilute your message exactly am i one of your myspace
friends you better believe it and i do not have um
fight club in my top movies there you go you know what to do
and i never did either i love it did you like fight club though
i guess i did like fight club but you know what
FM you're on the air. Hi Tom, this is John from Charlotte, North Carolina.
John from Charlotte, North Carolina. How are you doing today? I'm doing well. How are you doing?
I'm doing okay. Cool. Yeah, I'm a new listener to the show and uh...
Welcome. I've really enjoyed what I've been hearing out. I'm trying. I'm trying buddy. I'm trying.
I know, I hope you, I hope you stick with it for a long time. Well, I try. And I try.
and I try and I wait wait wait what are you doing a sing along here oh no I know
sorry apparently you are new to the program did you pledge young man did you
pledge to the marathon I know you did not FM you you're on the air oh I'm back
on already yes you're back on a serious oh well yeah I didn't even usually I
I hear the get off part no, I was like do I get cut off that was silent
He was like no, you got gone. You didn't even get gumped. It was just silent. I was just moving on
Yeah, you know what well, then I'll just say have a good night. You want to notice there's you're a good guy
I appreciate you supporting the station during the marathon. I tip my hat to you and
You you hang in there champ. I will bet I'm looking forward to listening to share next week
201, 209, 9368, 201, 209, 9368, that's the number, the topic, it's over.
See what else.
Oh, I went to the bookstore the other day.
I'm looking at the books.
Did I talk about the Ghostface Killer book, Mike?
I have not.
He's been talking about doing a book for about three years.
And finally, I go into the Barnes & Nobles.
I was doing that for a fact.
It's Barnes & Noble.
A lot of people add that <E.D.> on to it.
You go into the Barnes & Noble.
There it is.
Finally, the Ghostface Killer book.
The world according to Pretty Tony.
And I finally, I'm like, all right, here we go.
Book buying time.
Then I crack this thing open.
And I managed to read the entire book in four minutes.
The entire book, it was this kind of book.
One sentence on one page, a funny picture interpreting that sentence on the next page.
and it was like his advice it's like wipe the sleep out of your eyes and then
there's a picture of a guy with sleep in his eyes the bully what do you write that
book car ride throughout 30 life lessons but nobody's big ghost case goes face
the killer fan than me well I'm sure there are bigger fans and then of ghost
face killer to me is one of my favorites all the way up there goes face could have
done better on the book there we go Josh just put it up 112 pages MTV press and I'm telling
you a lot of blank pages in there a lot of room for footnotes a lot of room to get autographs
I had a gift card ready to buy this thing, and it comes with the CD of the book, which
I admittedly have heard 5 minutes of, and was hilarious.
But I am not planning on, I don't want to pay $24.99 for a CD of him reading the book.
I wanted the real ghost face killer book where he told all the stories.
still my favorite
and you know what again
it just serves to point out this guy's got a book out
ghost face killer wrote a book uh...
uh... in the back of probably the back of the limo
dictated it to somebody
fast forward six months he's got this thing on the shelf of the bookstore
ghost face killer one book
tom zero books
paris Hilton two books
tom zero books
i gotta write the book
i gotta write the book i think it's just gonna have to be
the first one's just gonna have to be
on the air with tom sharpling
just to get off uh... just to get something on the shelf
so i get a zero all of my uh... score tally
one book
on the air it'll just be things like uh...
they'll be chapters like mike
mike and i'll write it up
mike is the associate producer and call screen of the show he's a nice guy
and then a picture of Mike on the next page.
Lots of filler.
There'll be pages that just say on the top notes.
Write your thoughts on this page about the preceding chapter called Mike, which was two sentences long.
What are your thoughts about Mike?
Something ready for the show will be a chapter.
Before each show, I pull a few records to play on the air.
I put them on a cart and wheel them into the studio.
Then a picture of the cart on the opposite page.
Picture me pulling a CD out of the wall.
On the air with Tom Sharpling.
I got to do it.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi, this is Ajax from Oakland Ajax from Oakland
First time caller
Love your show. Welcome Ajax. I've been listening for a while. Thank you
I think that the the name of your show is kind of an understatement actually. Oh really it's not because it's not the best showing
WFM you it's the best show in the world. You think this is the best show in the world. Yeah, really
Well, I'm betting to happen to radio in a long time, Jesus.
Well, I don't think I'm so mad about it.
Well, I'm mad about what's the state of radio.
I appreciate that, Ajax.
I think you're fighting a good fight.
I am trying.
And I'm behind you 100%.
I have one for the topic.
I'm trying, Ajax.
What do you got for me?
Uh, I don't think the milkshake thing yet.
What do you mean?
Well, you know, the movie, um, There Will Be Blood.
Yes.
And how there was that crazy scene at the end, when Daniel D. Lewis is going totally nuts
and has the money metaphor about milkshakes, and after that everyone's all laughing about
milkshakes.
You've had it with that scene, or you've had it with people's reactions to that scene.
Just everybody thinks it's so funny, and they just can't get over how funny that scene
was, and there were so many other good things about that movie that were so awesome.
kind of diluting the awesomeness of
there will be blood. I gotta say I was not laughing when I saw that scene.
Well you're on the edge of your seat. Yes,
I didn't know what was going to happen. You're going nuts. I didn't know what was
going to happen.
It was great. I was excited about it. I was not
cracking up. No you were you were in cinema
you were transfixed by I was I was transfixed
some might say transformed. Really? Some. From what to what? What's that? From what to what?
Well, we will find out won't we? I don't like the sound of that. You know what? I hope it's
something good. I do too. I can't pick what I'm being transformed into. Do you think Gregor Samsa
I could pick it. I can't pick it. Sometimes you wake up your bug.
Gregor, Sam's though. Yeah, egg head talk. That's right. I went to 10th grade.
I thought this was just, I thought this was a slob show. Yeah, you know what? It's a slob show.
I thought we were all slob. Yeah, you didn't go to, you didn't go to high school?
All right, I did. Yeah, and everybody read it in high school. So funny. Not
throwing around anything. We haven't read already. He's a bug. What's next? I'm gonna
talk about the lottery. Yeah man, you can't wait to read this thing. There's
lottery. The winner of the lottery gets killed. Okay, I didn't read that one. What
was that Twilight Zone? Is that real great? That stuff in ninth grade high school.
I guess I went to the wrong school who wrote that story Mike Shirley Jones
Shirley Jones surely Jones yes I think later in her career yes
there it is a good way Shirley Jones published Shirley Jones won Tom 0 at the
bookstore
surely jones rosary her in uh... high school
when i was stuck here with nothing on the bookshelf
what's not going on now we're all waiting anxiously for uh... on the air
i want on the air to be the kind of book where
literally one hundred percent of the people who read it
are disappointed
for some reason
and feel they have been ripped off because it will be twenty eight ninety five
and it will have a cd with it
it will have a cd that will just be stuff you've heard before on the show
i'll just i have an idea for the cd
can at all be pregnant positive
because you're the king of the pregnant positive
i am a victim of a cd of all poms pauses
so i'm you think i'm the king of the pregnant pause
really
pregnant
yes
you know what i first heard
fm you're on the air
This is Mike, it's Shirley Jackson.
What's that?
My name is Shirley Jackson.
Who is?
Your name?
No, the woman who wrote the lottery named Shirley Jackson.
How are you tonight?
I'm good.
Correcting you guys.
What's that, Shirley?
that he's talking about, it's written by someone named
Shirley Jackson, not Shirley Jones.
Who is that?
That's the person who wrote the,
she's a short story writer, at least she's the writer.
And then now you are wrong, the woman from the Parchar family is Shirley Jones.
True, but the woman who wrote the story The Lottery is Shirley Jackson.
Let me check.
Just go here, hold on one second, amazon.com, The Lottery, right?
Yeah, The Lottery, Shirley Jackson, great short story.
The Lottery.
Mm-hmm.
There it is.
The Lottery, Shirley Jones.
Shirley Jones?
No.
You might want to check your facts there.
I guess I will.
Alright.
Says it's by Shirley Jones.
See you.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hello.
Hello.
Hi, I want to apologize for my cell phone connection in advance.
Okay, fair enough.
And who's this?
My name is Liz.
I'm calling from Chicago.
Liz from Chicago.
How are you tonight?
I'm doing pretty good.
I've got something for the topic and something for your book.
Let's hear it.
What do you got for the topic?
OK, topic first.
Yes, please.
Christopher Guest and his films are over.
Yeah, they are over.
And I only say that because I love Christopher Guest,
and it's disappointing to me.
Yeah, I got to get shown the door.
We get it.
Yeah, I mean, like I lost two hours after watching his movies.
Yeah, I got to go pay, see one of his movies,
and watch Paul Dooley do improv.
yeah they're doing the same material
going to see something
now i go to the movies
for a good time
not to watch a ed begley jr uh...
uh... wing in it
exactly
actually
though
and that so i've got a
i've got a title potential title for your book let's hear it
um... i already know what the cover is going to look like it's going to be called
finger on the button
and it's going to be you kind of uh...
blurred out in the background and the foreground extreme focus is going to be
your finger
getting ready to hang up on people you want to know what
i like it
i like that
are you and are you and some sort of art director
no i just got inspired i was hoping to get the guy who who won the lifetime
achievement award
the oscars did to work on the the artwork for the book
i figured maybe if i told him what to do he would do it
tom said that he wanted to do
a thing about the radio
so then
i did some sketches of some radios
it's not bad
workers where
but i don't think that would work that will work too busy
too expensive
are things that are going to be uh... on the fly el cheapo
if chris where did it
someone might be happy with it
and the goal with this
is that literally no one will be happy with the somebody will feel ripped off
maybe for different reasons like if people got it and they're like
hey did you get on the air with tom sharpling
yeah i i'm kind of not happy with the uh...
with the with the skimpy uh...
with the skimpy quality
there's barely barely wrote anything for it
yeah i'm not happy with the expensive price tag
uh... you know i'm not happy with is that it's stuff he said on the air already
that's dead now i'm not going to do it appendix
someone might be happy with that
i want this book to be the kind of book
where everyone feels ripped off
i will just abuse the trust i have built up over the years
maybe you should be with me
now i want this to be expensive hardcover
on the air with tom sharpling eighty eight pages
and a really stretch eighty eight
well i don't think around the button to be a chapter
exactly be finger on the button
when i'm on the air i keep my finger on the button at all times getting ready
who knows when i'll have to hang up on someone
that's great
do you remember what was that chapter or what what should i call it
I can't do it to you. You're too nice. Thank you. You have a good night. You too. I was going to get her to say why I had my finger on the button and I was going to hang up on her, but she was too nice. FM you, you're on the air. Hey, Tom. Hey, who's this? It's P.D. P.D. How are you, young man? I'm okay. You having a good night? Not too good. What's wrong? Because everything is over. It's over.
goes in the topic
what's over for you
uh...
a relationship
a relationship
i'm sorry
it's okay tommy
heartbreak
uh... i don't know what what the heartbreak
is your heart broken right now
not really
but a relationship ended
between you and uh... somebody uh... you had feelings for
you think happened on top they do happen
don't be sad
i won't be
you'll get past it
you're a strong young man
thank you
all right
yeah but uh...
i was really calling so we can write a story for the new book
you want to write something for the book well you'll be a chapter in it
peter
what do you mean
for on the air with tom sharpling
is it just about people on the air
it's about me in the show instead it's just going to be uh...
but on the air with tom sharpen chapter eleven p d
so it would be like recap kind of
yes it will be like a a a primer
what's the primary
say beginners guide
so it's
yeah yeah i know those kinds of book
i could i could write something for that
i used to read those all the times like the guides to different things that like
if you wrote something for the problem is someone might be happy about that
and that will that will somehow uh... that will corrupt my goal of having one
hundred percent dissatisfaction with this book
or we could write something bad if you want
so school going
uh...
i don't know not good
you know
you went to school
You learning anything?
No.
No?
What year are you in now?
11.
You're a junior?
Yeah.
Really?
I'm being a senior next year.
And then I go to college.
Any college plans yet?
I don't know.
I don't really know where to go,
because I don't know what the different colleges have.
I'm going to go to state school?
Yeah, I guess.
go to ivy league school
i think you should pledge to a frat
what's the fact
uh... for turnity but
the group of kids
what do you pledge like
so that you can be a member of a frat
what they make fun of it
well of course they will
that's what all frats do make fun of everybody when you're in a frat yes i
was
i went in i was the first person they didn't make fun of
I went in to make fun of.
What's that?
They didn't make fun of you?
No, I made fun of them and they weren't sure what to do.
I was running the place within three weeks.
Did you always run it or did someone overtake you?
I had to overtake someone.
I tricked him Bugs Bunny style.
Within three weeks I had members of the frat fighting in the quad, fighting each other
for sport.
Yeah.
So Tommy.
Yes.
So Tommy yes, how do what happened after that though? I dropped out of school
That's probably what's gonna happen to me and it's hopefully that's the spirit
No, wait Tom. I
Think one day it would just be like like I just come over and we like just smoke some cigars
And then we're that and then we just like take out the car and we just make some movies
I don't want to smoke the cigars. You're smoking and then everyone just like makes the movies all day. They call it out cigars
Yeah, right so cool. I like we get all the friends and then everyone just like acts in the movies
And then then everyone likes them and we get millions of dollars. There we go
Just kicked in, huh?
You know God's green herb. What's that noise?
What's that? What noise? It sounds like a train. It is a train. I'm doing the show. I'm doing the show in Penn Station.
Cool. Hey Tom, one part of the book should be like this guy I'm in train. And he's listening to Tom.
You can't do this. FMU, you're on the air. Hi.
Hi.
Hi, who's this?
What?
Who is this?
This is Inc.
From Oakland, California.
What's your name?
Inga.
Inga.
How old are you, Inga?
Inga.
F.
Okay.
Singa.
No.
A-N-T-U-S.
Inga.
Angus.
Yeah.
How old are you, Angus?
What?
How old are you?
What?
How old are you?
I'm nine.
You're nine.
Oh.
you're nine all how have school going
and off my phone
fm you you're on the air
a what's up top not a whole lot who's this martin and it's an
how are you martin
quality called as quality
i don't know i don't run at a time but i want to call in uh... for something on
the topic has got clock awareness what do you got for me
uh... i was watching the show uh... this morning and they were really very good
for reporting on uh... south by south west
and this one uh... is over just uh...
the key kept referring it
referring to to the show about
uh... it was more like
he just kept saying
south by
and he
he just kept referring to south by south west
as south by
who who is this
is on i f c
you watch i f c in the morning
well i like i've recorded it what do they have a morning show
and i was a jello biafra
not even know who the guy was
so you were you were uh... watching and the guy was talking about south by
south west calling it south by
right and he never referred to it as south by south west
it was almost like
yet no time to
to just you know say south by south west
and he said it like i'd at least a dozen times that guy's in a rush
I couldn't say the word Southwest.
Right, yeah.
You know what I'd say to you, Martin?
What's that?
There's going to be one good thing
in Southwest, WFMU is going to be there.
People go to WFMU.org to check it out.
Yeah.
Get the info on it.
Yeah, that is really cool.
I will not be.
I don't think you reported anything on that.
Of course not.
Yeah.
Thank you for coming down, Martin.
It was very exciting to meet you.
Thanks for having me, those fun.
you're fun
three minutes left
three minutes left
only three minutes
it's a tonight show was not exactly
we're warming back up
we're getting it back
What are the odds of Billy Crystal blowing out his ACL, playing for the Yankees for that
one exhibition game?
2-0-1-2-0-9-9-3-6-8. Two minutes of open phone Tuesday before we throw it over to
nickel and dime radio with small change. Don't screen it Mike, it's open phones. FM
You're on the air yeah, I'm on the air. Yes, you are all right
It is in fact Shirley Jackson wrote the lottery. It's not I'm looking at it right here at Amazon calm
I'm looking at it on Wikipedia and it's a famous short story by a woman named Shirley Jack
Uh-huh. Maybe there's another lottery another Shirley Jones who wrote a story like that
But this is the one and influenced everybody from Stephen King on up every horror
or short story right every order writer afterwards
when it's like this particular story and it's a great one.
I'm looking at it right here.
Ah, Amazon, huh?
On Amazon, yeah.
Not Wikipedia where any goofball
can hack in there and put bad information on it.
They got a picture of it,
and we're reading them out to kids.
And I'm looking at it right here.
There's a picture of Shirley Jones,
mom from the Partridge family holding a copy of the book.
Well, maybe Shirley Jones from the Partridge family
wrote a book called a lottery
but surely jackson wrote a short story called a lot of lottery well this one
says here that the book is is a shocking
book with an amazing twist
it was a that influenced a lot of horror
yeah that's the kind of what you were saying
yeah well it's clearly surely jones holding up surely jackson
well this book says surely jones
the lottery
surely jones from the partridge family yes
That's the idea that oh you don't buy that. What do you sexist? I am I'm sorry for Peter
Houston off to be a man of a jack of old trades not a right for Shirley Jones you get off my phone you sexist creep
Unless you pledged
Then I apologize
All the best you sir have a great night
WFM you east orange WXHD mount hope worldwide on the worldwide web at WFM you dot org this concludes
tonight's installment of the best show on WFMU, which is entitled, any,
many, many murder. Coming up next, nickel and dime radio, small change. Leave it
locked in. 11 to 2, small change. From 2 to 6. It is Brian. Brian? No? Scott.
There we go. Stay tuned. Stay tuned. Small change.