Hey, who's this?
Well, I am by the trail of Governor Valentine.
Hi, it's, uh, Gerald Palmer.
Tom Sharpling, Governor of Party.
Hey, Tom, it's Purple Turf.
Hey, Tom, it's Mark Michaels.
This is Richard Clark.
Richard Clark.
What's your name?
Baron.
Baron.
The two fire cry Maurice Kurt Horrifying
Hey Thomas Bruce
Johnny who's this?
Genji Vitis
Genji Vitis
Yes they have Rick Feloni at the wall I guess to what?
I hate you
It's Peter
Hey it's Steinberg
You are creepy and I'm hanging upon you
Boing Roger Depp
My name is Ollie Fairnock
I'll say it you'll hear it
You'll do it
I'll get it
You'll learn it
I'll live with it
And you'll die without it
Smash or trash
There's a constant call
Good day
What's up, Thomas? It's Tristan.
Hey, it's Michelle.
Yeah, Tom, this is Jim Ripple. How you doing?
When I get to do the toilet talk now.
The Bardville is a new century.
My name is Tom Riley. I'm calling from New Zealand.
Hey, man, it's Brian.
Ted, don't stand with us. It's a tent pole. It's a tent pole show.
Hey, this is Ted Lea.
Whaaat?
This is Pete from the Future.
Hi, Tom. It's DJ Terry Chase.
Hey, from Knoxville.
Super caller.
It's off the top.
My name is Mike Zajak.
Get off my phone. I don't care.
Hey, this is if you can, man.
I'm going to go to bed now, bye, friend.
Hey, Tom, it's Gordon.
Hey, Gordon, how are you?
I was in a band in the early 90s.
My name's Jerry Page.
Tom, why need this, uh, Jeffrey Ludell?
It's a fat, diseased, wilder, ragged, night, isn't it?
The disenfranchised of a home now.
I'm the hero of the disenfranchised.
There's too many, eight o'clock, yeah
There's too many, eight o'clock, yeah
Don't shoot, I'm giving birth to smiles
I'm holding some water into the best show
Don't let me down you, the best show
Don't let me down you, the best show
I'm telling you the best show, I'm telling you the best show
I'm telling you the best show
Now you said it was just in the yesterday's I'm on the day and I'm rounding me
But I don't know if you want to be busy Oh, I don't know, I don't know
I'll meet you in your palace, you're standing where you can't obey
It's all a fun way, this is the wrong way
Let's go see you, I wanna shock it's true
Valley of valley hope
Wow, how would you know
The way you've been
A meal of a trip
This is all that I'll give
But who are you?
That you need to watch it tell
It's not that you said it was just in the <E.D.>
But there's another day that I've never made
That you were born with what you are
Tally your tally, oh, oh, oh, oh
Out of your
power
Out of your
power
Lookin' up from the middle of another day
It just gives me
Where do we go when we're in this place
She says we need
What will we see on the line now
Go on, make me wonder why
Our time is off to be free
She gives me one thing to believe
There's been some point times trying to find us to see
So anyone that may have shown
If you don't go on
Make me wonder why
Our time is all too free
She gives me one thing to me
Things are alright
But a little while
For some time
You can look from the bottom just the other day
She says to me, no one, make me wonder why
Our time is all too free
She gives me one thing to be free
Time for our lives, we're going to stay
Don't stay until maybe I'll be gone
Go on, make me wonder why our time is all too free
She gives me one thing to leave
Go on, make me wonder why
She gives me one thing to leave
Go on, make me wonder why our turn is on to you
She gives me one day to live my life
If you see the doctor, tell him he's king.
If you see the doctor, tell him he's still king
But this bad black boy won't be blown away by anything
Yes this bad black boy won't be blown away by anything
There are people in this town who try to put me down
They say I don't give a damn
But the people in this town who try to put me down
Now that people have been stoned
I can never understand a black man
Yeah, man
There are people in this town that try to put me down
They say I don't give a damn
But the people in this town that try to put me down
Are the people in this town
They can never understand a black man
If you see Robert Johnson, tell him I'm here.
If you see Jimin, tell him it's clear.
I've been living on the wrong side, now I'm here
I've been living on the wrong side, now I'm here
Well people in this town are trying to put me down
They say I don't hear the dance
But the people in this town are trying to put me down
Now the people in this town
They can never understand what man is
Yeah!
Well, I'm mad about it.
That's why I'm mad about it.
What's people doing?
Are people being goofy?
Yeah.
I think Richard Kine told you to think this.
I don't like it.
When are you going to get under from that Adlak Ice Thumb?
Got off my phone.
Don't stand up for good
I love control of the queen
We're in a region for the top show
There isn't any debate
Don't we're in a region for the top show
Double your weapon
The best show
Double your weapon
The best show
Double your weapon
My show
My best show
My best show
oh, oh you, eh?
Oh, that's how, oh you, eh?
Oh, that's how, oh you, eh?
Oh, that's how you do it again
Uh huh
You don't know fair enough
It's a brother if he don't know
He's done. I'm cooked.
That guy knows everything.
What?
Is there a Sharpie out there, Mike?
Can I have it, please?
May I have it, please?
All right, hey, best show on WFM you back again for another exciting Tuesday night installment
three, not one, not two, but three hours of Murth music and mayhem brought to you each
and every Tuesday night.
My name is Tom Sharpeley.
I'm the host of tonight's installment and I'm telling you tonight, thank you Mike tonight
show.
There's no wiggle room on this one, no wiggle room on this one.
one false move and we are off schedule and I I cannot allow that to happen
tonight I got a lot to accomplish tonight a lot to accomplish as you all
know this is the week very exciting week here WFM you very exciting week the
The record fair is this Friday, Saturday.
And Sunday, the WFMU, 2008 record fair, October 24th, 25th and 26th.
Over at the Metropolitan Pavilion, which is 125 West 18th Street in Manhattan, New York.
What's going on over there?
All the records, DVD's, CDs, stuff you would want, everything piled up all over the place,
oh boy.
I hear Mike taking calls already, never a good son, or a brother.
So anyway, Friday, Saturday and Sunday, the record fair, in full effect, Metropolitan
pavilion 125 West 18th you go down you can see Debby D WFM use on Debby D is
going to get married live on the air that's right that's on Saturday there'll
be live broadcasts coming in it's gonna be a costume contest
people playing rock band whatever that is that some sort of uh that like those
static things or something like like it vibrates like the old football game
I don't play these games I play I play games of the mind I play mind games head
games if you will I like to see how high I can count that's one of the games I
like to play I've been doing it I've had this one game going my whole life
How high do you think you can count, Mike?
How high? That's pretty high.
The mid-330s.
Mid-300s. 335, he said.
That's your record?
Right now, I've been doing this game since I was eleven.
I am now up to $171,486,292.
So anyway, record fair, that's what's going on this weekend.
You check that out.
It's also the week on WFMU everybody's just playing 45s this week, 7 inches only.
No CDs allowed.
So I'm a team player, I play it along.
We heard the dirt bombs from a 7-inch on the sweet nothing label.
Ode to a black man.
Great song.
Before that, so dirt bombs last week.
Heavy duty, as always. Always heavy duty.
Before that velvet crush, one thing to believe.
From a 7-inch on the bus stop label.
Came out in the early 90s, I believe.
and real collector's piece at the top there from the flying nun label we heard
flying nun 002 the clean tally ho their inaugural record
am I going to regret this call Mike do I regret the first call every week I
I don't know do I I can't remember like that dude in Memento I don't remember
nothing we also have very exciting Paul F. Tomkins is going to be in the studio
live he he is a very famous comedian and he is the the upcoming host of best
week ever which starts this friday we'll go into more details about that
shortly but let's go to the phones fm you you're on the air
hello sharply
hello spike how are you tonight okay
and he'd ask you something you need to ask me something go ahead
is mike or fully boy right or whoever becomes the mayor
of new bridge
is he going to uh... insist on uh...
expanding term limit
uh... that that is a candidate by candidate issue i guess we can that we
can ask them
the election the election for mayor of newbridge ends
they were going to announce it on election day actual american election
day two elections go down
the one that brock obama's going to win
in the biggest landslide in political history
And they won the mayor of Newbridge,
and then the gubernatorial race.
All on November 4th, the winners shall be announced.
I'm extending, this is what I'm gonna do.
You ready for this, Spike?
Yes.
The election was supposed to end tonight, I believe.
Right.
That's out the window.
Yay!
Deathite story, I voted.
Oh, brother.
Oh, I'm getting it from both sides.
Creep stereo.
Mike in my left ear, Spike in my right.
Is it Colin Powell?
So the election I'm going to say, get this, goes for the next, it's going to go right
up until November 4th, right?
Yeah.
But this is going to make it more exciting.
Are you ready for this?
Are you ready?
Yeah.
From today until next Tuesday, every vote counts for two votes.
No, and then the final week of the election
It's like coupons. It's like bringing a coupon to a shop right
triple coupons
The final week every vote counts for three votes
I'm cracking this thing wide open
Sounds like the lovely idea. Oh, thank you. So what can I do for you tonight spike? Oh?
Oh, no. Let's say, uh, talk Palin. Yes. Oh, okay. When did he decide to run for mayor?
A couple weeks ago. Uh-huh. I that night I voted for him, but I'm just curious.
It was a couple weeks ago. Okay. So he's running for mayor hour long call on the show. And
a few who happened to catch that. We're only here once a week. Mm-hmm. Three hours, one
third of a show two weeks ago
did miss that so go ahead
yet he's running for mayor and his wife is running for vice president yes
okay well
did uh... i thought you two think somebody did a homage to her
really
yes and you can hold on a minute
somebody did a homage to who sarah palin or to tod palin
okay so what what what was in this homage
oh it's just a video montage
of her
picking up even repeat from her childhood so this moment from the childhood
had a video montage
paying tribute to her
stuff from her childhood and whatnot
no i just they were one to one picture
of her in high school and another picture of her at the baby
that sounds like quite an elaborate montage
but the rest of it is her
now
okay currently
anything new you want to throw out here tonight
anything
i'll get them to be i'm going to go to the record fair and i'm going to watch
the wedding you're going to go
really so people can meet spike at the record fair
now yes
well that's very exciting
have you discussed this with your uh... parole officer
i don't need to have no parole officer okay your ankle bracelet will not set
off any alarms going in or out of the record fair
i have no ankle grateful i don't need one okay
all right fair enough
do you have to have aware of like a uh... a sandwich board that announces
anything
in terms of anyone you must a fifty feet away from or
anyone who must a fifty feet away from you now
hey i look forward to seeing you at the record fair spike is very exciting
Well, you know, I might call back later for the topic.
If there is one, I assume there's going to be one.
Oh, there's going to be one.
Get ready.
Get ready for the topic.
All right, well, babe.
It'll be there on Saturday.
No, it'll be tonight.
Trust me.
What?
It'll be tonight.
Trust me.
No, you're saying you'll be at the record fair on Saturday,
though, when?
Oh, yes.
Yes.
Where Debbie Dee gets married.
Yes.
All right.
I look forward to it.
Very good.
Carry on.
carry-on
yes admiral
jeepers creepers
<E.D.> tompkins coming up in a few minutes but also
later in the show
phone call from uh... one of the co-host of uh... shut up weirdo
frangry is going to be calling in and i would like to say right now
in all seriousness
i don't want no trouble
i don't want to be the troublemaker
I apologize.
I was looking to turn things to Tempest in a teapot, or whatever it would be, a teapot
in a Tempest.
I don't know.
Again, I'm not very smart.
I do not know of these things.
I teased.
I teased and it got out of hand.
So seriously, I say straight up for point number one.
I apologize.
Number two, everybody lay off their show.
They're starting off their rookies.
They're going to get their feet under it.
And it's what everybody's going to be the biggest fan
of theirs six months from now.
And then they're going to say, oh, they got better.
No, but you finally got it is what's going to happen.
You caught up to lay off.
Frankly will be calling up later.
I look forward to that.
201, 209, 9368 is the number.
FMU are on the air.
Who's this Larry Larry the perv? Yeah
Nice to know you remember how you doing that Tom doing all right
All right, you do you do me if ever you say hi to Paul at Tom control me when it comes on give him a little shout out from
Larry perv
I'll get give him a shout out from Larry the perv. I'll be sure when he gets here to give him a shout out
Ah, thanks a lot, Tom.
Are you a big fan of his?
Yeah, I enjoyed his work on King of the Hill.
On King of the Hill? He is good on King of the Hill.
He was a one-appled vote type of deal, but he was very good.
He was a memorable.
He was good on King of the Hill.
Yeah.
Anyways, I'd like to vote for the mayor.
Do you want to vote? What's that?
I want to vote for the mayor race.
You want to vote for the mayor race?
Yeah.
he said you know we don't take uh... there's not a phone poll
there's not a phone election
you've got all of them
you've got over friends of tom dot com
with everybody to vote for michael
you want to vote for you so you're throwing your hat
you're you're going to work on michael
if michael was a running
we're going to have to be right in there
but there's michael the right and i can't do it to michael
i just got to tell everybody vote for michael there
let me just say i'm not kissing nobody's ring tonight people saying i'm
kissing it
now people kiss my ring
i'm still okay still top dog around here
all that we've got dog
he vote
great that's your he is your colon pal mike
he's your william heirs
your relationship with larry the perv
fm you you're on the air
i don't yes
hi how are you tonight i'm doing all right who's this
this is that from pella new york zack from pella new york very exciting
welcome to the program zack
oh thank you very much tom i i really enjoyed and uh... i'm just
for it to be uh... up this lake because i took the day off from work
tomorrow so i can actually listen to your show rather than being in bed
well i i appreciate that you didn't take off
uh... you didn't take a look for the show though did you know that you're
saying that
no no but it was it was something else i was looking for to have a big day ahead
of me tomorrow
but i was uh... you're looking forward to a live that show rather than just an
archive well i i hope to put on the best
show i can possibly do for you uh...
well it's always the best show
oh well thank you sakir your suite
oh yeah you know i mean i mean that the huge fan just it's uh...
it's really cool to actually be able to talk to you know i'm looking for to uh...
poll at thompkins but i've been a fan of his since mister show
and uh...
i've watched best week ever since the beginning so i mean i was a little
wary
when i heard of the format change but in his hands you know
it should be just fine
i'm sure will be so you were a thompkins ologist is what you're saying i don't
know i've certainly don't know as much as as you do
but uh... you know he's he's a good funny man and uh...
you know i i i like them and respect them
what question should i ask him when he gets here i have nothing
all i don't know i got nothing ready but i actually had questions for you i'm
not sure
but are you going to be up
and listen later want to call when he's on
i don't know what i would say to him i would probably just get even more
stage fright than i am just talking to you
just relax back
yeah i am i just you know
just just a little bit press
but possibly ask you a few questions if you don't mind
sure
just a few little things about the show i was wondering
well i absolutely this is the q and a portion of the program
okay when jerry sign felt a stand-up and he comes out afterwards
fields a few questions from the audience
i heard this uh... live tape of jerry sign felt that somebody got of him
doing stand-up
uh... came out of the end this problem with two thousand four two thousand five
yeah he comes out
after he does this thing about his observational stuff about uh...
you ever notice
what the deal children babies it's like half his act now it's like all about
kids and is about the chairs and and I'm telling it is it's mind-numbing how
how mundane it is like this you know this guy wants to write jokes about
porsches it's like that's all he can think it probably thinks of 20 Porsche
jokes and he's just like I can't do these Porsche jokes nobody's gonna get the
idea of trying to pick which portion should take out
what it's like having a uh...
uh... heated garage
you know when you go to your heated garage
and uh... and then the guy who runs the night shift there
is uh...
is not is not doing the nightly inspection of all the porches
on the knocking to get this
uh... so anyway either he that's neither here nor there
uh... but it was an observational material on your behalf about his
observational material thank you he's doing this thing he comes out at the
end of the thing
then he goes
was to some questions and answers
who cares
with this guy answers
and the question that
there's a two-way time for last
the questions were dumb
the answers were dumb
and what what what
questions you're gonna answer your favorite episode of sign felt some guy
yells out what's your favorite episode of Seinfeld and then he's like that's a
good question no it's not it's your favorite episode of Seinfeld it's a
very simple dumb question that you come up with and he takes he takes five
minutes to answer it taking us down memory lane about the one I stole the
bread from the old lady talking all about that and then somebody says there's no
joke there's one of the questions somebody yelled out
when does the new set of dvd's come out
no way no way to check that
and i was on
amazon tells you when things are coming out this guy needs to ask jerry sign
felt
when the new dvd's are coming out who probably doesn't know yet he didn't know
he had no idea and then i got it
you want to get my residual check that maybe i know that
then somebody finally asks him
to say hello newman
oh my god so then this guy does this set up ninety seconds of
well this is how it would go
this how i answered the door with newman
most boring it's guys going into the process
of what was like anything
one thing i don't want to hear pro you know if i'm hearing process from uh...
from uh...
rustle crow i'll take that
christian bail talk about how you lost ninety five pounds to do the
machine is
well they seem to lose ninety five pounds to see a movie that eleven people
saw
i don't want to hear process
from a guy who had a hard time playing jerry sinefeld
a guy named jerry sinefeld who was struggling mightily to portray jerry
sinefeld accurately
that's all about for the process and i opened the door
and i was open it wider when it was newman
differently when i opened it when it was a cramer
unbelievable and any deals hello newman
well that it is pretty and everyone shared everyone cheered
oh my god
on the low sick
or what other questions do you have for me
okay uh... quickly i guess they're both just parallels about uh...
different
uh... opposite reactions with phone calls
how you end them
i noticed that you can't get sometimes you can't make this little noise
i was wondering what that was all about it is that you just expect bad cause i
wanted to get called to surprise what is that noise like i'm not i don't know
this noise is like that
yet
i don't know if it's not just me
i'm just me
it's like jazz when i'm here
but
it's like that song what's that uh...
john called train song like that's like bambit or lint
or all that's like that's all of them sorry but but
it's like i'm just freestyle and then whatever happens happens
that's right for us with the callers
you know i mean the call it goes
if this was music serious calls going to happen and and and and i go
and i don't know about
like i'm answering with that
i got it on response
we're talking to each other
but the sounds not uh...
not notes
that works
you believe that
i believe it totally
and then the other one
is i hope i hope not to find out uh...
first-hand personally i hope i'm not send myself up walking into a trap
when you in the past gone somebody or currently he post someone yes they
actually hear you say that you cut them off and then it's just kind of a
an emotional statement
to share with uh... in the listeners who are still uh...
still there
so you want to know if uh... when somebody gets heave hoe
whether they can hear it
heave hoe
you tell me now
think the answer is no
i don't think they can hear it
i had to do it
nice young man
very respectable
i had to have to give them the boot
jeepers creepers what's going on
hey people want to know what happened with the phone call last week the woman
who called
claiming she was uh... suffering from down syndrome and then said she was hiv
positive also
entertained that call
that was a uh... somebody's idea of a joke
i will not revisit that person's uh... calls and i will not play anything from
that person's band than the upcoming reissues because that's not how I play it
here that's not how I play it good guy here good guy I make fun of someone with
Down syndrome you ever hear the show is that what we do here is that what I do
here Mike thanks Mike one time I'm gonna secretly record Mike out there the
three hours at mike does
just to hear the show he's doing out there
fm you you're on the air
hi uh... this is com
yes it is who's it okay my name is that most of all
and i just want to say you are making a day because this is the second time
we're talking about jerry fine field and uh...
just don't follow the way you could decide in
you like that
uh... really i do
i'm i'm i'm i'm glad you like it so uh... what are what are you up to
tonight most of the this is the second time you are talking about about him
right
it's just so that i follow your show every time even though
uh... one time you hang up on me
because you thought that i was taking my accent but this is how i talk you know
where you're calling from most of uh...
sorry where you're calling from
i'm calling from the city from Manhattan from Manhattan
yes but i'm i live in jersey jersey city all right it's nice right jersey city
the silver city
that's my my hometown
i love jersey city
i love it
you got it figured out moustafa
you live in jersey you go take their new york money
that's how you do it
of course here this is where you come home to
peace of mind
sanity
we know that in jerry we don't have that kind of money to have in the city
well just like to you know
with the wealth exactly
we're slobs here right
but you know what we are good people in jersey
we are good people here
yes good honest people
that's true this is you know this is uh... the reality people are very very
kind and night
and uh...
the last word here i've been in jersey
i felt like i've been there forever
on that's that's we were where were you before new jersey
uh... i was back home in africa in morocco
okay
that's what i'm from morocco and while you came over twelve years ago
yes sir
and what what are you what are you what are you doing with yourself uh... these
days moustafa
uh... actually uh...
doing with myself a lot of things but uh...
what i do for a living here in the city and i'm driving a taxi cab
and i make people listen to you every turdic
heh heh heh heh
well thank you i am i appreciate it moustafa
and but you know what uh... the topic is very nice and the people who call
Also are nice and
Even though sometimes you go angry. I know you are nice from inside, but this is just like, you know
You want to know what moustafa? You're right. I got to stop being less angry. I
Gotta get myself a heart attack here. I'm doing this for free and sometimes I live here
I live here. I believe here. It's like I want to go
I want to go like flip a car over and set a house on fire like I want to start a riot like
a team won a championship. If you're all wound up ready to destroy the earth, I gotta
calm down. You're right, Mustafa. No, I mean, like, you know, you can't tell that when
people are not like, I'm not really angry from inside, but just like, you know, just
whatever they are talking about or whatever happened at that moment, it makes them like,
you know, react in a way that, you know, it's supposed to be because we are, I mean, like
you are on a radio
you're right i'd you know i need to i need to get it in perspective right
how do you keep cool
you've seen a lot of stuff in your life you move from one side of the world
and about it
um... the only way to keep cool is just to like you know go
uh... deep deep into yourself and see do i really
have to react to why
everybody else react if they are in this situation you're right
like when somebody like stiff to you on a fair of like some kind of guy
run down your cab
how do you stay cool
i'm assuming i have to try to run them all the way that where i can manage
taking care of the situation i would take care of it like you know
they can tell that like you know uh... in any
way i can't but if it is like it's not worth it to be like in trouble for my
Probably $20, $10.
Just let it go.
That's what I gotta do.
Because you know what, this is how you win.
You just get over it.
You just ignore it like nothing happened at all.
You are right.
Why have I been doing this with myself?
I put myself like I'm in a ringer every week.
But you know what?
I think we need someone to do what you are doing,
honestly, you know?
Hold on a second.
So you need not to be like the-
You need not to be like the-
Only one once a week.
I have to be like the-
Like I'm like Batman then is what you're saying.
I'm like the Batman of Negativity.
I need to be negative for everyone else.
But the thing is that you have not.
By just doing that, you'll be positive, you know?
Yes.
I think I understand.
Mustafa.
Yes, sir.
I appreciate this call more than you'll ever know.
Thank you so much.
You have a great night.
Me too.
Just gotta let it go.
I feel like somebody just took a backpack off my back.
You hear that, Mike?
I just gotta let it go.
Speaking of let it go.
I got no transition for that.
I'm gonna, you know who's here?
Paul F. Tompkins is here.
I'm gonna turn your mic up.
Let's see, it's mic time.
Hello, Paul F. Tompkins.
Welcome to WFM, you can thank you for coming back.
So thank you.
Thank you for having me.
It's always fun to be here.
Oh, well, that's sweet of you to say.
So anyway, doesn't cost nothing.
And it's the truth.
You're here.
You're not just here.
You're not just swinging by to say hi, though.
No, you are actually coming.
And look, there's not Jay Leno,
where people only come by when it's time to promote stuff.
Exactly.
Because if you've ever seen anybody go on a talk show
just, I'm just here.
Figured I'd just come by and say hi, Jay.
Nobody wants to do that.
Guy wants to go.
Yeah, hey, George Clooney's here.
Anything you want to come up?
Figured I just swing by and I felt like coming out here
for 15 minutes.
I just love crudite and telling stories.
But you, which is very exciting, you
are going to be, as of this Friday, the host of Best
Week Ever on VH1.
That is true.
This is a big format change for the program.
I've been on the show since 2004.
Yes, which initially you're talking
about in the previous incarnation,
which would have been a series of panelists.
What were you called?
What did you call yourselves?
We, I guess we called ourselves panelists.
We were often, most often referred to as talking heads.
There was a term briefly that did not catch on,
which was video it's no no worse than that
worse than worse than i thought i was going to get you mad with the video
no i guess i kind of coped that
i i turned that somebody tried to get going which did not uh catch fire yeah
was fund it
it's like fund it i'm glad that didn't get but they're not talking about serious
not exactly for around yeah yeah so so you were a
panelist we're going to we're not even going to call you a fund it
I'm not gonna go anywhere near the heavens. No, you were a panelist on best week ever. Where would be?
For people who are not up to speed and what best week ever is or was or is going to or will be or will be as
It was foretold by Nostradamus. It was a show
Where there would be some an announcer?
Who would set the table? Oh, you're gonna walk through it like like beat by beat
I'm just giving people the broad stroke sure sure sure sure and announce it would go. It sounds like a very fine stroke. Actually, okay
Maybe it is not a broad I would say it was like a wrap up of the week and pop culture
That is a broad stroke you're saying rock of love ends then there's a brief moment of black on the screen
Well actually production companies credits pop up then credits get pushed over to the right third of the screen
top half of the second third of the screen is
some video from a thing. Bottom half of the two thirds of the screen is a graphic or a
chiron for the dates you can see things coming up. Then, in an explosion of color and sound,
best week ever, jumps onto your TV screen every Friday night at 11 o'clock. And there
was an announcer who'd go, hey Lindsey Lohan's doing the ba ba ba. And then they would cut
to a few different people right who would comment on things and they have of which you were one of
but now that was then this is now yes now it's you no one answer no there's still gonna be the
okay still an announcer but all those all those other things that you described up to the explosion
of color okay will still be happening okay but now it's you driving the bus and it's you commenting
on the things. Is that what an episode is going to be? It's going to be you out there
mentioning something in the Heidi and Spencer, for example.
Yes, that's right. Like you'd mentioned them and then you would be the one saying that
they're hilarious or you can't get enough of pictures of them, then pumpkin picking or whatever.
Exactly. Exactly. I will be, yes, I will be setting up the topics and then doing the
lion's share of the commentary. Yes. Who will be carrying the other portion? If you're
carrying the lion's share of it, who will be providing the remainder?
Well, we will be, some of the panelists, most of the panelists, I think, are still going
to be part of the show from time to time. All right. And we'll be doing produced bits
with them, so it's going to be overall a much more written show. Not that it wasn't written before,
but it was the illusion of people just ad-living. Yes. But it was comedians who wrote jokes,
so now it's going to be much more me talking to the camera and then say a Doug Benson. Yes.
We'll do a bit where he makes fun of some other stuff. Yes, so basically
Basically, what was formerly background is now foreground, as Robert Evans said, background
makes foreground.
You know, he said, and you might appreciate this as somebody who is a fancy dresser.
He wears a tie, he gets a couple compliments on it, first thing he does, puts it in the
shredder.
That's right.
The shredder.
The dumbest.
What tie shredder did this guy have?
Well, I guess if you have that much money, you know, you can you start looking around for accessories like that
It'd be a new tie shredder. We're a little like this time. Where are we? How are we gonna shredder?
Put this tie in the shred, baby. I was doing all kinds of ties come through all kinds of necks
Background equals foreground
putting the shredder
This guy was he stomping home put this tie in the shredder
well I and he probably did it himself I bet he didn't pass it off to a servant
to do like he enjoyed it he probably had a paper shredder and he was probably
putting a tie in it and then some some you know assistant or whatever would
have to go like shows up in the morning seats is tie sticking half out of a
paper shredder it's all mangled and it's stuck the red light is on on the paper
for shredder
robert i just want to just remind you one more time
this is for uh... paper and you know documents that we need to shred up
it's not for clothing so uh...
was wrong with the tite shredder by isn't working
i tried to read two times people can come from some
and also
is anybody complimenting this guy's ties
the worst dresser i've ever seen well there i think they're searching for
something to say
like other than oh you're still alive yeah exactly or did you put a curse on
me yeah when they see him they think it was just the stage play of thinner
it's about due for a of a legit theater production is a thinner yeah Lance
Hendricks is too big a name they're gonna get Robert Evans to make his return to
I think it would be a dramatic play, Tom Stoppard to take a crack at it.
What about like an opera?
They made a Dracula opera.
I like the opera.
That would be good.
Then I would be guaranteed to never see thinner on stage in any
incarnation.
Mike, these calls, am I going to regret either of them?
the
old mike and i can regret either of these calls
that might have asked that i don't know if you are i want to say first of all
we have paul f thompkins live in the studio at best we can ever
the new incarnation paul f thompkins
it's best we can ever with paul f thompkins yeah
I'm gonna start the show without you on the pH one. It's like a train. It's right. It starts. That's right. It's leaving the station.
And I also want to say later in the show, I'm going to have Frangry calling from Shut Up Weirdo. And I'm going to do this periodically. Just so no one misses it.
I would sincerely like to apologize to Frangry and to Andy. I misplayed my teasing of them and I do regret it.
My teasing of them, and I do regret it. It's for angry her real name
We'll find out she'll be I know a bit. I bet her name is something like Sally
I'm not going to do anything that even remotely resembles teasing. I'm not even teasing. No, no
That's an honest speculation. No, I know you're not. I'm just saying I bet her name is something close to Sally
Well, we will find out. We'll see what you know what she chooses to talk about on the air
I welcome her call later in the show and I do again
and respectfully apologize to shut up weirdo.
FM you, you're on the air.
Hi Tom.
Hi Paul.
Oh hi.
It's an honor to speak to you, Paul of Tomkins.
I love your comedy very much.
Who is this?
This is Corey.
Corey from?
San Francisco.
San Francisco, big comedy city.
You need it is?
Let's try it, it is.
We love Paul here.
Paul, I had a question about best week ever.
Sure.
i wanted to know
uh... what's the uh...
the ratio of the stuff written that the actual comedian right
versus a team of writers
and i want to know if rangela
is that funny in real life
uh... you're talking about the the original incarnation of the show right
i would say either either or
yeah i i would say it varies from
from episode episode there's some episodes where it's uh...
it's a lot of the the comedian stuff and then there's some where the the
angle is a bit more specific on the on the topic
that it becomes a much more written thing
i think it's usually tell
you might be able to
it's tough to think they kept you guessing
and frangela
frangela this is a way to cut their delightful i i i do hope that they will
be back in some form we will do something fun with frangela
that's good art before i go i just like to say i'm glad we're getting a lot of
old pft back
looks like you're getting a little too skinny there for a while paul but i'm
glad to see that you're coming back
also you're saying uh... looks like i'm getting some weight
in a good way buddy
well thanks cori and who it was you are a creepy thanks
what is it
uh...
what a delight to speak with the world from san francisco and i was about to
say to you
you look fantastic thank you i do
you do look fantastic
i have not seen you this thing
you're not a you're not able to put on an ounce
He might have been talking about root of all evil,
for which I was kind of fat.
That was my last big TV appearance, I think.
What's this guy?
Where you got to look at?
I know.
Well, why would you ever take the chance
on saying that to someone that you do not know.
Which lets someone do you see every day?
Because everybody knows how hard it is to put weight on
when you get older.
It's so hard for all.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I want to congratulate you.
You've figured out you somehow you've cracked the code
on weight gain.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
What are you doing?
Oh, it's like at least a milkshake a week.
Wow, any specific flavor or?
Oh, no, any flavor will do.
And now, are you eating at different times of the day?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Like sometimes I'll eat, I'll eat really late at night
and then go to bed immediately.
Oh, okay.
And then, yeah, then I wake up, yeah, then I wake up
too late to exercise the next day.
So that's my plan.
What's wrong with that guy?
Somebody said, look.
Kids say the darnest things adults say the rudest thing. That is the truth. Oh, so this is what somebody emailed me last week
I'm gonna try to find this and this is this is a nice guy who wrote this, but still I've got to say nice guy
Insane that you wrote me this
Let me find this and this person will know who he is when he hears this yes, and again. I use this guys
This guy's a nice guy
But I got to say I gotta know some some some I've got to have a toe a toe in reality, right?
But Fred Armisen's Obama impression if Fred Armisen was on this show, right friend of the show
Yes, he writes that Fred Armisen's Obama impression could use a little bit of jello pudding Arab bill Cosby thrown in
To the mix to the exaggerated serious since he's been doing lately. Maybe I'm wrong since
it's almost an a b since mister armorson's been on your show i figured i'd
pass it your way
on the outside chance the idea might make it his way
so the idea is you go to friends say hey Fred
in your uh... obama impression thing you've been doing front of uh... fifteen
million people a week yeah have you thought about injecting a little uh...
bill Cosby jello pudding yeah uh... vibe to it
uh... yeah Fred we're going to need to crack that obama impression open
there's something a little uh...
you're you're you're you got you're almost there with it buddy
you're almost there
i think we if we if we kind of uh...
we kind of uh... tag team this thing
we can uh...
we can try to take it from good to great yet what if you threw in
uh...
like another black dude's voice
granted does not sound anything like barack obama
but does share come with him uh... being black
Let me just one second.
B-Boom.
Glink, dank, tube, <E.D.>
That's right, by shown W-F-M-U.
Back again, this is W-F-M-U, East Orange.
W-X-H-D, Mountain Hope.
World wide on the world wide web at wfmu.org. My name is Tom Sharpeling. I'm the host of the best show in WFMU joined in studio
by the one and only Paul F. Tompkins who
Is going to be the host of the best of best week ever with a featuring Paul of Tom or with Paul of Tompkins
Yes, Paul best week ever with Paul F. Tompkins will be on this
This Friday starting the new the new incarnation of best week ever starts this
Friday 1024
FMU you're on the air. Yeah I want to hear double vision. I'm sorry. Double
vision. Double vision. Yeah. The foreigner. Yeah. Um I kind of not playing records
right now really. I know if we're gonna get to double vision. All right have a
grand illusion. I'm not I'm probably not gonna play any sticks either. All right
how about four play a long time. What's that? Four play a long time. I'm not sure
what that what is that
crack a million selling debut album much it doesn't sound like you do what what
is it
boston
boston
foreplay long time i don't even know what that is
it's been such a long time i think i should be galling
time doesn't wait for me and i leave it all behind me i gotta do it but you've
heard it
i don't even know that song that's on boston's debut album
okay well i'm so i'm sorry i i'm not familiar with that i don't want to get
to play any of these things for you didn't walk
why not
cuz i'm kind of doing a talk thing here not really doing uh...
i'm sorry
you have time
you have time for a celebrity i guess not
well i'm sorry
i said i figured you have time to talk to a celebrity i get you don't
i'll talk to you later i don't know hold on i'm curious now you've
you've picked my curiosity
you're a celebrity
can i ask who
uh...
i'll give you uh... i'll give you a hint
okay
probably the most famous guy in the world right now
the most famous guy in the world right now
yuppers yeah i have no idea who you could possibly be
uh... watch the news lately doesn't feel like you do
i i do watch the news i'm not sure who you are though
uh... i'll give you my initials
j
t p
j t p
i'm not i'm not placing it
joe the plumber
hold on this is joe the plumber
it sure is yeah
excited should be
um... um
you know what i kind of am excited
yeah you should be
okay well i am
what uh... to what do i owe the pleasure of of your call tonight
all well you know uh... you know since i've i've sort of exploded uh... you know
i've been trying to get uh...
you know some quality face time
you know just just all the media outlets and uh...
really want to connect with the younger kids you know
i went online and uh... i was i was searching uh...
info
and your station came up as one of the biggest high school stations in the
the northeast
this is Tom Sharpling?
Yes.
Oh, this is not a high school station, though.
Really?
Yeah, really.
It's not a high school.
But I mean, it's not like you're using one of those voice
modulators, are you?
No, I'm not using a voice modulator.
Sounds like it.
So this thing nuts, or what?
This whole Joe the Plumber thing?
Yeah, it's pretty awesome, right?
Yeah, I guess so.
Yeah, I guess it is kind of awesome.
you know what they were actually uh... talking about replacing sweet cakes
with me
sweet cake who uh... sarah palin
yeah peltin comparison that's what i call her
they're actually talking about replacing
wow i i didn't
they're making up these uh... the became plumber signs
it's uh... really
oh yeah
may have production and then that that dink uh... more rimbley said no
more rimbly more than one of the higher-ups in the in the republican party
uh-huh I hate that guy
mort rimbly
yeah
mitt romney
who's that?
I think that's who you're the name you're trying to say
what's his name?
mitt romney
like mittens?
no, mitt his name
that's the dumbest name I've ever heard
well that's his name
not mort rimbly
hang on bro
hang on
I'm trying to, you know, get some more face time. Like I said, I'm trying to confirm some stuff.
Go ahead, O'Brien, read you some Kelly. It's weird. A bunch of them are saying no.
They're saying no to you. Yeah.
Yeah. Being on the show, people are not into it.
I don't know. I mean, wouldn't you think they'd all want me?
You'd think. I would think that you'd at least, you're kind of making a pass through a little bit.
like what do you mean
it's like you know you're fifteen minutes of fame kana you know you're you're
you're kind of in the headlines so to speak
oh yeah i know i'm going to be forever probably don't you think
do i think you're going to be famous forever yeah yeah
i'd like point to get right
i don't know if all signs point that you mean at what level of famous you mean
just like
part of the the lore of what the two thousand eight campaign was
no like lenno famous i guess
i'm not i'm not sure about that joe i don't know if that's gonna happen
wait what
yeah i'm i'm just not sure if
you're gonna be uh...
if you're gonna be j-lenno famous
wait to hear all the product i'm launching this week
like what
uh... j-t-p-coosies bobble heads lunch boxes
i got a whole line to j-t-p-p-andies
joe the plumber candy
oh yeah plumbing related chocolate
i don't know if anybody would want that i don't know what great great in the
shape of tools
pipes
there's even a budget like it did it okay i mean why there's a toilet yeah
like candy toilet i don't know if anybody's going to want that
it's perfect for parties
well how big is it
if it's life size is like a little like the size of a regular toilet so you're
gonna mark it like joe the plumber
Candies including a full-sized toilet. Yeah. Why that? Well, I you're I don't know if that's gonna work
Well, you know, it's not every day that you go to a party and get to eat a toilet
You know, I never thought I'd hear anybody ever say that but you're that's true
Which do you feel my Halloween costume?
Well, what are you going as? No, no, it's of me you jerk. Oh, I'm sorry. You mean one of you
yeah you know i'm actually i'm actually kind of peoed what was that
well you know i i tried to sell wal-mart on the idea of a but they said they
already lost a lot of money on this
costume by this guy named michael chicklett
a few years ago
on the costume of him i guess
a michael
well that i'm just shocked doubly shocked now
that they're doing a costume of you and that they did a costume of michael
chickless well i don't get what the diff
what it is i mean i guess he's like a big chicklet box or something
no he's an actor he was on the shield
all over the ball okay it makes sense to me now okay yeah
because they said that
they only want to stock one ball guy costume
and i guess that uncle uncle festive from the adam's family
yet uncle what
michael festive
is that it's fester
now i'm going to say that it was he on the monsters
that i don't know he was on the monsters he was on the atom's family not the
monsters ok
well
you know you're going to love
what's that show
my rookie card
yeah
well wrote what you mean like a baseball card
kind of but but it's it it uh... it's an erotic uh...
plumb and trading card
the whole of that back up for a second
uh...
use any erotic
yeah plumbing
yeah trading card
i have no idea what the what that even is
well um... it's if the line i'm launching uh... it's uh... it's through uh...
uh... gents and uh... true value
true value hardware
oh yeah right that you're saying and gents what is that an adult magazine
oh yeah yeah one of the better ones it's uh... it's the router of arrows uh...
line
uh... trading card
some really so
gents is going into business with true value
oh yeah yeah to do a series of trading cards
yeah yeah that are alternately i guess about
tools or or or but pull you know uh... you know uh... a handyman
no tool that's right
that's a lot of that's a lot
we're all adults here except for you like if you're a child with that
voice modulator no i'm not a child
if there's someone there with you right
yeah there is
it's like a paul l thompson what does it
yeah paul paul f thompkins from days of our lives
it's actually
uh... best week ever best week ever is the name of the show
it's not a part of the
no that's a that's a soap opera so long-running soap opera <E.D.> because i was
going to
i got all these all the p p i d s in the works i wanted to get on that
as like a recurring character on day of our lives what's your show called
uh... best week ever
what do you do
well we talk about just uh... stuff that happened in the week pop culture that
sort of thing
so i guess like the
the past week was all about me
well we did talk about you
actually uh... last week on our show you
what would you say
all you know just how you were very popular and a lot of people were
talking about you got mention the debate so much and everything
but i know it was insane love it yeah
but i think it wasn't saying
thanks for pushing uh... my brand
uh... i mean i thought it was more just news not necessarily highlighting a
brand that you've got one endorsing anyone really know it's just uh...
commenting on something
wait for you were pushing the plumber brand
not as such no i wouldn't see we did that i mean we we mentioned your name
all thanks
now you know you know you're saying something that you were uh... you
You had something ready for Days of Our Lives?
Well yeah, I wanted to like, you know, be a recurring character, Jack the Plumber.
On Days of Our Lives.
Yeah, yeah.
So Joe the Plumber.
Yeah.
You were going to play a character named Jack the Plumber.
Yeah, it can't be me.
You know, I can't play myself.
No, no, of course not.
Yeah, that would be like, I guess that would be like an invasion of copyright.
If you portrayed yourself.
yeah
yeah and you know i'm actually operating joe the plumber and the word plumber
separately
all of you
your copywriting joe the plumber
which okay
that's what they were trying you're trying to copyright just the word plumber
yeah i am
well i don't know if i i don't think you're going to hold a lot of luck with that
what why not
well because it's kind of been around um...
much longer the concept of being a plumber has been around
much longer than you have
oh jesus
with the tone both you guys
i'm getting mad
uh... i'm sorry joe just that you're i think you're
your expectations and the kind of uh...
plans here a little off target because you know i mean what jerks
i'm so that you got
you guys keep giving me attitude
i'm going to hit you right in the face with
that one
that one tool i have that
have that uh...
that weird uh...
like it's like a pinwheel
kind of thing that uh...
you know you screwed it opens up up and then you get around the pipe
yeah but i think i believe that you
are you describing you don't know the name of that tool
uh...
i want to say it's like uh...
monkey wrench
yes yes
well that's right now it's a quick is it a credit wrench
one of the wrenches that really
because i'm just remembering that you are not even a plumber
right isn't it what it is i am
what i am
okay uh... i thought i thought i was here okay i'm sorry
proceed
the proceed
okay i guess
i'm going to proceed i was saying
your expectations of your at this career you're talking about i think are a
little
off-target
no they're not
well you know if i mean i'm i'm leaving the plummeting behind
oh obvious obviously
i mean you're uh... your sidekick there's been talking about me all all week on
his show uh...
so generous uh... representation of it i think
uh...
shows all you know
sorry
speaking representation
guess who had an agent
you
uh... will you say you've got an agent in the last
few days absolutely yeah
and guess uh... who had to really big audition uh... this weekend
out in law can i guess uh...
yeah you can get sure
is it yet yet
is it you joe
yes i think it is
when he was paul
so you have an audition
okay
what what are you brothers what's that
common brothers
the common brothers
yeah i don't know who the coleman brothers are really i've heard of a little
movie called my brother left
i'm sorry what
my brother left
my brother left
yeah it takes place in like the old days when people played banjo's and
saying like
gospel songs
are you said oh brother where are now
what that i think that's probably the movie you're talking about
oh okay the co-ed the co-ed brothers yeah it's not the coleman brothers
okay i'll make a note of this
that's good to know that i want but they're gonna go up
a rick colman
big fan
uh... i don't know if it
i think it's a jole and ethan not rick
what do you think the other ones name is
i want to say
bradford
it's not rick and bradford colman it's like that
so it's cut it's cohen
the c o e and
who okay so they're up
they're like one of the boys
Yes, they're one of them. Okay, great. Okay. There you go. One of the boys
Anyway, so I got this audition. Yeah
This new flick and they're not going to send me a script because I guess it's not done yet or something. Yeah
And I'm gonna be honest with both you guys. Yeah, I've never really acted except for that one film
I rather not talk about
Okay, but it can't be too hard, right acting is acting hard
I think acting can be hard if you if you if you're not really an actor. Yes, it's very difficult. I think well
Here's what I'm doing. I've been practicing
You know just kind of like doing doing scenes from memory like in the mirror
Mm-hmm, you know like the one in uh, Scarface
Yeah, where he goes get ready to meet my little friend. Yeah get ready. Yeah, I think it's okay
I think it's say hello to my little friend, yeah, that's how I remember it. Yeah, okay
Well, anyway, so I went on on this actor site like to find like scripts and stuff like or how to act good
Uh-huh, you know, so and everyone was raving about this this movie called Glenn Gary Glen Ross
Uh-huh, and so I downloaded the scene from it. Yeah, and
Would you like run a scene with me?
Well, I don't
Let me just do it.
Well, can you email it to me?
I actually just did.
I got your email in that database thing.
I found about the high school stations.
Hold on one second.
Should be coming up there.
Yes, OK.
I do have it, actually.
Wow, this is kind of, well, this scene has a lot of language
we can't use on the radio.
Oh, we'll change it.
I'll don't worry about that.
So I guess there's like, there's four characters, there's Glenn and there's Gary, how about
I'll be Glenn and Gary and you'd be Glenn with two ends and Ross, how about that?
Well the scene I'm looking, well first of all those are not characters in the movie,
there's no one named Glenn or Gary or a Glenn with two ends or Ross in the movie.
Yeah.
Oh you're right, William, son and Levine.
Yeah, and I can I just ask you to swap out. Oh, yeah, that word like oh absolutely
Yeah, no, I would never what would you swap it out with? How about how about fun fun? Yeah
How about?
Yeah, how about forget
How about forget okay forget? I do forget that sounds good. Yeah, I just need to keep it extra clean. Yeah, okay
Okay.
Who am I now?
William.
You'll be Williamson.
Okay.
And I'll be Levine.
Okay.
And this is a scene from Glenn Gary Glen Ross.
This is Tom here.
I'm Tom.
And I'm with Joe the plumber who's working on some audition for the Coleman Brothers.
I guess the Cohen Brothers.
Okay.
Are you ready to start?
Joe?
Yeah.
So I'm Williamson.
Okay.
Okay.
Murray said.
Forget him.
Forget Murray! John, you know? You tell him I said so. What does he know? He's going to have a sales contest?
You know what our sales contest used to be? Money. A fortune. Money. Lying on the ground. Murray?
When was the last time he went out on a sit? Sales contest is laughable. It's cold out there. John's tight. Money's tight. This ain't 65, it ain't.
It just ain't CC. Now I'm a good man, but I need a...
uh...
murray said
uh... john
uh... will you wait a second will you please wait a second shelly
please uh... murray murray told me uh... the hot leads
uh... forget this
is this
that's a book nevermind okay
uh... the
shelly
uh... the hot leads are assigned according to the board
during the contest period
any anybody who anyone who beats fifty per
that's forgotten
that's forgotten
you don't look at the forgotten percentage and look at the
gross
why are you reading a line
i'm so sorry either way you're out
i'm not
yes
i'll tell you why i'm out
i'm out you're giving me toilet paper john
I've seen these leads.
I saw them when I was at homestead.
We pitched those C's Rio Rancho, 1969.
They couldn't buy a forgotten toaster.
They broke, John.
They're cold.
They're dead beats.
And you can't judge on that.
Even so, even so.
All right, fine, fine, even so.
I go in four forgotten leads.
They got their money in a sock.
their forgotten pollock john
or leave that close to
if you've got
they kicked out
they all kick out
i'm now bad thing that night
uh...
can i give you some notes on it
short short
it didn't sound like you had a consistent uh... voice
in that
you didn't
of course i did
well you were kind of all over itself like a one point you sounded like
that you're doing a
mexican accent and another point sounded kind of like a vampire
yeah i was i was in a mexican and then a vampire why
well that's not exactly i'm sure that the coen brothers are gonna
when you're doing a scene from glenn gary glenn rossen out looking for someone
to come in and do uh...
who can even maintain the same voice
uh... it's called range ever heard of it
don't know if you do
uh... um...
so i didn't know so that's what you were going for what you ruin the scene
i've ruined it
yeah i think it was already ruined
by by me
by the writer
of other writer david mad
yeah where's the helicopter
well i don't know what you're talking about
helicopter hover over the drug world compound
but that's it that's not one
a story about
salesmen
at boring
what
what
No, it's, well, it's, I can see you having elements of that, but it also should be about machine gunning bad guys from a helicopter.
Glenn Gary, Glenn Ross should be. Yeah, yeah. It's, it's not going to be. Sorry.
Well, you know what my, my big concern is? What's that?
Once I score this, this role? Yeah. Joe.
I'm, I'm going to be typecast as the bald guy.
Oh, so you're already, you're, you're looking that far down the line.
oh yeah
pass getting the job
i've got the job pretty much when you think
that that reading
for that reading um...
well you know let's move let's let's just say for argument sake
right you got the job
the cohen brothers love your work
okay
and now you're worried about being type cast
i don't know what to uh... what to to tell you about that i i don't know if
you can exactly worry about that too much
of you know
it would think because i'm not really ball that's a big thing
uh... you're a way you're not bald
now no no
uh... i'm pretty sure your ball that's seen you
on t.v.
yeah it's a ball wig
that's a ball wig
the mikvane people made me wear it
the who
mikvane mikvane mikvane
yeah
you're not even sure of the guy's name
now that's my nickname for mikvain all mikvain why does he want you to wear a
bald wig
because he doesn't want anyone you know like associated with with his
campaign or whatever
uh...
to be more attractive than him
real when they have you know when i hired me to do that that photo op with
oblama
they said that uh... they like me but i i had to look
that it was either the either the bald wig or the uh... or like a big
scour my face
so you went with the bald wig
yeah yeah so you actually have a full head of hair
absolutely yeah yeah okay
that's a that's a little bit of a shocker
i can't wait to lose this
so who loses
mccain
well uh... so you're on his
campaign team though
well i mean i'm getting paid by but i'm not voting for him you're getting paid
by him
oh yeah how much is he paying you
uh...
so far i've gotten like like fifty girl
Really yeah, yeah, and I'm probably gonna get like a hundred seventy four. Yeah a hundred seventy five
So you're gonna walk away with two hundred twenty five grand at least yeah
Yeah, and I'm I'm my agent is actually shooting for royalties on on these commercials and stuff and also like every mention of my name
Mm-hmm. Yeah, he's gonna try to get that for you individuals. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I good luck on that. Yeah
You know I'm actually voting for who?
I'm you're voting for you. I'm starting a writing campaign for myself.
What? What grounds do you have to believe that you're the right guy to actually be president?
I'm kidding. I'm not really doing that. That's stupid. Okay.
I can't run for president in there at the same time.
You're running for mayor of what? Are you strapped in?
Yes. You got your plumbing helmet on? Sure, I do. All right. I'm throwing my sewage
slathered crescent wrench into the ring for the Newbridge Mayuponatorial
election. Wow. I'm getting you touched on the wire, yeah. You are getting into the
wire. Yeah, yeah. So for the final two weeks of the election, people have a
chance to vote for Joe the plumber now. Oh, yeah. Yeah, it's gonna be great. You
you know what would be great for everybody in that
what the town called
new bridge
new bridge
not familiar with it
not i don't know if it's in new jersey or something yes it's in new jersey so
you actually trying to be mayor of a town
you're not even sure where it is well you know
you know i promise everybody
what's that
let's pledge toilet
in every bathroom
what you mean that candy toilet nobody wants
nobody's going to want that everybody wants that after a friend there
in the soap opera from the soap are you mean from as we get out from a soap
opera
well what's the question do i want a fudge toilet
yeah yeah i i i i i'll pass yeah thank you and nobody he did
no i understand i understand what i think that nobody very at the very least
that's too much fudge
are you guys think
rude
all right well I want my name on that ballot yeah your name will be on the
ballot as of tonight Joe okay we'll be on the ballot all right look out I'm
coming all right people I'm gonna beat I'm gonna beat you guys with a fudge
um what did you call that thing monkey wrench monkey wrench yes be you with
that all right wow Joe the Palmer very exciting all right good night guys oh
Oh, good.
And I thank you for calling, Joe.
Oh, shut up.
Wow.
So polite up to that point.
It was a little hostile.
Well, that's exciting.
Joe, the plumber, is in the race now
for mayor of Newbridge.
Holy moly.
How are we going to get to know him?
I mean, it's two weeks before the election.
It's really when McCain picked Palin, you know,
and then no interviews, nothing.
he might just be counting on pure honeymoon
though rare right joe the plumber
fm here
hello
hi this time yes it is
on this is jack from portland or again
jack from portland or again how are you tonight
i'm very good and hello paul also
hello jack
hi i thought your special on uh...
company central the other day it was very good
uh... well minor paul
paul
paul i'm sorry
it was it's probably a rerun i'm sure i'm sure it will thank you very much i
appreciate it it was pretty good though
all the reason i'm calling i guess
is uh...
i i i i wanted to uh...
i don't know i'm very nervous i've never called before
anyway i got this rolling stone thing
called uh... shine light
the martin scorsese documentary
Yeah, and yeah, and anyway, before I got it, I'd read a bunch of reviews on this thing.
And the critics, one of the things that the critics kept saying was keep smokes, be warned to keep smokes.
Be warned.
Be warned.
And you don't want to know.
And some critic even wrote like an entire paragraph on the way keeps smokes.
I don't know which is worse. Keith Richards still smoking or people writing about it like it's cool. I
Think it's just Keith, right
But anyway, you so the movie comes on and there's the you know rated PG 13 thing comes up and it says you know
Of course language dot it out and smoking
So that wow Keith's gonna be smoking a lot like I figured he's gonna be chain smoking or it's a make for it to make the
the uh... the actual warning at the beginning of the movie
yeah i think anybody's gonna watch that and go
like oh man he looks so cool
that weird monster smoking
but the rip-off is
so far he's only smoked twice
and how far into it are you
and most of the way through this thing
i think
a good hour and a half into it
how long is it you know
I don't know, a little over two hours, I think, a little over two hours.
Call back next week with the second half of the movie review.
Unless he's for that.
That caught up with half a movie review.
What am I supposed to do with that?
I'm trying to make a point, but he's only seen half the movie to make his point.
Hello, brother.
Maybe he felt he had seen enough to make his point.
He might have thought.
uh... he must have expected a lot more smoking from keith richard's yeah
given that warning
also who reads that warning
why would you read p t-thirties lady to see
well you know unless you're a parent why are you reading that warning is an
adult
as an adult what's he concerned about
all right i'm going to go to phone now
i'd like to welcome to the show
uh... special uh... guest
Somebody who a fellow DJ on the station, the co-host of the Friday night program on 6 to 7 p.m.
Eastern Standard Time, the show called Shut Up Weirdo.
I'd like to welcome Frankery to the program. Is this you, Frankery?
It is me.
How are you?
It is I. Hello, Tom Shuckling.
How are you tonight?
I'm fantastic. Nice to meet you, finally.
Yes, it is nice to meet you as well. First of all, let me just say straight off.
Uh oh. I hold no ill will against you. I don't either.
You don't hold any ill will against your own. No, I hope we can be friends.
We already are friends. Are we? Yes. Good.
This is where this all started. I'll explain this so that nobody
miss a construes this any which way
please do it on please
i'm here doing my show every week
for years i'm doing the show
then i read the new schedule
and see this show show i do what i do to every new schedule
and make fun of it
of course
is a new show
saying i'll we do the civilized talk shown station
how can i not
He's that hey, I'm with you make fun of it. I understand no, but you know what?
This is the problem. I
Didn't understand how far people would get people would lose their mind people cross the line
They got a little crazy. Yes. They got a little crazy and for that
frangory
Seriously, I apologize. I appreciate that. Thank you. I want I know how hard it is to do a show on this station
You're doing it for free
The last thing you need
Somebody making you feel bad about it. It wasn't it wasn't feeling bad
It was just it got a little on the crazy side. Yes, and that is unacceptable
Yeah, people who listen they should know better
Yeah, I'm with you if I fan if I shouted fire in a crowded theater
That's on me. I apologize
It's all good
We are friends made up. Yes
Yes. So let's find out a little bit about Frankry if we could. Now you do the show with
a guy named Andy, right? Andy Cohen, yes. Andy Cohen. So how did you and Andy become co-hosts?
Where did that come together? Because you, Andy is what? He's an older gentleman compared
yes
you are you are uh...
how old in the high-tunes low three twenty eight
twenty-eight
and he is that he is older than that
he's in his forty
okay he's in his forties which is fine but still that's
it's a unique pairing
it is
where unique pairing
where did a frangory
meet
a frangory met an anti-colon while we were working together
okay
and uh...
I suppose it just spiraled from there,
because we sat next to each other
and we were polar opposites, obviously.
But through that, you found a commonality.
Exactly.
Through that, we became friends,
and he knew someone at the station
and this person at the station said,
maybe he should get a show and he brought me into it.
So he picked you as the co-host for this show?
Yes, well, because while we were working,
people were sort of fascinated by our banter cuz all we did was
with each other
yes you you tease him
and he teaches me
there's a little you had you had the dynamic or ready yet
so it's been going on yes and when you when andy i guess uh... met at ken
the program director here in station manager
he said hey you should do a show with them all yeah i think their kids are
friends
and suggested that maybe and he would be good
on the radio and
i don't know somehow and he brought me into it
and he brought you is exactly he said i know who the perfect co-host would be
right
and you are now a part of the uh...
w i don't know that i'm going to do this madness
yes
you are uh... part of you got dragged into it so now you though
you are someone who came from a different side you are not a a a long time
no
w-f-m-u-listener you are you know i'm not and i feel bad about it and i know
people are hating about it but at the same time it's like you know
you know what
but the newbies and exactly
that's what i think anyone right now you're not you're just doing a show
hour long
is missing honestly you don't like the show
don't listen
exactly so i don't know so any brought me in and so we're doing our thing and
you know whatever you should have seen the email i got from my show
for two years i did this show
because before they did a music show
and uh... tom did the music show
everything was fine
all that was a fun record you played
all that was a good song hey can you play this record for me
can play that record for me
everything was smooth sound then all of a sudden
i start doing this thing where i i don't play records anymore
suddenly
you stink
showed up
you're not funny
stop it
you do these dumb things and they're boring play some music i'm telling you
i got this for two years
two years
i had to take that grief
good now
though now
good that i took the grief
you know i think i'm not the only one i think i'm not the only one exactly
i'm just saying
and this is what i this goes to this place of the larger picture
and all your fans think that i've been calling in under some random name
like that be here something you know
district they're insane this is one thing i don't want to be paranoid
people that was not me this is one thing you have to understand about the
station and this is how this place will larger
he treats me
because i've been have been doing the show this is my eighth anniversary now
of the best shown w f m u i started
when she ordered george w bush became president
well congratulations thank you i hope i had nothing to do with that i think
to be truly proud of them it's just a coincidence it's a it's a it's uh...
it's not causal it is
it is uh... what it would have been mike right what you call mike
mike doesn't know
but speaking of mike
coincare
nevermind
i don't want to talk to this guy uh-oh
but there's a thing
mike yeah
you called to get through and you said
and who picked up did i pick up were you right on the air the second you
called
i was welcome yes yes no but you got on to you went through mike
yes i went to someone with that mike that was mike and that's what you need
you need a call screen because i'm gonna tell you
i don't know where we have one work
believe me i know good because this is what this is a thing
look i love the people who listen to the show
but they get a little overboard yes
but this is a thing you have to understand
you're in charge
you're in charge
you're holding the steering wheel you're driving the bus
at the same time time that i was like truly scared to call your show because
usually if i'm on the station i'm in charge right i can hang up on anyone i
want
calling you a little scary one of our you're on the team now you're on the
team you have no fear about calling the show or any other show you want to call
any point
we're away we were the same uniform now
alright good i'm glad on the team yes and this is one thing i want you to stand
these callers i love them
they're there they're they're fantastic appreciate them calling every week but
understand this
You have to treat them like animals. I understand already treat them like it
You have to treat them you have to roll up a newspaper once in a while
Sometimes you got to hit him on the <E.D.> Yes, exactly. I would hit him on the nose
These callers or anywhere. It's just hit him. You just hit him once in a while doesn't matter where you show them who the boss is
Exactly. I'm with you and you're going to because you got Andy. Oh, I will you got a call screener
That you're driving the bus now. You don't let these people say what goes. You say what goes otherwise
You're starting to take control of the bus. The other thing I'll say you've done two shows so far prop two proper shows, right?
Oh, yes
That's nothing. It's nothing. You should have heard my first two shows. They're not in our car
I didn't archive my first two shows because they were so bad
They are part they went out into the ozone they are out in some
somebody in some like what the zebulon for is listening to them now
well you just got out from the first thing on me
yes they're not available on earth anymore those first two shows
well that's a good thing though yes mine could disappear
you're going to get your you're going to get your feet under you
it's going to be fine everybody's going to be working on it working on it
you're working on it's a way you're learning you're you're learning
i mean i've never been on the radio i've been on the radio for five hours my
whole life exactly you know if i know a frangory do you know the show best
week ever do you know that she has
do you know i have a guest in the studios and paul of tomkins
i know you know i was listening he's going to be the new host of that show
because you
do a blog also
which i will if people want to check your blog at where would they go on the
internet
frangory dot tumblr dot com
that's tumblr without an e
right u m
the l r
yes the people to check your your blog out there
it's very exciting it's a i'm not welcoming any more of your scary comment
mine
yes
me personally and you're going to be very weird inappropriate comment you know
what they're going to stop now
they're going to stop that i think they're going to listen to you and they just
going to keep going on i know they're going to listen to me
they get that you know tom i will guarantee it
you guarantee i am giving you my word what happened if they don't what are you
going to give me can we make a bet here
but then you might just start saying saying you're getting this stuff
now i'll show them to you
i get an email every time fair enough
is what i'm going to do
okay what's the deal here
i don't know what should i get a julie from since an adi but i kind of like her
that's the other thing
julie from since an adi
yeah she's kind of she kind of make me laugh you want her as a caller now
because you can get her i'll take her
i'll take her back you know
you gave her to us for the month right but i mean i think if you if you want me
to take her back i will take her back
now no no i'll take her for the month although any
really appreciate it but i think it's funny but this is a thing you gotta
understand with her
one call week one call we have no thank you julie talk to you next week
but in bong yeah and he said he can't call again
well one of the first time you only do one hour week
i'm doing three hours here i know that's a rough job
these people i could use these props for that sharply i don't think i have
thank you frangory
i can hardly do an hour i don't know you do three i'm here by myself doing three
hours a week i know i feel like that it's like this on tax you have me as a
guest one day
you already are
i mean you know like
studio you want to know what
yes i will have you as a guest
yes
we will we will talk to my show booker
i just watch that whole deal go down
excitedly
that's free
so now you
this is the exchange we can make
right and what's the deal
what's the deal
now if you don't know me
what
Okay, look, this is your show, but I didn't know you were asking the other side of the coin
You got heat now
I didn't call your show cuz I didn't know you were asking for my phone calls. I would have called and I know
But I also think there's all those crazies that got on me. Okay. Well, that's it. That's an I apologize. I apologize make a deal
Okay, what's the deal? I don't know yet
What's the deal that this is the deal? Okay. What's the deal? You propose a deal and I'll see you
today. You're not going to get bugged anymore. Re-enable the comment section of your... No. No. Yes. I don't trust you. It's not me. I'm telling you right now. I'm driving the bus here. Yeah, but it doesn't mean the kids in the back of the bus are going to listen to you. Oh, you don't know what? I'm like that dude in standby.
in uh... stand by me
really are you are the schools
i walked the halls of the bat
i'm afraid lina lee on me
stand by me
i don't know if you're the body
but hold on a minute yeah lien on me honey
me
stand by me
was the one
with morgan friedman
morgan by me the one in the high school
yeah with the kids in the blueberry pina on that
was one of the dead body
yes stand by me
lean on me had the dead weight which one had which lean lean on me had morgan
freeman
with the base with three other kids going to the woods and i don't know you
miss you miss you miss understanding
there you're you're conflating the two because i remember the mood this was
movie i remember what the distinction between the two movies is what i
remember i remember movie where morgan freeman comes and he tells uh...
he tells uh... river phoenix i found a dead body
uh... that i don't i think you're you're sort of
Mashing up my their films lean on me and stand by me
and
Morgan Freeman was in the one where he played a high school principal. Yeah, he has a baseball bat Joe Clark
Principal Joe that is lean on me. Oh, it is. Yeah, stand by me
So I'm by me was based on the it was a movie with the kids finding a dead body river phoenix
Young Jerry O'Connell. Yes, when he was fat when he was fat. He's a fat morbidly obese little child
a little how did that guy turn into the
adult that he is
did i have a lot of that
is he
and i think so i think he's i wouldn't go there
i felt well fair enough
i think that guys uh... that guy's like uh... he's joe six pack
yeah i wouldn't go there
but that guy's like
that guy with that guy definitely you have to give him this he looks different
than he did when he was uh...
well obviously but don't you look different from what you look up and
i'm really frankly i think you're being deliberately obtuse
i'm not
okay
fair enough to each his own
or her
wait but isn't he having like baby
yeah he and uh... rebecca romaine are having to get pregnant with twins
yeah
rebecca romaine stamos it is
but i think that i know that
top touchy subject
neither here nor there i'm telling you
anyway so come sharply between a call screener
and me put the word down
you think we'll be okay there's all behind us
i think you think the dirty guys will stop calling yes i guarantee it
well that's why you have a call strength is that i can't vouch you should hear
the calls i get
like a god around this place
and you should hear the calls i get
wait so
wait
your daughter on display yes i am
really
yes top dog
king of the
yep
number one of the list this is it
and how come i didn't know about you until i heard that you were starting to
fight with me
that's on you
that's on the
that's my fault that is on you i will say that's on you you walk into you
walk into a place you don't find out you walk into a place you don't find out
who's in charge is running things you go for a job in the work
When you go for a job interview, you find out a little bit about the company.
He runs the station, Ken runs the station, he manages the station, but Tom is in charge
of the coolness factor, he begins and ends here.
And that said, I am now, blessing, that's right, father, son, holy ghost, I am blessing
You are. Shut up weirdo. You are? Yes. That means a lot. But now you have to say thank you for letting me do a show on the station.
No, I will not say that. Just say some version of that and this can all be over.
I appreciate your apology. Kiss the ring. Just kiss the whole message is the ring. No, I'm not. I'm not going to. I'm sorry, but I will not kiss the ring. Because listen, there are plenty of other DJs on WFMU
and i'm not sitting there but i don't know now but they did this is
it begins and ends here
cheaper speakers
but what i think i will give you that
i called
right through you did enter uh... you did you do the uh... and we have made up
mohammed
we are friends you would admit that the mountain came to mohammed
i would admit
i called into your show
But only because you emailed me apologizing.
Yes, but only because this thing got out of hand.
I understand the politics.
Because apparently my show is more powerful than I had thought.
Right.
Either hand or dare.
Oh, you see more powerful than mine.
It's all water under the bridge.
All water under the bridge.
But I'm sorry.
I cannot kiss a ring.
I'm sorry.
You do a little bit of legwork on the station.
You'll kiss the ring.
I take out the trash.
What do you think?
I picked the trash up, too.
No, I'm on the list, I take out the garbage.
Yeah, what, the third floor?
The fourth floor.
Before I do second floor.
The dirty garbage.
I do the second floor.
No, you don't.
Yes, I do.
What's your chore of the station?
Clean the second floor.
What do I do every week, Mike?
I take out the garbage in the second floor.
Really?
Yes.
Oh my god, I thought it was just us because we were losers.
No.
Oh, that makes me feel so much better.
There you go, see?
That's not a good thing.
OK, so listen, so can we talk about how all your colors
I'm sorry, what's that all your callers think that I'm this girl who keeps calling me Debbie? You're not I know you're not
No, I'm not I've never called into your show. This is the first time ever exactly where is Debbie
Did we ever get an answer to that question? Yeah, what was Debbie saying anyway? I?
Don't I didn't let Debbie. I'm not a it's a weekly question on the show for a while. Where's Debbie? Yeah, we never got an answer
I don't want you know what?
Of course the one week I call in Debbie's not gonna call in so then all the paranoid people are gonna think that I'm Debbie again
You're not you're not
There's all I'm gonna say
We're friends. We are friends. I wish you nothing but luck
Agree for your show very much everybody if you if you want there's a new show on Friday nights six to seven
You can go listen shut up weirdo. It's frangry and Andy Cohen and
And they do an hour long talk show and you go listen and if you don't like it, you know what you do?
You don't listen. Don't listen. Exactly. You don't listen. You don't bug them. No need for the haters
Yes, no need for the haters. We're not in high school anymore. Yes, we're not
You are a rookie show. I am a veteran show. You welcome me. As the veteran show, I welcome you to the station.
Thank you very much. I'm going to take that. Thank you as the kissing of the ring. Thank you very much.
you
all jeepers creepers
and i don't think that you think i've heard one
there you go yes you kiss the rain i appreciate it
and i think thank you very much
frangory
i hope are you going to record for this weekend i will be there on saturday at
the wedding
the event i am
yeah i'm the probably i will probably run into you
my boyfriend will be there as a friend of the group
really
so you know my sort of boyfriend yeah so you are already put you are already
i will definitely be at the wedding on saturday
i will see you there
i cannot wait to meet you
likewise
thank you for angry have a good night water under the bridge
kisses
thank you
and we shall go
I'm sorry.
No, go ahead.
Those are all very grown up, I thought.
Thank you.
Very two people.
You might have been.
I'm not a bad guy.
I know you're not.
And neither is frangry.
I'm not a bad guy.
No.
This is the thing.
Last thing I want to be labeled as a bad guy around here.
That's right.
I tease.
I tease.
Whatever.
It's all in good fun.
It's all in fine.
I can never tease again.
I'll never tease again.
Oh, don't say that.
I think a little good nature teasing is good for business.
Oh, brother.
thank you for calling frangory now we move on
fm you you're on the air
and com
it's a ceremony of conflict
sara how are you
good how are you
doing all right what's going on in new bronzer tonight sara
i don't know what we'll call about it
will call
will call
we've just started to fall on the other
looking very far like
it's looking very far like okay
but uh... something kind of bothering me
what's that sara
uh... what you know that the election going on right
wait hold on what's going on
because it's been made the mayoral election of the mayoral yes the mayoral
election is going on you're right
and you know i've uh...
promoted from working remote a couple times
they appreciate it is in interest that it can't do to you know yes yes
but uh... i was i was watching out
the
one of them from all the DVDs with my friend the other day uh...
and they have this
default section where more people are explaining like you know why they're
most rumpy is so difficult to play and everything
and then you start showing you a hot rod
and and i noticed that uh...
he's got you've got like a ponytail and like a baseball hat on
and uh...
but i've been hearing rumors about the wigs thing for years and it don't on
me that
the most interesting for a guy who was a way to do would be to put the way to
point out the baseball hat on because it's kind of less than you ever expect
a guy with a way to do
uh... uh...
i feel like uh... if i you know before i can
really
vote for him or accept his hand if you feel like you should come clean about
the way
you know because politics is not about why
who is most of what you're asking is who is marki remone
i think it's important we find out who the real world here
all right well next time he calls i will ask him
so they will see if he could be come forward i don't know we'll find out
serum
but you know
fm you you're on the air
a time i was going
going right who's this
this is matt from new orland
matt from new orlands well what's going on in new orlands tonight
uh... not too much what is getting pretty nice
pretty good
free for the evening here
and uh... i'd like to say hello to uh... all as well how's it all
paul f tom can only ask you
listen that i don't ask you uh...
when jim blue she went down there after katrina did you get to meet him
i know i actually just got to new orleans in january i missed him
i know
i'm sorry i'm relatively new
sorry for your loss
hurricane jim
if i could call it after you left right yeah
uh... yeah
and why i had a quick question um... for paul but first i want to say uh...
how am i really i mean i really liked how uh... that conversation with
with frankly what rent
went and i'd also like to say i like you're ripping up her as well
and it was almost like
i was thinking about it like when i'm watching football it's like when
when alignment back the quarterback
and help them you know help them up and kind of fixes the shoulder pad
back into the jersey so i thought that was great
well thank you
yeah it was very it's very hard
but uh...
but my question for Paul is, I was a big fan, you know, still I'm a big fan, I was a big
fan back in the days of Mr. Show and Tenacious D, and I was just wondering how you met, you
know, or became acquainted with, you know, Bob O'Dakirk and David Cross, because you
guys did some pretty awesome work over the years.
Oh, well thank you, Matt.
I met those guys when I moved to Los Angeles in 1994, and me and Jay Johnston, also from
mister show uh... we had started
doing sketches together and uh... there was a there's a very close knit
comedy community at that time in los angeles and
so we all kind of performed uh... on the same shows and everything that's how
i met bob and david and then that led to
uh... being hired on the show
very cool well i will look like i'm looking forward to uh... the best week
you have a great night thank you very much
what was a story a bit more interesting
that was an interesting story so we met on a free train you got hired by
Meeting they met you first. How did you meet them? Appreciate it your talent and then hired you
I know but sniper it was
What are you supposed to do guys shooting at you and then you guys were three you ended up behind a car?
That sounds kind of cool shot head from a water tower. Doesn't that sound cool though?
That should be the new story
Fm you you're on the air. All right, Tom. Hey, who's this? Hey, Zach. You got me good. I
I did get you good. Yeah, I walked right into it. You didn't you set me up. It's like T-ball. How can I resist?
Yeah, I guess you're on the stand. I got a hit it. I got a hit it. It's sitting there for me to hit. I
Think of the preface where I said I hope it doesn't set me up that might have kept you from doing it
But you know, I know it it did but then I still couldn't resist
Yeah, it totally understandable and you know what I think it's an honor
You know as a new caller, you know, you got to you got to take the shots and
You know, I feel now I've been indoctrinated into the best you know culture
Oh, thank I appreciate you're in the family now. Yeah, I actually between then and now I
Signed up to become an official friend of Tom
Really? Yeah, I figured I'd before it ends exercise my right to vote
I'm thinking I'm thinking Mike. I know, you know, it's no ringing endorsement. I'm no Cohen
one pal
but uh... you know he did he doesn't want to murder you and uh... that's
that's enough for me
thank you that i appreciate that idea of a question
for paul f thompkins
uh... high paul
has act
uh... how are you i'm good thank you how are you was at your question
no no uh... i i i did have time to think of a best week related question i was
wondering uh...
will the fizzler remain
the sizzler will remain
will you be in charge of it now
uh... i will be involved in it
uh... that i was wondering if you know chuck nice was going to be devastated
no i don't know chai i have known chak nice for a long time we were we were
stand-ups in philly uh... around the same time
all very cool yet no i mean i'm a huge fan of that show and mister show and
you know you do great work
thank you very much that i appreciate that
but thank you and i heard that
Facebook had people and no one can Facebook had you that's right I was
wondering if maybe I'd have a shot you actually you have no shot it's only I
always Facebook I have a fan page on Facebook which is for everybody yeah
but I Facebook is only for me and people I actually no how many Facebook
friends do you have like a hundred a hundred and that's it and I will drop
people who are friends of mine if they have a thousand people I will I will get
rid of them I've vetted my Facebook oh yeah lean and mean yeah and I'm telling
you all you Facebook people I'm making another another pass through I'm trimming
15 this weekend it's fun it's it's liberating because you just look at them
this is how I look at my space my space that's that's that's a that's a
Facebook 8 million friends fine you got right like that just that does it doesn't
count at a point yeah yeah Facebook that's for your actual friends yeah it's a
little more grown-up yes it's a little less disgusting private yeah yeah yeah
your status updates it's fun I don't want to send my status update out have
every every Tom Dick and Harry know what I'm up to then you got a you got a
sense of yourself yes you have too many strangers out there
now i got a right now i can write now and i face book i can write
wants to murder everybody he sees that
i can write that and now it's only going to my friends
i write that on my space
all boy and i'll suddenly the cops will be knocking on the door
that's right
report of use
speaking of your status is top yes
recently said we're going to win this thing or something i was wondering what
you're referring to
but do i have you as a friend on face book
yes
what
yeah
uh... well we've we've met
all i know who i know this act is this acts all right
she said there you go
now it's not that breath that breath
there's a little jersey friends right does that go for that
but that i know that
and uh...
that's all right
yes that's all right he sees we're gonna win we're gonna win the election
i was talking about okay i thought that was maybe it
with which one uh... new bridge or the uh...
all of them
now i'm president
the president
i had a i had a feeling but i thought you know
since you're on the topic of uh...
face book statuses
that can i ask you a question
of course that would be an honor
uh... how did you hear that i could add people that they couldn't add me
facebook
well well you recently added uh... my brother and he was uh...
incredibly pleased and honored all my heavens i know who this jack is yes
all of the man
uh...
i don't know why you you heard that one you understand i had to add him
because he's sort of a celebrity
oh he's yeah he's great
no yeah i mean i'm actually in his uh... bedroom right now
a lot of that
you know i don't like it all he he'd today he had some uh... he's
jack's brother had some insightful things to say
about this world the age can we say the age man
yet the age man
he had some insightful things to say about uh... just the state of you know
just how people relate to each other yeah
he's listening to some people outside the student union
he really
They're mad about people that are different.
And then the H-man was like, people are different.
Let it go.
I love the H-man.
His updates on Facebook are one of the few things
I actually look forward to.
They're really something.
In this world.
Do you, when you're logging on to Facebook,
do you think, you see that H-man's updated status,
and do you think yourself should be interesting?
I do, I think.
Should be interesting.
Yeah.
w f m u e star inch w x h d mount hope worldwide world wide web at w f m u dot
o r g this is the best shown w f m u my name is tom sharpling i'm here for
another
fifty seven minutes my a joined by my special guest paul f thompkins the uh...
host
starting this friday of
best week ever
with paul f thompkins on v h one every friday night
at eleven p m
over v h one people got a check it out it's gonna happen
There's nothing anybody can do about it now.
This is going to happen.
No, it is going to happen.
We built a set.
I was on the set today.
Really?
Yeah, yeah.
We were lighting a set, doing lighting tests and everything.
It's an actual three dimensional set.
Yeah, you could touch it.
I'm intrigued by that.
If you're there, which I am, you can't touch it from home.
Almost as intrigued as I am by this news I received
in the newest of Rolling Stone.
Do you mean the world's greatest magazine?
Yes.
velvet revolver yes he has a solo album coming out and this is the headline this
is how bad this album is going to be the the the the puff piece on the headline
And already says, while in disc may turn off STP fan,
the rocker steps out with a solo album
about his volatile marriage.
And the album is called Happy in Galoshes.
So right there, that's like strike five already.
Happy in Galoshes.
After a tumultuous, sorry, tumultuous, tumultuous.
After a tumultuous, five-year stint in Velvet Revolver,
Scott Weiland finally gets to let loose on his new solo album.
There's no rules.
He says, I don't have to worry about radio playing it.
What rules with this guy?
Rules.
Remember when Velvet Revolver was all over the radio?
Yeah.
I couldn't have.
Because they followed the rules.
Yeah.
And you were hearing their songs all the time.
Can you believe those five years?
Yeah.
Five.
Yeah.
Five.
Yeah.
He also doesn't have to worry about the approval of Slash, Duff, and Matt Sorum.
The other dudes in Velvet Revolver, which has given him room to craft a two-disc album
right there.
I've got to tell you, I can't wait for this record.
This sounds like one of those crazy man records of a guy just pouring everything out for better
where it's a two-disc album about his volatile relationship with his wife
mary
in two thousand one he was arrested for domestic violence
and in two thousand seven she was arrested
for torching ten thousand dollars worth of his clothing
just hours after the two were kicked out of a hotel for brawling
i like it into marvin gays i met a little girl
while it says it chronicles our life
this album i cannot wait for this
crazy crazy album
He's been working on the project in spurts over the past decade.
So right there, it's just.
Yeah, a hallmark of quality.
Yeah.
With his longtime creative partner, Doug Green,
who co-wrote and produced the album,
the guys from No Doubt co-wrote the Power Pop Cut
Paralysis, which is the possible first single.
Missing Cleveland is a nostalgic look at Wyland's hometown,
set to Bowie style glam rock.
Now, here's where I get excited.
Other tunes range from the Banjo Laced Country Rock,
a song called She's So Cold, to Neo Beach Boys Pop,
a song called Some Days.
It may turn off some STP fans, he says of the CD.
That's just the way it is.
Why would it sound like Kid Rock?
At my age, I just want to do what I want to do.
there's art and there's commerce
i've already accomplished the commerce part of my career
so that just means
there's going to just be a bad album
with every poorly written song that this guy could come up with
all jammed into two discs
if he's got uh...
some banjo's on
here i hope there's also a song
with an orchestra
i'm sure there's that it's going to be all over the map the crazy map
so
ten thousand dollars worth of his clothes
that's not that
that means he had more clothes
otherwise it would just be just what said all of his clothes
i'm looking at his clothes in this
a refer to as a wife beater
so well sure now
right that might be a little bit of a post
post-porching exactly
All I got to wear for this photo in Rolling Stone
is me and my wife, Peter.
All my ermine capes went up in smoke.
Those are my leather pants.
Just can you imagine the cloud of smoke
that would come off burning leather pants?
So, I go for a trip to Philadelphia the other day.
My hometown?
Yes, your hometown.
I remember that as I went across the Ben Franklin Bridge.
Sure.
That's a good bridge, too.
Nice bridge.
Looks pretty from the street.
Everybody in Philadelphia had on Philly's stuff.
Yes, they're very excited.
They're very excited.
Yeah, I was there on Friday.
The Phillies had won the National League Championship
on Wednesday night.
Two out of every three people had on a shirt or a sweatshirt
are some sort of garment that said,
National League champions, 2008.
It's like, did the city issue these to everybody?
How did everybody in 24 hours have the time
to buy these things?
And so I'm there, I say, you know what I'm going to do?
I'm going to go to a museum.
Philly's got some nice museums.
Absolutely.
So I go, I get in the cab, and this guy's driving me around.
I say, let's go over to the Museum of Art, the Rocky statue.
Which we call it the Art Museum.
The Art Museum.
OK.
We'll go to the, I said, we're going over there.
And then the guy starts, I said, hey, what other museums are there?
I've been to this museum.
What else is there?
Then he mentions this place.
He goes, there's the Jefferson Museum.
Oh, I've never heard of the Jefferson Museum.
I've never heard of what?
Well, there's a reason why you've never heard of the Jefferson Museum,
but I'm going to get to that in a second.
So I said, well, what type of museum is the Jefferson Museum?
He goes, oh, it's books.
It's a museum with books.
And I've never seen a museum of books.
I have a feeling I know where this is headed.
So I started, I said, you know what?
Take me to the Jefferson Museum.
So now we're on this cab, Brian.
I don't know where this cab's going.
I might have been in Delaware, something.
I don't know.
But I'm out in this cab.
No sales tax.
And this guy, thank you.
This guy starts talking, this cabbie, who was from,
I think he was from Russia.
He starts talking about Philadelphia.
Saying, oh, you know, it's a, you know, the city's gone
through a lot of stuff.
So I'm like, how do you like living in Philadelphia?
He's like, wow.
I just got to tell you and then he said the the magic words on
I'm not racist. Oh
Oh
Which whenever anybody says I'm not racist you can just you just brace yourself for the most racist stuff
You've ever heard me like yeah, he goes now. Can I stop just one second? Absolutely this guy's?
Russian from Russia. Yes. He's got an accent full accent
Yeah, what's weird is you never hear somebody who has a foreign accent
Father with prefacing it because they're worried that the other person's good. They just come right out with it. This guy said
I'm not racist
So everything in that's going wrong in the city is because of the black
It was the most insane thing ever
Everything he played
Every problem is because of the blacks here good good
He said and they just are saying they think they got this is a black mayor. They think they can do anything. They oh this guy
Oh, you're of course. You're not racist. That's a oh, thank you. Thank you for that. Thank you for that point
Most of you you're clearly a scientist. Yeah, and you figure all this out. Exactly. Oh my god. What's he a zogby?
Ras mucin
This guy doing the the stats
The hate stats
So then you get to that point in the conversation when this guy starts doing that
You're just waiting for this ride to be over
It's like I'm not gonna argue with this guy cuz he's gonna drop me off and I don't know where I am already
Yeah, yeah, it's like I just stare at my feet for the cab ride and then he lets me off in front of
The Jefferson Museum, which is the pen museum
Which now I'm going to go let me go look at the books in this museum and I go in PNN right like to William
Yes, so I go in go to look at the book this book museum, and
And then I go in what's the first thing I see and the only thing I see?
mummies
Mummy, it was mummy. It was Egypt everywhere. It was like
It was like it was like oh, here's a mummy
There was a thing with a mummy then they had a sphinx set up and some some columns from from Egypt
Oh, mommy's.
Oh, it's the museum of books.
There was not one book in this entire museum.
Do you know what that means?
Maybe he's not racist because he doesn't,
he doesn't know what things are.
So he thinks black people, when he says the blacks.
Yeah, he might be actually, he actually means like bats.
Yeah, or in his, yeah.
The stray dogs.
And I'm stuck in this museum.
taxes. Exactly. Yeah. Exactly. The infrastructure. I've never heard of the
Penn Museum either. It was all mummies everywhere. How many mummies? More than
a dozen? I'm gonna say 10 mummies. Yeah, but in different states of
mummification. One just the unwrapped mummy laying there. Oh, is that really a
Mummy it's it's a it wasn't mommy that they opened up route. Okay, so he's mummified. Yes a mummified course
And yeah, sure mommy baby all this stuff. Oh, I wanted nothing to do was that a little cute
It was not it was
Just it was not even yeah, I was kind of cute. This mummified. Yeah, it was so disgusting and disturbing
I wanted nothing to do with this museum and now I'm stuck here
And you had to spend the night, right? Well, yeah, it was a night at the night. Yeah, you got locked in then all sudden clonk clonk. Oh, no
Let me start break dancing
So then I walk back I leave this museum behind and but now my day is blown
I have no other shot at getting to know any other museum right because this one is nine miles
Can I see that? Oh, yeah, absolutely. I brought the brochure. Yes. I just want to get a sense of where this is
It's one's nine miles away from everything else. So I started walking across the a scoocle expressway and we've got murdered
You're quite an adventure. So I'm walking and as I'm walking I
See this guy. There's this guy and two girls walking along
Mm-hmm, and the girls are kind of behind the guy and he's they're talking
She's she the one girl one stalking girls twos talking back. They're kind of having a spirited conversation
And the guy walks the catch up to me for some reason. I'm just like, why is this guy
Stepping fast to catch up to me. I don't like that at all. I don't like that
I'm getting creeped out
Yeah, just you're describing that and he catches up to me because now he's looking for someone to commiserate
With his plate and this is this is what he said to me. He's like, oh boy. He's like, oh man
An Italian and a Jew
These two these two won't shut up the worst right? Yeah
why are you it's like oh it's like what's going on in Philly it's like monster
ville it's well there is that there is that
side of things yeah which is not it's not the greatest it is not the greatest
oh the greatest it is in fact the worst yes it was the worst
i do apologize i still feel i still feel like i have to apologize for the city
that's okay i i won't thank you because i will defend it when people make
fun of it until they point out something like that that you in defense
well yeah I can't really so you know what I'm gonna say enough of this enough of
that are these calls good Mike hard to say I'm gonna burn through these and then
we're gonna put a topic on the table for the final 45 Wow FM you you're on the
Oh, it's a mummy.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hello.
Yes.
How's it going?
All right.
FMU, you're on the air.
Oh, God.
Tom, no.
I'm scared.
I'm on the spot.
Don't be scared.
Relax.
You guys have been really entertaining tonight, but I want to let you know I got gumped in
a different way on Bob Grant's show tonight.
called bob granny hung up on you
no he didn't
well he hung up on me of course you know he's up on me one one way or another
but
he actually went on with venom
saying how much he hated
afterwards really did you tape it
i can't know everyone says that i know i think that we're going to say i got a
hope for our car so they want to know what the archives are already be safe
i don't think it was good at them you know what did you say to him
am i dragging down the show i'm sorry
no no he was
picked up
oh god i'm nervous now
my dragon down the show
don't second i'll let you know when things are going south
at femue you're on the air he was dragging on the other guy
going alright how are you
alright
so listen you're talking about mom is boss
what's your what what should i be listening to
right now thought
you're talking about mom is i'm watching
did you right now you ever see that movie that's terrible
yeah what now come on and frank miller
but the scene right now with more things what the director frank miller you
got a problem with him all of a sudden
you have a problem with a lot of me
what now i'm talking to tom
it's hard to tell on the radio because uh... you can't see all the
uh...
com yeah i don't know man but what's your name
all right my name's adam how they got
skid on a right now
all right
So listen, tell me this guy Marv isn't like the all-encompassing figure of everything
that's manly.
No, he absolutely is.
Good talk.
All right.
Yeah, like think about it.
He's the all-encompassing figure of everything that's dumb.
Dumb.
Yeah.
That's one of the dumbest movies I've ever seen.
I think you're the all-encompassing figure of everything that's a dumb.
Hey, how long were you on hold for?
Uh, three minutes, tops.
Yeah.
You called me dummy.
heave hoe
guys tell me i'm done i i call him
doom cough
i love his incredulity that anyway you could find fault with since it is
this what
does i don't know if it was on the carpet
that no one like like
it people like that the week they saw it then afterwards everybody's again that
kind of stock adult experiment yet in film it yeah
i got i got a thrill to the fact oh no you don't understand
did none of this was here
they did it all with computers so what
what do i care
well what am i what am i working in some uh... for sin effects magazine
care
unless i'm working on a movie
also
full special effects that's the only reason i would care about the special
effects how cheaply they did since city
fm you're on the air
all that was about everything tonight guys going on right what's your name
harry from
uh... from nor
nor kept rick city what's going on
how much i was there and you talk about to look out there
i've been meaning to go down there myself and check out they got this cool
museum
uh... it's like the fbi museum or something that's all about criminals and
stuff i was like all you should have checked out well now
that's what i should have got to say i saw the mummy museum
at the book mummy
uh... library museum in the faux book money and money museum
you know that's terrible that's like you have i don't know if you're a fan if
you're up late and watch the
uh... cartoon network at night they have the rock and roll cartoon
the death clock and the
those guys in there they're like from you know
sweetener somewhere and they can't talk he's like oh yeah it's the food
library and no it was the grocery store and they're like to speak it was funny
thank you harry
fm you you're on the air
uh... hey tom hey paul how are you
good thank you how are you going to be a way to the world on you huh
uh... i'm uh... i'm a big fan of a mister show i would really love that
show thank you
yeah i i really uh...
honored to work talk to you
what what the address of that racist dead body museum
over there in uh... filly
well the museum was not racist i was driven there by a racist
Oh, alright, so those dead bodies, they were, you know, they're, you know, alright.
The Penn Museum.
The Penn Museum.
Yeah, P-E-N-N.
Hold on, let me get a pencil.
F-M-U, you're on the air.
It's frangry.
It's frangry?
Uh-huh.
Really?
I was just calling to give you approximately a handle that call about,
I don't even remember what it is about some guy who was talking about some manly guys.
Well, thank you, Frank.
Now, you're not going to be my Julie now, are you?
I'm listening now.
No.
You're not my Julie, are you?
Come on.
Frank, can I ask you a question?
Since you called that?
How dare you compare me to her?
I wasn't comparing.
I was asking.
No, that hurts a little.
Well, it shouldn't hurt.
I was asking a question.
You answered it.
Frank, are you going to ask you a question?
You can ask me whatever you want.
Tunk sharply.
Well, that's Paul.
That's Paul.
Tompkins host of best week ever
Everyone I don't care who you are
Wow, well he starts out nice and then gets dismissive
I get it. I get it. He's teasing you. I did fun for teasing listen frangory. What is the origin of the the name of your show?
Shut up weirdo
Actually, Andy came up with it
All right
with his daughter Abigail and we could never agree on anything about the title
or what the show's about or anything so I just let them have the title. So what
is this week's episode going to be about is there a topic that has been
decided upon? It's his turn since we can't ever really take turns and it's his
turn so I don't know. So you'll have a topic of conversation then you take
Obviously have a topic
Obviously do you do you take calls?
Yes, okay, it's all calls. Oh, that's what we just people were calling it. It was a bit of a mess there
Yes, it's all called. I see I see well. Thank you, Frank. We thank you guys
FM you you're on the air
Hey Tom. Hey Paul. It's Frank for we harken Frank. Hello quality caller
How's it going? I'm gonna be quick because I know you want to get to the topic, so I was wondering what was worse going to the
Mummy Museum or having to watch all three Mummy movies in a row or all four month Mummy movies in a row
What would be what would be worse? Yeah, I'm watching the Mummy movies would be much worse because I I had a choice
When I was done with the Mummy Museum
Got you. All right. That was my only question. Okay. Thanks buddy. Man quality caller. So anyway
We're warming up, here we go.
Topic.
This is gonna be a hard one to sell,
but I figure since we have 35 minutes,
it's a good way.
This is not gonna be one that sets the world on fire,
but it's one that we can pull a little bit more out
of a pole of Tomkins.
Maybe it's a more thoughtful topic?
Yes, it's a more thoughtful and might leave room for riffing.
Sure.
Funny stuff.
You kind of think of this as like comics unleashed.
I am unleashing you right now.
So you're like Byron Allen right now?
Yes, right now I'm Byron Allen.
And I consider you on a leash right now.
Yes. I'm walking over.
Oh, I hate it.
I'm sliding the little click.
What's happening?
You were unleashed.
Oh, I feel so free.
Can't wait to hear the topic.
Which guy is always on that?
Is that kid or play?
Who's always on that job?
It's kid, kid.
It's kid.
Christopher Kid Reed.
Yes.
He worked out at the YMCA where I worked out
in Los Angeles.
Real times I'd be up on the upper deck elliptical machine. Uh-huh looking down on a Christopher kid read on the treadmill
hmm
Two fellow comedians burning right that's right
It's went to the oldies
Did you give each other the nod
The no, no, we did and we had met before actually yeah, I did not he I would see him and then what if you would come close to make
contact I would look away really so you gave the high hat to I never not just
because it was because of who he was I did not like running into anyone I knew
at the gym sure I had a good friend of mine I would hate it when that would
happen I could understand I would thank goodness I don't see anybody at the
Jim, I go to crunch that no one had crunch very exclusive that Jim when I'm on the
thing lifting the heavy weights that's right me and my trainer that's right so
anyway the topic this is a unique emotion I'm going to put forth it's it's
very subtle. Have you ever had the feeling of feeling sorry for
something you should not feel sorry for? Can I give you an
example that I had? Yes, I think I know what you mean, but
please give me the example. Like if you go in a store like I
went into a store and I saw all this stuff for the movie
Speed Racer out where it's like as if as if there was this is
after it had flopped. Yeah. So I'm seeing this stuff like
speed rate like toys for speed racer yes like no kid wants that speed racer toy
right this thing was a flop right right but now I start feeling like oh man
right that lonely sad toy up there on the thing that they thought they were
making for it but they know they don't need help with speed racer doesn't need
anybody's sympathy yes or like I saw the movie poster for this movie e-gore it's
like a kids movie right I just like oh man these guys made this movie for these
kids and then kids just didn't see it and it didn't click oh man that Igor is
like what do I care Igor yeah yeah yeah so like I was just thinking there's a
very subtle feeling yes so it was is there anything that comes to mind well I
knew I knew a girl who felt sorry for inanimate objects like a like a crappy
toy you know like a Valentine's Day teddy bear or something it was just kind
of shoddy yeah and it was by itself yeah and she would she would buy those
things because she felt bad for them she felt awful that they were out there
alone in existing yes I had I had a feeling I had that feeling about the
the character not the people who created the character not the people not the
person who voiced the character or the people who made this character move
around. But the character of Jar Jar Binks from the Star Wars movies was
just totally terrible character, like really awful. But the level of hatred
that was directed at that character, even knowing that it was just a guy doing a
voice and a bunch of pixels, I felt bad for the character. Yeah. You know what I
mean? I felt that idea. Like the idea of the character. Just the amount of hate.
Yeah, like it's almost like this poor guy George our binks. Yeah, never even the American hates this guy. Yeah, the world hates this guy
Like it's not I wasn't on the impression that he was alive. Yeah, right?
Like the notion of it. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, I feel you know when I feel the same way
It was things is like to stick with movies and by the way the phone number is 201 209
nine three six eight if you have anything to add to the topic which I guess would
be called feeling sorry for things you shouldn't feel sorry for this one has
bummed me out for 20 years there was a movie in the 80s called based on a a
series of novels Remo Williams the adventure begins the adventure begins
absolutely and the fact that they named this thing the adventure begins and they
We were just like, all right, this is where this thing starts.
We got Fred Ward locked up for two more of these things
and we'll negotiate.
Obviously we'll tear his contract up
and negotiate a sweet deal for the rest of it.
That's how it goes.
The fact that they were just like,
here we go with the Remo Williams franchise.
Yeah.
That's so brazen, Ned.
They went beyond the notion of maybe making the movie
feel like there was another adventure to come where you found that out if you
were a paying customer yes I got wow hey there there's more adventure with his
Remo Williams thing no anybody walking past the poster knew that they had
intent for this thing to keep going yeah yeah yeah and that just bummed me I
felt so sorry for for the people working on the Remo Williams franchise but yeah
they all got paid, they didn't care, they moved on.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I never hear anybody talk about it,
something like Fred Ward is saying,
oh boy, I wish that had taken off.
Yeah.
Oh, I could have played that character forever.
Yeah, yeah.
You don't hear Joel Gray say,
oh, I would have loved to have been that old Chinese man
for at least one more picture.
201, 209, 9368.
And also like the new Planet of the Apes I felt sorry for.
Oh, I didn't.
But just the idea that like.
I know what you mean.
I know what you mean.
But it's like I don't, like in the way
that you could feel sorry for Remo Williams,
the adventure begins.
You don't feel sorry for Buckaroo Bonsai
across the eighth dimension.
No, where they thought it's just like
get ready to go into other dimensions
with Buckaroo Bonsai.
Well, pile all this garbage in there.
They'll watch it.
Idiots.
You can feel the cynicism of it.
Yeah.
Dream of Williams, that movie was based on a book,
it was a series of books.
It was like, yeah, okay, why not?
Does it be fun?
Sure, yeah.
But like that Buckaroo Bonsai thing was like,
let's make a cult movie, these morons.
They'll watch everything but the kitchen sink.
Yeah.
And it's like, we're gonna make a sci-fi movie
that's unsatisfying.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And we'll put Billy Vera in the beaters
in supporting roles.
uh...
if i'm here on the air
a comment uh... former review the already
all well return
as a call for this is an honor where you've been at the
are actually moved
uh... moved out
at the texas
really well what part of texas
uh... a little bit north of uston
alright gods country
yeah uh... strip mall country
so do you have anything for the topic tonight eddie
uh... yeah uh...
i was on uh...
recently on youtube and
somehow found my way to uh...
uh...
finger johnton edwards
or what that that
don't be strong sunshine like in the seventies
you mean um...
since i know uh...
yeah
and then and the clip on youtube it would look like he was playing in
you know like someone's basement or something you know uh... and and the
the guys obviously like probably i don't know
early sixties or something by now
it was kind of sad and then
there was a link to his website and then he's got i just noticed he got the
full
with gigs like all over the place and
and i remember here is
that's all like in a bunch of commercials and it's probably in a few
movies
you know so he's probably doing okay with it but yeah
though you feel you have to sing this stupid song every time every giggy ever
plays so just the idea that this guy's still out there with that song as his
Albatross. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, there's no there's no way around it, you know. Eddy, return
to form. Thank you. I'm both for Mike too. You're gonna vote for Mike? Okay. Absentee
Ballet. Yes, this is your night, Mike. Larry the
The perv, Eddie, the top, and the Z-man.
Wow.
This is Mike's really putting his campaign together now.
The topic is feeling sorry for things you really shouldn't feel sorry for.
You know what else I feel sorry for like that?
Friendster.
Yeah, yeah.
Because it's like-
I do feel sorry for Friendster.
Like once in a while I get these things where it's like, hey, Friendster is still here.
these emails I couldn't even tell you my friends their password I don't know the
last time I'm sure if I went to Prince there it says last logged in you know
August 4th 2006 this weird abandoned
friends their site that I had because it's like oh man the guys from
friends there are you know like the guys from my space are now just like
driving around in there and they're you know they're they're limo's
was kind of friends there's kind of like hey can you give me a lift to anybody
got a bus schedule fm you you're on the air hi Tom and Paul how you guys
known good who's this this is Andrew and Philadelphia Andrew and Philadelphia
quality caller I apologize for the thank you I apologize for the racist who are
all over this town I will say in Philadelphia though so much Obama stuff
It was very hardening yeah, he's a his neighborhood campaign out of quarters. There's a couple blocks from my house, and uh
You don't see a McCain sign anywhere around here. No, I didn't see I didn't see one McCain anything in all of Philadelphia
That's right. Obama's one of the good ones
That's Philly
I have something quick for the topic it actually kind of someone involves Paul
I was watching TV the other night. It was some show on the food network some about comp pumpkin carving and
The guy who was narrating it. He sounded a little bit like Paul. I was gonna ask Paul if he did any voiceover work
It sounded almost like he had a
You ever see one route or here one rounds us. There's a truck commercials
Yeah, he's with his voice a little bit. I thought maybe it was but it turns out it was Mark Summers
So I feel bad for Paul for dragging into that
uh... confusing with mark somers and i also feel
sorry for mark somers that's where he ended up
well you know but that's the kind of thing where you can't feel sorry for
mark somers
who walked into a booth
read some stuff and walked out with uh... with a really good paycheck don't
have a lot of your story
yet but don't all of them on camera too that is yeah
was he holding a pumpkin was he carving a pumpkin he was sitting in like a
like a booth like a fifty steam diner
And in between each segment he would make like puns and you'd have like a little visual aid right all right
Maybe I am feeling a little sorry for marks
You want to know what there's people who mark summers
Mark summer is probably got offered that straight up and didn't have to it was more that was mark summer's call he was not
Begging for that job. They probably called and said hey. Here's an offer mark. Would you do this thing?
Yeah, I'll do it and he goes down. He does it and any leaves. It's easy. Yeah
My high school broke mark summer's nose
why
uh... he was on double there and uh... with like family double there and i
guess he was
it it's going to sound like one of those like urban legends but enough i'd
never had a teacher cuz i was on all the dumb math classes but uh... i know
enough people over the years like hundreds of people that have seen the
video where
he got excited when it's family one apparently he swung his arms back and
hit mark somers in the face and
they went to commercial supposedly he broke his nose
wow
they later use that the movie uh... recount on hp
thanks andrew
fm you're on the air
hi tom high-paul
is this
this is power call erica from baltimore erica hello
i'm good
have one for the topic let's hear it
alright alan ball
from uh... you know created six feet under
true blood is so bad that i i find myself feeling sorry for him his new
series i only watched
three episodes and i can't do it
i love six feet under it's so that shows so bad i feel anger at him i don't feel
bad for him at all
now i mean a lot of its anger and we just watched uh... my boyfriend hadn't seen
six feet under we watched all five seasons
did you love the whole did you love all six feet under like from the word go
not the first time i watched it but i watched it the second time because i
knew that
ending of it it just was the best finale of any show i've ever seen but then you
You find all those people vastly unpleasant and hard to spend an hour with every week
for five years?
I believe me.
I agree with that.
And Erica, I watched every episode of that show.
When it was over, I never felt such joy like, thank God, I never have to see those people
again.
Yeah, they really, they are awful and frustrating, but I loved that show.
Alan Ball.
Did you feel that way, Paul, about when Studio 60
reached critical mass and when it was just a,
where literally it was the dog pile on it
must have just been stifling.
I could, that show, what was amazing to me about Studio 60
was that each episode was worse than the last episode
and you would think, well, this week it can't be worse
than the last one, because the last one was the worst thing
I ever saw.
And then it would be worse, like somehow you pulled it out.
and it was even worse when they added in that weird terrorism thing where my brother
kidnapped
by the terrorists
that was
that was just nuts
yeah i could never i could never feel sorry for that
thank you erica
i can't
fm you you're on the air
a time before you do it
do it is
this is our top from chicago
top of chicago
has everything in chicago tonight toddy of uh... obama mania in full effect
obama mania yeah and uh...
i'm actually originally from st. Louis to just kind of a racist i don't know
and i was just down there and a lot of uh... obama stuff there too
i've never heard that before i'd ever i don't know much about st. Louis
really
yeah
sorry
well um
i had something for the topic
you remember the show quant quantum leap from like 10 years ago 15 years ago
Yes.
Yeah.
This is about ten when the show was on and during the season finale I had my whole family
was watching it and I had to excuse myself to the bathroom to go cry but I realized
while I was crying that I wasn't crying because of the show like it was a sad ending but crying
because I didn't think my parents would have anything to watch on Sunday nights.
Wow.
Kind of, so it kind of folds in on itself because now I look back and I think, and I've kind
what you care what i i think you're very you're very sensitive yes
yet to other people i don't know you're sensitive to other people's feelings
that reminds me of a show
that i felt so a tv show that i felt sorry for
which was archie bunkers place yet
that's the other thing you feel sorry for those shows those
misfires like archie bunkers place
after-mash where after-mash i feel really sorry for after-mash where they must
have just been like we're going to keep this going yeah
It's great, it's clinger, and radar, and somewhat,
Colonel Potter, and Father Mulcahy.
It's just the idea.
Whose character is now deaf?
Was he deaf on...
In the last episode of Mass, you went deaf.
And then it was like, oh, I guess I'm deaf now.
So after Mass, and the quantum leap,
and it's just feeling sorry for these things,
that people are making truckloads of money on,
even in failure.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Thank you, young man.
Young, sensitive man.
Do you know what movie I don't feel sorry for?
Which I saw a little bit of the other day
and I hadn't seen since it came out when I was a child.
Is it Tron?
You do or don't?
I do not.
You don't?
This is terribly boring.
It's so bad.
It's awful.
It's awful.
But the cynicism of it, like,
let's just get into this right away.
Kids like this, this new video game.
Video game.
You get me a video game script in this all.
We're shooting a video game.
You know that someone at Disney was like,
this is the date we're releasing
of this video game movie.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm telling you the date right now. Yeah, I don't care what it takes
You get me a video game movie and it's such a cheapo Star Wars rip-off where it's like yeah
Yeah, yeah, just like what happened in Star Wars old man
Weird thing that doesn't that makes blips and bleeps we got that
We got the one hero the woman the renegade hero. Yeah, all we need a villain the larger villain
and then the villain, right, right, right, right.
I like what I liked about Tron was the effect
when Jeff Bridges gets zapped into the game.
Yes.
That was like, you could hear it,
like it must have been in the script,
and then he gets zapped into the game.
Like it was that cynical.
Yeah.
And then when you watch it, it's also,
it's made for people to just get high too, also,
where it's like, there's just five minutes stretches
of just like, let's watch this ship fly on that string
or whatever, or that cable.
That hanger?
Yeah.
That thing go for four minutes.
Let's watch that bracket float around.
It's like that bracket bouncing, throwing, throwing.
But I have to admit, David Warner was terrifying
in that movie.
David Warner's great.
The master control program.
That's why you do battle on the game grid.
End of line.
just my just master control program dual role yes he was he was simple role if
you count the guy in the world yeah yeah then he's the program inside the
machine and also the master control program he was both all three like
Peter Sellers no he really was a genius that's what he was yeah yes FM you're
on the air good evening Tom good evening Paul oh good evening your your
Lordship
This is Stephen in Chicago. Oh Stephen even
Yeah, how are you Stephen? I'm well. How are how are both of you? Well, thank you. Okay, very good
I I I have something for the topic. Let's hear it
So I think it was around 2003 or 2004 the the band the creation
Reformed mm-hmm and they were playing in Chicago and for some for some reason
And it was really ramped up in the little community of music fans that I would encounter.
Everybody was like, you're going to go to the Creation Show or their playing.
The Creation did that song, making time, bounce, bounce, bounce, out, out.
And yeah, it was in Rushmore, so that was, I guess there was some heat from that still.
So they played, and so it was at the small club, and it was packed, and they opened
with bit bit bang pal and then
played like two other songs and then played making time
and then played i think
was a painter man i think it's
paint a man
yeah
paint a man
yeah
played that
and it was it i mean you know these are these are guys that are
kind of long in the two
base players going for this kind of like rowdy punk look thing and
uh...
is kind of
sad witnessing that
in another self but then they played the rest of their set
and played their last song
and then without any sort of like
suggestion from the audience the lead singer's like
okay
do you want to hear making time again
and it is just such a bummer i'd never see i've been going to show for
a while and had never seen anything like that. That's sad. That's kind of a bummer. The one thing
that bummed, I actually saw them play also. The thing that bummed me out, I think, with most of
those groups, I think they had the young drummer, where it's like, it's all the old dudes up front
and then like some 29-year-old, like all the, because the original drummer is so way out of shape
can't hold his own that thing yeah thank you Stefan somebody just put up on the
on the friends of Tom chat they put up so they feel sorry for that movie Mac and
me which I I you can't feel sorry for that you can't it's like a corporate it
was like a McDonald's movie but who you end up feeling sorry for not only your
George Harbink's thing right like this little alien like this poor little guy
It's caught in the middle of all this corporate negotiation. He doesn't he don't deserve that
He didn't ask to be dropped in the middle of this this 90-minute infomercial
But it's also I feel sorry when those things are like
We're like everyone doing it knows they're doing an ET rip-off
Mm-hmm, and they just have to say like well no ours is different because right. It's like oh
Oh, why?
Because the alien likes French fries and the Reese's pieces.
I will say again, we are joined by Paul F. Tompkins
in the studio.
He is the funny, funny man.
Who?
Oh, no, no.
You go ahead.
He is going to be the permanent host of Best
Week Ever on VH1.
Hope so.
Now the show's called Best Week Ever with Paul F. Tompkins
and it debuts this Friday night on VH1 at 11 p.m.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, Tom and Paul, how are you?
Good.
Doing all right.
I think I know who this is.
This is John and Philadelphia.
It's my old friend, John and I went to high school together.
Real disclosure.
Wow.
This is true.
We remain friends to this day.
Oh, that's nice.
Isn't that nice?
Yes.
We're nice guys with each other.
John called a few weeks ago,
and you uh... police a little bit like uh...
paul jimani
yeah
if you said i'm and uh... i got inside my head for a few days i got it
did you talk like this
i think i will ask for going
i was trying not to and uh... i don't think i do normally but i was trying
even more not
but i would be at work talking to somebody and he i'd be thinking i wonder if
this guy is thinking man that's how you sound like him
i'd say that did sound like it
uh... which i didn't anyway
yet to which is a topic
what's the work the topic
what do you feel sorry for lady in the water
hahahaha
john adams
i get these uh... these scam emails all the time you know we all do i guess
yeah
but uh... i always go back to the ones where they misspell half the words
i think they're never going to make a living this way
this ripoff artist
is not going to fool anyone
which is poorly worded
it's more than a word of skin
yet and from the
the do buy prince and like even do buy a spell wrong
that is the ultimate
it was our because this person
is out to bill q
and you're feeling compassion for
i figure they're from a poor country and what are they going to do they have no
industry there yes and uh... they should get a spell check
I guess it's almost like the mac-and-me argument that I feel sorry for knock-off products
You know like like almost anything in the 99 cent store. I feel bad for like yeah
Like even a pack of hangers like they're they're cheap
Bad plastic hangers are gonna break so fast like if you try when you're when you're when your closet is kind of tightly packed
And you just try to pull it off the hanger. Yeah, the hanger will break in half
You know like that that bums me out. Yeah, when I see the Pat when I see them in the package the toys at the 99 cent store
Oh heart-breaking base adventure
And it's just like some weird silver gun or something
it's like
you're like
space adventure oh
Whoa is the kid sword warrior playing with these base adventure toys not gonna last long form or the or the western toys
like the western team. No kid wants that. They don't even know what that is. Yeah,
exactly. Weird hat or something. I don't know what that is. That's a bow and arrow.
Well, thank you for the call. Thanks, John. Good. I'll see you around. Thanks,
giving. Definitely. FMU, you're on the air. Hello. Who's this?
Nope. This is Paul from Indiana, Indiana swing state.
we've said we hope so
leaning mccain now
from strong mccain to leaning mccain
well they'll go to
forty four years
order for anyone but a republican
what can i do for you tonight but i just want to offer a
to the topic things you feel sorry for but despite yourself let's hear it
uh... dan non-hand
he was known as p we morris in the parkies movies
do you mean that actor
cuz i was reading article on the list six years ago and he's working at a
call center non-profit
the articles just what he runs
makes uh...
run to his parents place
everyday to check his answer machine
to see what offers there are
i'm gonna say though
that's when you feel sorry for who you should feel sorry for that's kind of
a bummer yeah yeah
it is because
it was so poignant the article it was just
although you can make a case this guy had a taste of it
he got further than most people
he's immortal he's a god now maybe a further than he should have even
got exactly
what's true one to consider
one to consider
fm you you're on the air
high-term and poll this is from here in florida or hello
how are you tonight samir
i'm very well thank them
i'm going to be michelle obama speak tomorrow which is very exciting
that is exciting
but it's where that
something
some big name like that comes to gain felt that the big deal i'm looking
forward to that
i feel like i haven't seen her that much lately and then i saw on the news
the other day and i kind of
it's not like i forgot about her but it was like
i sort of forgot
oh she she also is part of this yet i think they they send her out to like the
no offense on this on some air
tertiary markets
you know i got it
you know
and i mean seriously though i'm not looking and it's not that
it's just the way it goes there there's only
so many days on the calendar
and there's only so many
guys who are running for president won
on the democratic side
there's only so many guys running for vice president they send that they have
a map
and then they send the the wives out to the other places just to just to
be a presence
and i think you know
and obama's not going to go to gainsville
no offense what they're going to go to the tom pettie museum
tom pettie
i'm pretty i'm pretty honored i'm pretty honored to have to a cheery market
that's right what would it be the quad
quit quadriary market
going to the power of seven
that is exactly whatever that would be come up
So what do you have for the topic, Samir?
All right, well, I feel sorry for Harrison Ford
when you think about Indiana Jones 4.
Now, bear with me, because you imagine
that he was offered the film and thought,
oh, cool, a chance to work with Spielberg again
and get back into that character and maybe get some acclaim
because his last few films have sort of been forgotten.
And then he was really excited about it.
And then just he signed it.
He signed on, and then you imagine next day
just opened the script and just what what I've got to lie in a fridge what
what and just that he probably that's why he looked so joyless throughout the
film as a I would trace it maybe even a little further down the line right where
when he saw that first cut of it and he was like this stinks this is not good
people are gonna be very mad at me exactly but then you know you like you
he said you can't feel too bad for him because he's a twenty-five man of cash
he's the most popular movie star of all time
like the most
the biggest box office star in the history of cinema
so you can't you can't feel too bad for us yeah
but you can't do that
on the side
can't do that that is the topic
thank you samir
uh... good night boat early
vote often
I would if I could, but not this time.
Yes, all right.
FM you, you're on the air.
Hello.
Hi.
Hi, this is Peter from Minneapolis.
Peter from Minneapolis.
Solid, Democrat state.
That's right.
What's up?
Well, I'm eating a giant bowl of mashed potatoes
at the moment, but I have.
FM you, you're on the air.
Hey, how you guys doing tonight?
I'm going to press it from Northern Virginia.
pick your spots i agree
i agree northern virginia that's the fake virginia
exactly exactly and and before we go there let me just let me just say
you brought up some sadness
i know what you're talking about with this topic you brought up remo
williams
and i think i
was sad for about five years waiting for that from eight eight to thirteen
wait for the next waiting for the adventure to continue and then you
realized it was not going to happen
well and it was like and a clock you know it was like
okay this is going to happen like a big reveal
but you were you were you were young enough to think well of course they're
going to make another one of these
well of course yeah sure of course yeah
and and it had so much to offer i mean if if i remember correctly
friend ward at the end of it had learned to dodge bullets
and uh...
and
chin
had just uh... shown he could walk on water
though i mean they had a lot to offer i mean there's twenty twenty the mind
there
so you wanted to see with him with that this new skill set
it was going to take into
rema williams the adventure continues
oh my god it would be
let me think about it think about it i mean
prayer you got fred ward i mean i can even i know the the box at arles
member arles
video
don't know all right sorry
now it's been made it
Hey, you know what?
I'm gonna just find Evan.
Sure.
I should tell everybody about Best Week Ever.
Hey, everybody.
This is highly irregular,
but Best Week Ever, in case you're not familiar with it at all,
this is exceedingly awkward.
It's a short VH1, it's been on since 2004.
It's like a week in review show.
It was born out of the, I love the 80s,
I love the 90s, all those.
Somebody thought it'd be funny if we did a show that was I love this past week essentially best week ever
It's made a bunch of other people including the wrestler Jericho
He's no longer on the show
He also once accused me of stealing jokes from him. I don't know where the wrestler Chris Jericho thought
That that would ever happen that I would steal jokes from him, but I
I didn't. I want to use this opportunity to clear my name on the air. I have not ever stolen jokes, much less stolen jokes from the professional wrestler Chris Jericho.
I would like that put down in the record. So thank you, Tom, for this opportunity. I do appreciate it. I hope everyone will watch this Friday at 11.
at 11 and tonight at 11 for until from tonight through through the rest of this
week best day ever building a little three-minute show we do this week and
next week Monday through Thursday 11 to 1103 kind of arcing up to the exactly
it's a little taste a little taste with your appetite and I want to say first of
all thank you for coming down tonight it was my pleasure thank you for having
time secondly this best week ever it's perfect for you oh well thank you this
is the job you were meant to have thank you you're going to kill it on this
job it's gonna be fun this guy's gonna light it on fire I will going to we
got really we got four calls to go through in two minutes watch this FM you
you're on the air
uh... yes
it's a friend
and each man
and then it's going on right what are you up to tonight
uh... and i know that i just had to work in our project which is a pain in the
butt
so now i want to go ahead and go over a second uh...
top ball congratulations on the new gig the taking over best week is i can't
wait to see it
thank you each man i do appreciate that you you were nice enough to write on
my facebook wall
yes of course any time
well not any time to do it sparingly
not as frequently anytime but i'm saying
any time you ask i will do it okay i i appreciate the way this guy policy
asked when he's going to get something written on his facebook wall
but i was saying that i was saying that i was saying that if you ever want to
want more frequently than i usually would read it
that's fine again it sounds like it's a lot more trouble so what uh... what
what h man
when i'm going to get you down here again
as you know you are my protege you will take over the you will run the store
someday
you have not some time in like
late December early jerry i have a woman's offer a account on it
break book book book at each man and around them around that time will you
also write something in my face book wall
yes sir any
all of you know yes whenever thanks to man
uh... familiar on the air
i don't know who's this
uh... this is and i'm calling from providence
and from providence what do you have for the topic
uh...
a new story just kind of opened up in
my mom
it's called it's a puzzle
i feel so sad already i do what it's awful it's always empty every time i
like i'm just like
too bad
thank you and i think
fm you you're on the air
it comes with the t
listen to you real fast what do you got for the topic
uh... europe al kevin smith
read a story today online about uh... he's gotten so fat he's got a lose weight
and his uh... epiphany was when
he broke
a toilet sitting on it
and uh... he goes into detail about the uh...
the whole thing and i and i almost felt sorry for him but then i was like
oh wait it's kevin smith
and uh... and i do have actually have to take issue with the mister f th
thompkins
and you know jackson has now surpassed
uh... harrison ford as the all-time
box office champ
said that you're saying that the movies of seven o'clock jackson has been in
have made more money
three-star with me i think in my capacity in in my capacity as a
researcher for a venerated
uh... entertainment news magazine i had to read the
entry in the Guinness book in which they outline
uh... his successes you know what would put on the top black snake mone
yet no i i think it was a mason andrew was the one that came and i don't think
it was a caveman
but uh... thank you no i think i was movies i think was the one that didn't
evans get on me right now i gotta go alright then
i wish i could take the rest of these calls but i can't
it's time for the evan funk davy show now i want to send a final message out
first of all thank you paul of tomkins for coming down it's always an honor to
have you here is my honor to be here
best week ever starts this friday
eleven p.m. on vh1 best week ever with paul of tomkins
don't miss it
now i want to say i i i don't know if i'm gonna be here next week
there's something that might come up but if i'm not
i'm going to send a message right now
because that will mean i'm back on election day
just remember first of all the uh... new bridge uh... may open tutorial
election goes uh...
it goes for two more weeks
votes all all the votes this week after two votes all those next week after
three votes
and
realize
that what you have to do is go vote for the president of this is stupid i
don't send stupid
using this and obviously everybody should go vote
this is the caveat i want
only vote
if you're going to vote for obama
i'm serious
If you're going to vote for McCain, don't bother,
because you're dumb.
Stay home.
Odds are you're in a state that's
going to lose to Obama anyway.
Save the gas.
You want to help the environment.
Save the gas.
Drive into the thing to go vote for McCain.
Everybody who's going to vote for Obama, go vote for him.
You're going to vote for McCain.
Don't do it, because it comes on seriously.
Do I even have to make the case right now?
No.
But who is going to make the case, famed right-wing DJ
on the station, Evan Funk Davies,
is going to do a three-hour tribute to John McCain
through the seven-inch format.
It is called Red, White, and Black.
John McCain at 45 RPM.
Turn table one?
Yes.
Might I add my first song is called No Lies,
which is specifically going out from john mccain to brock obama for all the
lives that he's been spreading over the last several months yes
bill airs
thank you everybody