The
S-Radio Show, Ever.
Hey, who's this?
Well, I am by the sale of Governor Valvin.
Hi, it's, uh, Gerald Perlmutter.
Tom Sharpling, Governor of Party.
Hey, Tom, it's Purple Sir.
Hey, Tom, it's Mark Michaels.
This is Richard Card, Mr. Card.
What's your name?
Baron.
Baron.
And what's inside the two?
Why? Maurice Kurt? Horrifying.
Hey, Thomas Bruce.
Tommy!
Who's this?
Genji Vitis.
Genji Vitis.
Yes, they have Rick Velodia at the wall. I guess it was.
I hate you.
It's Peter.
Hey, it's Steinberg.
Mm-hmm.
You are creepy and I'm hanging upon you.
Boing.
Roger Depp.
My name is Ollie Fairnock.
I'll say it. You'll hear it.
You'll do it.
I'll get it. You'll learn it.
I'll live with it and you'll die without it.
Smash your trash.
There's a culture to call.
Good day.
What's up, Tom? It's just them.
Hey, it's Michelle.
Yes, Tom.
This is Jim Ripple. How you doing?
When I get to do the toilet talk now.
The Bardville is a new century.
My name is Tom Riley.
I'm calling from New Zealand.
Hey, man, it's Brian.
Hey, no, no, that's a tent pole.
It's a tent pole show.
Hey, this is Tedlia.
Whaaat?
This is Pete from the Future.
Hi, Tom. It's DJ Terry Chase.
Hey, from Knoxville.
Supercaller.
It's Officer Tom.
My name is Mike Sayjack.
Get off my phone. I don't care.
I'm going to go with your bed now, bye for everyone.
Hey Tom, it's Gordon.
How are you?
I was in a band in the early 90s, my name is Jerry Page.
Hey Tom, my name is Jeffrey Ludell.
It's a fat disease wilder right in the neck, isn't it?
The disenfranchised have a home now.
I'm the hero of the disenfranchised.
Yes!
I get through the streets you angel.
You know where to go?
Down there here to the night.
You know the night isan Anyway!
It's summer.
Take shot and hail herfoghel.
You.
And you and me
And you and me
And you
And you and me
And you and me
She's a fan figure of a man in handsome too
He's a fan figure of a man in handsome cheer
We desire to find the secret lessons we'd like to learn
Still we know, still we know, still we know, how
Did I hope if you happened to have
He's got all the things you need and some that you will never
Put your niggas out like roses, you need to love with laughs, never
Still, he knows what you want and what you don't love
And I hope that you're out there now
But I hope that you're out there now
I guess you're supposed to be
And I know that this will hurt you
My little head hurts me
We'll be checking in on something bright so you know what is ever
Like a magic of wish, product set, while we are divein' after
I know now, I never looked, when I had a home
I know now, I never looked, when I had a home
I know, I know now, I know now
I know, I know now, I know now
it does
it does
You were the very first one
You were the first one
I'm the very first one to get it out of the air
You say that in life there is no time to take me home
You'll take me home, you were the first one
And I'd like to say you were the first one
I love you to stay
When I'm in your story of your mistakes
And I let's keep to life
And come on down to me
I need a voice
And send me the voice
And I'll tell you, you were the first one
And I'd like to say, you were the first one
And I would like to say
I'm not gonna say you were the first one, I'll get you saved
You're the best one I'd like to say You're the best one
You were the first one I loved someday
You were the first one I loved someday
You were the first one
You are the first that I have
All the time that I'm paid
And you rise to the pain
And the tears that I've bought
Just before that I was gonna kiss you
You are the first one
And I'd like to say, You were the first one, And I then used to stay, You were the first one, I'd love me something, You were the last one, Please come back something
Okay.
Very fast slide
What's wrong with you?
What's wrong with you?
I want 15 pounds of ribs Deep fry with some fun lips on my side
Don't deserve it cause she wants some ice cream
Number five, do you see this now?
My baby's mad, can you tell me?
You're mad, baby, it's hard to breathe
I love her, I love her, I love her
I just love you, I just love you
She's so bad at her, let me tell you all about it, I took my lady to go, a gay plan, a poor woman, she took me right from two of the cleaners, even stole my prior plan, all I wanted was a little romance, a little jacuzza on the side,
Instead I want a booty girl
Three times it's only on the side
Oh, I'll be the best
She's ugly, she's ugly
I love her, I love her
I love her, I love her
She's ugly, she's ugly
Oh, man
She's so bad at ugly
God damn it
I'll be the best
She's ugly, I really, really love her
Well, yeah, she's fast, she's ugly, I really, really love her
Yeah, she's fast, she's ugly, I really, really love her
Yeah, she's fast, she's ugly
Wooooooow!
Oh, when she tells me to bring home some fakin'
My baby makes me bring down the ground
My baby makes me bring down the ground
Come here, I'll know who you gotta load, baby
Stop it, pass it over to the installing babies
Let me in you...
You gotta see who you are
FMor, you're on the air
Dude you got a step, jopping man, we're road tripping
and you got our dog yawning
Play for some music man
Hey! Why don't you zip it?
It's been like 20 minutes just played to hear
New order song come on. We want to hear some Howard Jones. You want to hear some Howard Jones? Hey, you know what I hope you do
I hope
You who are you with?
I'm with my dog. Uh-huh and my girlfriend. Okay. I hope the dog flips out and maul's all of you. Oh
Yeah, okay. She's a whip it. I don't think that's gonna happen. Get off my phone. How dare you?
Dude, you got to play some more music
Music music you're gonna push me into the party zone you talk like that. Don't push me into the party zone
With this fun. We'll just have fun
You're rockin' slow, but then crayons
And when you're reachin' for the top show
There isn't any debate
Don't wait for this to be true
Don't wait for my show
Don't wait for my show
Wherever you went, I got you, I got you
Come on, you have you
All right, all right, all right
Let's make this happen
Let's make this happen
Let's make this happen, we got a biggie tonight
There's your shot
There's your shot
It's a chuck, it's just a shot!
It's a shock, and the shock, it's just a shot!
It's just a shock, and the shock.
Alright, yeah, let's go time, go time, best show time.
Let's do this, best show style.
that sound. Big night tonight, big night. So anyway, what? What is it? Yes, that's right.
This is the best show on WFMU. My name is Tom Sharpling. I'm the host of tonight's installment.
I don't like that background music.
I don't like that background music.
I don't like it. Kind of that much of a gap.
What am I running here? How much of a gap?
It's not goofball time.
to see that it kicks right into it. We'll get it. Get it on the next go around.
Oh brother! Let's settle in. Big night. Tonight the Mayouba tutorial debates taking place
over at the uh Newbridge debate pavilion. I'm gonna head over in a little bit.
We will be broadcasting live from there, hopefully, not sure.
We'll also be featured on a couple of the local channels.
Let me back announce what we heard first.
King Kong and the shrines from their hot new record, the supreme genius of King Kong.
That's right.
Gotta talk more into the mic.
That's on the Vice label.
A division of we records, I think we, so I think Vice is part of the we empire, right?
Which is ultimately part of Larry Flint publications.
That great patriot, Larry Flint, trust me, that guy would burn the Constitution if he
could get eight dollars for it.
So on we heard, took my lady to dinner.
Before that unrest from their classic, perfect teeth album, song called Makeout Club.
Hot stuff all around kicking it off.
Elvis Costello and the attractions.
I hope you're happy now.
I hope you, the WFMU listener is happy now, because finally, it's debate time tonight.
Finally.
It goes down tonight.
The 2008 Mayouba Nitorial Debates.
Coming up very shortly.
FM you, you're on the air.
Hello Tom!
uh... right
get it out of a while into running for mayor
of new bridge
politician
no i think you would have been a great i mean i know nothing about new bridge
because i'm from queen that's right
but uh... i think you would make a good good mail i don't know who steven running
even our thank you uh... spike you'll find out tonight
in the gubernatorial debates there's all kinds of candidates
thank you mike
mike
i made mike walk out to juniors
in brokalen
to bring me a uh... uh... a slice of uh... cheesecake
all of the there's also june is in uh... grand central don't tell them
it was funny he walked across the bridge in every i mean walk it backwards
I actually tried that.
You ever eat at that place, juniors?
Oh, not since I was a child.
Yeah.
My mother used to take me there once in a while.
Not the world's healthiest place.
I'm going to say.
A lot of garbage food.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, I get you.
I'm not a big cheesecake person.
Yeah, you and I, we're both getting older.
We can't just eat this stuff anymore.
I know, well I'm six years away from being old.
Yeah, I know, but you gotta stay in shape, right?
I know, yes, I'm trying to get there.
Trying to get there, oh, you do exercise, Spike?
Yes, I told you last week, I go walking.
You know, sometimes I walk home from work,
for my regular job, not from the dungeon.
Yes.
You know, so.
And I guess general skulking also burns off the calories,
right?
Oh, I don't do skulking.
You don't?
No, I don't skulk.
You don't skulk?
No.
You seem like a little...
You seem like a skulker.
No.
If I had to...
If I had to put money on it, I would say spike skulks.
No, I only skulk at the side of people under 25.
There you go.
So how'd you like it last week with the H-Man?
It was fascinating.
Fascinating radio.
It was?
Oh, yes.
You think he's got what it takes?
I seem to be trained a little bit more. I think he can get it.
Maybe, uh, maybe you need to train him.
Oh, that's why I mentioned two weeks ago when you announced it.
Yes, you did. You did coach him. You two were hitting it off.
Yes. You two were hitting it off nicely.
You know?
it was it was uh... it was a surprising to hear uh...
the two you getting along like it like uh... like old friends bookends
i think that that i would like to get to be trained a little bit yes exactly
it's a calm down a little bit useful in discretion i gotta say though
he's not going to want to hear this
he's not ready to to uh... to take over it yet
i can't hand him the keys
I can't hand him the keys to the shop just yet.
No, it'll be in two years.
Exactly.
He's the lead candidate.
He's not there yet, though.
Yeah.
So when do you go to Boston?
Right after Labor Day, the Tuesday.
OK.
And when are we going to get you down here?
Oh, I wasn't, you know, my schedule, you know, I'm always in and out, you know, I just have to work out my schedule.
But if you came down, just pictured three hours of spike, spike radio is on the air, right?
Mm-hmm.
You're just running the show, taking the calls, playing the records, you set the topic, everything.
It's all spike.
That would be interesting, but it might take away from the mistake.
yeah i'm thinking
on both sides of the issue
i know what you're worried about
you're worried about there being a uh... uh... a phalanx of cops down here
right
all yet that too
that's him
officer that's that's the guy who is looking in my window
right is that you're worried about
all yet that too
that too
well we wouldn't want to ruin the mystique spike
i'm gonna say uh... thank you for calling and you have a good night that
how we end up with a gentleman
well i may call back for the topic if there is a topic tonight well i look
forward to your uh... to your next call
well very well
very good have a good night okay yes sir
fm you you're on the air
oh hi tom
this is uh... my name is jim i'm from stony point new york
you're showing off
you know it's a nice town
I'm actually from grassy point
it was agglomerated by a stony point
so I can relate to the disenfranchised among your audience
but listen I'm not calling about where I'm from
or where I live now I'm actually originally from Jersey
I always appreciated your appreciation of that state
especially in the face of New York and specifically Brooklyn
i want to point out uh... quickly that there's a uh...
the perfectly good cheesecake place in glenborough
new jersey
and uh...
you know so white
white support uh... what's left of uh...
the infrastructure of brooklyn
we should we should hasten their demise to the uh... cocaine kickball economy
that they've uh...
seemingly to come to you know
i love it that this guy don't mince words
hey listen i'm like uh... you know i would like to hear you
a-listen
he'll
he'll
i'm done saying get off my phone by the way
i think i'm switching to he'll
what do you think about that mike
he'll
think it's got kind of a uh...
i don't know it's got a little bit of a uh... like a
nautical feel to it
evo
now exactly it's ours now
fm you're on the air
welcome it's julie from since nadie how are you tonight
all i'm so good how are you doing okay
you sound so happy
all i'm trying
trying good
you know what that's good
and glad
so what's what's going on in since nadie tonight
Oh, nothing. I took my dog for a walk.
Okay, Yetta.
Yeah. She's allowed to go into the bar with me if she behaved herself.
Oh, boy.
Yeah. Hey, um, I think he's whole.
It kind of reminds me of Snow White in the Seven Dwarfs, though.
I don't think that's that foot.
That's high though.
I know, but I, I believe you're right, but it reminds me of that.
So when you say that, I think you're like tiny.
Telling you.
There's nothing I can do about the wiring in your head.
No, you can't.
The connections you're going to make?
I can't do nothing about that.
Well, I'm trying to help because whatever connection I make,
seriously, I really believe everyone else makes it.
They're just like me.
So you're just like, you're like, everybody.
You're like Josephine lunch pail.
Who's that?
The common man and woman.
yes
the slob
every day people
that's me
everybody i'm everybody
um... yes
during the debate uh-huh
would you ask
i'm really pulling for filly boy roy
no kidding
but uh...
would you ask him what he's going to do for the children
Write that down to a banana bed question.
Yeah.
Well, let me ask.
Philly boy, or I'll ask Philly boy, Roy.
What are you going to do for the children?
Yeah.
What?
I will ask him.
Oh, thank you so much.
No problem.
Thank you, Julie.
You have a good night.
You have a good night, Tom.
No, you have a better night.
You have the greatest night ever.
Oh, I will.
Now, thank you.
I'm sincere.
Bye.
I actually have a feeling, I have the worst feeling I've ever had about the show ever.
You know why?
Solid spike call, solid Julie call.
That means the wheels are going to come off this thing, but good in a little bit.
That means we're heading for the maybe the worst show in best show history.
Or maybe the greatest, maybe this is the perfect show.
I mean, this is the one that gets put down as the master work.
Hey, Mike, they forgot to give me a knife with this cheesecake.
Why don't you walk back and get me one?
He's actually doing it.
There he goes.
So anyway, the new bridge may open a tutorial debate coming up a little bit. I'm going to head over to the pavilion
Still working on these 5,000 Myspace friends. It's going terribly
It's going so slowly. First of all, how many people are in the chat, Mike?
39. That's off. That's off the usual. Now usually we're in the mid to high 50s.
It's falling apart. Best shows falling apart. I don't like it. It's over soon.
The scenes are starting to show, the scenes are starting to show, not good at all.
So anyway, MySpace.com slash sharpling, a C-H-A-R-P-L-I-N-G.
I'm trying to get to 5,000 friends, I have like 3,500, it's slow going.
I even freed it up so bands can sign up now.
I even lifted the blocker on that because that was, that was holding things up.
So anyway, where were we?
Are you watching the Olympics, Mike?
Here and there.
Are you a fan of women's volleyball?
The women's beach volleyball?
You like that?
Walsh in May?
Six feet of sunshine?
When she goes up and blocks those shots?
Yeah, just stuffs it back in their face
Get these other teams that try to hit it boom she goes up jams it
Can't put it past you sick foot three. What are you gonna do?
You're gonna eat volleyball when she's doing it
doof
I think I'm the only one who likes the U.S. basketball team.
I like watching it at 8 a.m.
It's fun to wake up and have basketball on TV.
It's fun.
i enjoy it
was watching that uh... that they were playing a grease the other uh... morning
half the uh...
half i would say a full fifty percent of the uh...
the degree the grease uh... team
the men's basketball team
looked like
they look like mike verbiglia
half of them
say full fifty percent
and then uh...
was watching that trampoline stuff last night
that was uh... that was uh... nuts
how are these things added to the olympics though not trying to be the
The guy is like, these things aren't sports.
What's going on here?
Yeah, like baseball is a sport.
Like these adults who are like, there's four sports,
baseball, football, basketball, and hockey.
That's it.
No, there's like 80,000 sports,
but they're all stupid, except for basketball.
Which is God's sport because it is a game that is oh so simple and oh so complex at the same time
Not like
Yeah, the late-grade Mike and the mad dog
Last week or two weeks ago Mike Mike here not Mike Francesa
The associate producer Mike was bragging about how he was going down to the shore to see
Mike and the mad dog do their show live with Southside Johnny.
Looks like that ain't happening.
Wonder how crushed Southside Johnny was when he heard the news.
Oh no, that ain't good, we're having a party, there's only six people here, nobody really
cares.
Southside Johnny, the Asbury Jukes, I don't know what's in worst shape, Asbury Park or
the asbury jukes
that band kind of
met you can chart them against
asbury park
the actual city they actually
do you could do it on a graph and it would line up perfectly
although i am quite the fan of uh... trashed it up
their sleet that was the album worth like sasa johnny
Gonna join the video age and like they had some like dirty video
Like with some woman in like lingerie like that some porno video. It's like
You guys are the Jukes. What are you doing?
Come on Jukes, you're better than that
Mike and the mad dog packed it in Thursday night it came down mad dog was
moving on to serious radio
I heard the announcement come down a Thursday and Friday I was like I am not missing that
show.
And it did everything it was supposed to do.
Mike Francis starts off, really pompous.
We heard a great time, maybe a dog.
Maybe I wasn't the best of partners at the time, but I would think the dog would say
same and then the mad dog called up and said goodbye it was actually a touching
moment when when he started to break down when mad dog started sobbing a little
bit and then Mike Francis I had to ruin it he's like you know dog someone said
to me this is like the breakup or there's like the Beatles breaking up
this is like the Beatles break but don't worry you're John I said I don't care
just as long as a dog is Ringo but first of all I'm gonna I'm gonna poke a hole
in that theory right away first of all that would only track if a radio show
that talked about the Beatles broke up not the actual Beatles it would be like
the Beatles breaking would be like hey the hey did you who was breaking up the
New York Giants are breaking up.
That's what that would be like.
Yeah, can you believe it?
That great football team that we've all loved
is packing it in now.
The Giants are no more.
But no, this is a show where they talk about
about what the Beatles would have done. You guys aren't the Beatles. You're a Cal
Rudman. Casey Kasem. No difference. Hey, you hear who's packing it in? Scott and Todd
are packing it in. That's about the magnitude of that breakup in the real world. But you
listen to that show. It was like this. You'd think you'd think it was the ultimate tragedy
had gone down like these grown men fighting back tears you guys meant to
me everything you you guys we you were always there for like with the the Yankees
were winning everything and that that meant so much to me and you were there
when the Giants won the two Super Bowls and it meant everything in the through
all the ups and downs ups and downs what ups and downs what's uh okay and I
understand the ups are maybe when the team wins the world series that's an
up what down they don't make the playoffs these are not real ups and downs this
is all fake don't you sports fans understand it it's all fake I'm gonna
tell right now I'm gonna blow the lid off all sports right now and this is from
somebody who likes sports
there's one sports team in all the sports and they're called the athletes
that's it
they're all on the same team no matter what sport they play they're called the
athletes
they don't care
and they can't care
what they're good at
and people like me i'm doing this radio thing you think i'd go home and
study uh... radio tapes of other people
People like, oh, you listen to that podcast, this podcast?
I can't listen to that garbage.
I'm doing it.
I do it.
I don't need to hear it.
I'm living it.
I hear it in my head all day long.
I have the radio show going in my head
from the second I wake up to the second my head
hits the pillow and I sleep the sleep of the just.
In my head, I'm living the show.
I don't need to hear it.
sick you were there to all the all the ups and downs uh mike i i i you're gonna keep going
and you're gonna keep of course he's gonna keep going he's getting paid some guy works
at best buying a box falls on his foot nobody that's the guy you'd be concerned about yeah
you gotta you know you're gonna keep going even though that refrigerator fell on your
foot and broke three toes. You're going to keep going with you. That's the hero. The
slob like that. Not this, oh gee, I hope Mike is courageous enough to keep going and doing
the show for two and a half million dollars a year. I hope he can dig deep and somehow
Now pull it out.
Why don't I get a hook, hook up a, as long as I hook up a spigot of a diet coke, that
guy will keep going.
Do you ever watch that show on TV?
It's the most, that show now, will that still be on, on yes, that will be the most boring
thing I've ever seen to see that Lummick sitting there alone now.
That blob.
they just pour them into that chair in the studio
oh what a hero
and a mad dog's going a serious radio now you know my follow
he's the only guy I'll follow over to serious radio just to make an anti mic
point I'll be the only guy who buys a serious radio
saying like yeah I'm following mad dog over okay that's one
I wish we'd pay in this guy now the real fan this is the fan I'm interested in
the one in the studio that's the only fan I care about Mike and the mad dog I
can't wait to hear what they do with the the show now with the mad guy without
mad dog there'll be Mike and then it is this group of like lackeys fans too loud
can you hear that on the mic Mike FM you you're on the air hi Tom hi who's
this glory from Miami how are you tonight all right I was wondering since I have
well how are you what what how are you okay I forgot myself for a second I
i lost air for a second
opinion so
battles n
That doesn't get you fired up, the boss doesn't be like don't let me don't bring me down
Everybody I guess Temple Wama doesn't really get me pumped these days, but that's a volleyball thing
See you don't understand that that's how it is a volleyball because you get knocked down, but you get up again
Yeah, I guess though
Well speaking of ridiculous sports though, but seriously you have to admit
That the u.s. Women's Beach Volleyball squad is the best in the world well clearly
Who's your favorite Walsh or May? I?
Think probably
Yes, of course it's Walsh
She's six foot three when they go when they go do one
Two and if she goes boom on the third one. Yeah, it's pretty powerful
You know how fast they said the volleyball goes like 80 miles per hour faster 900
miles an hour. Oh really? Yes. Wow. I wasn't aware of that. I must have
read that. You need to read the the the below the head the the headline on
these things. Yeah. I get deep into the stories on these things. Yeah. Hold on one
second uh... madam
they they should be in the back
all right
we're back with lori from miami
uh... okay what was that i had a little technical thing i did you off the air
with mike
uh... okay
uh...
anyway
have you been watching the equestrian event
okay
Sorry.
Well, it's the most ridiculous thing,
massage.
And is that just like,
isn't that almost like what horse you get?
It's like, do the horses win the medals?
No, but here in massage,
during the individual performances,
they have this freestyle thing,
where they do this routine choreographed in music.
Yeah.
This one guy didn't retain to the safety dance.
That's cool.
But the thing is, with the dressage, with the treachery and events in general, the judges
pretty much make their decision before they award, so they're just-
How was that?
Well, based on, you know, reputation, they just give it away, like someone can totally
mess up.
Really?
And they just give it away, that's not a sport anymore.
I need that kind of sport, where you just get by on reputation.
You would win, but deservedly so.
I'm sick of I'm sick of being passed over in life. I'm sick of it. Is it about 33 and a third?
Yeah, that that I'm even moving on from that. Oh, I went to iTunes today
first celebrity playlist. No, not even that I'm looking at iTunes at the
like the
at the podcast like the top 100 comedy podcast you're not number one even in
the top 100 I don't believe that I looked at it was because people are
listening live sick to my stomach about it I'm looking at this list of the top
comedy podcasts. What's number one? Stand up comedy by HBO. I'm telling you look
at something. Look, Smodcast, Kevin Smith. Oh no. Number eight. That's considered
comedy. Tom Lykes show number 16. Frosty Heidi and Frank. Who are they? Some LA
radio show. I've heard that. I'm telling you, never not funny. Number 32. I almost
I'm serious. I had to fight back the urge to to to be sick.
Don't you have to pay for never not funny?
Says it's free on here.
Oh, I think they have a sample thing sick to my stomach.
Oh, look at this.
Pass over, passed over.
Well, you know, 40 year old man or whatever, I saw it on here.
Something called 40 year old man, Bill Burr has a thing on here.
That awful comedian.
I don't know who he is 40 year old boy is what it's called
Does a kid from Brooklyn have a podcast? No, he doesn't I think I could I could I could make myself ill
Looking at how how neglected this show is oh
Well, you know, it's just because people are listening live. It's not no. It's not oh
It's not the Steve doll show. That's the that's the dimwit who burned the disco records 45 years ago
no yes oh I'm not I'm nauseous now looking at this thing which is why you
know what the next contest I was doing the fanfiction contest mm-hmm it's on ice
now fanfiction contest is on ice you need a sleep team this is the next
contest I mean I don't even know what the rules are with this contest yet I
even know what the rules are but you know what it's called mm-hmm it's called
the best show world domination scheme phase one okay what is it entail we're
gonna figure it out the fact that this show needs some respect is what it
entails well what you need is a street team you need people out there I love
movies by Doug Benson number 38 oh he's not bad who's better you of course I'm
better. Well, yeah. Pass for
Houser. They're not bad either.
Who's better? You yes. I'm ill. I'm ill. I got to shut this
thing off. I'm gonna be I'm gonna be ill if I don't shut this
thing off. Yeah, just close it. Oh, closing it. I actually felt
my stomach clench up. Oh, rejected.
Better and good. I'm gonna get passed over. Thank you. Good
luck with the debate tonight. Thank you. Have a good night.
Passover. Passover yet again. Left behind. Those books should be about this show. Left behind.
Hey Michael, can you come here for a second?
Ugh, Best Show World Domination Scheme Phase 1.
Because of tonight, it is in effect.
Sick of getting passed over.
201, 209, 9368.
That's a number.
It'll open phone Tuesday before I head over to the new bridge, debate pavilion to kick
off the 2008 new bridge may open a tutorial debates man I still could not get into see
Clone Wars.
What do you have to do to get a ticket to that thing?
That state-of-the-art animation, first of all.
Was that made by fans?
Like does George Lucas know that that's out?
Or is it like a video?
Or is it just like, are you watching someone play like a Star Wars video game for an hour
half I could not imagine that remember we did that topic how much you have to pay
me for something that movie a hundred fifty dollars plus the ticket for me to
see Star Wars Clone Wars 150 plus the ticket I'm talking I want I want 150 in
my hand after it's over. Not 140 because I had to buy a ticket. Best show world domination
scheme. Phase one. It's underway. We're going to figure out the lay of the land on this
this one. I ain't laying down anymore. I'm looking at this list of podcasts that are
that are routinely thumping this show and it's unacceptable.
bill go played uh... that the mccarron pool
mccarron park pool did you go to that mike
now
and uh... jeff tweedy the uh... lead singer
apparently made fun of the brooklyn audience for not being able to clap on
on uh... the the normal rhythm
for the song
and then all the people at uh... brooklyn vegan all outraged
once you go
he's making fun of us
and then there and then other people
the thing what what what is worse
then then people going on and i think it's a fun of us is the people who go up
don't worry
he's just teasing uh... we can we can take it
he just he said it and it's funny he was having a little fun at our expense
There is not a time, there is not a group of people with less of a sense of humor than
the fair folk of Brooklyn.
He made fun of us.
So I tip my hat to you, Jeff Tweety.
Well done.
People are like, oh, he's just cranky.
That's his persona.
No, he's zung you guys, he's zung you.
Tweety one, Brooklyn zero.
I'm gonna say Tweety two, Brooklyn zero, because he took your cash, then zung you, then got
back on that bus rolled out of town.
People of Brooklyn, vegan.
That's the worst site on the internet.
This is a message to anyone who is about to post on anything.
And when you're writing something, you don't, you know, if you're going to like comment
on something, you don't have to write, not a fan, but like whenever, like there's this
one site, which is the ultimate, the ultimate collection of, of never words and losers is
this site called velvet rope.com, where it's like all the, just all the nobodies, people
who like had a record deal for 15 minutes in 1988
and they all go there and they just talk about like
as if they're at the top of the mountain
telling you how it is.
And there's this one thing that they do
at that site every time would be like,
hey, did you hear like Isaac Hayes died?
Like Isaac Hayes, RIP will be the thread.
And then like the first reply after it will be like,
not a fan but i hope his family uh...
finds comfort in this
time of uh...
tragedy
why do you have to say you're not a for like
not a fan
hey i'm not a fan
hey you hear this horrible thing happened to uh...
this guy in this band
i'm not a fan but uh...
who cares
does that what would people keep in track right now
uh... you're a fan of Isaac Hayes
like that's the most shameful thing
yeah not a fan but uh...
i send uh... my condolences to his uh...
his uh... wife and children
fm you're on the air
hey tom it's john for maple wood john from maple wood is quality caller what's
going on
uh... well i have an idea for the world domination scheme okay
i think what i'm stealing myself for a gompier
uh...
i'm thinking
you have the regular podcast
but for the short attention span group out there
which makes up a large percentage
you put out the highlight
well that's great anything anything else you want me to do uh...
they would do a third show also maybe
there was a third show just a podcast only you put in a ridiculous sound
effect in between each uh... little
call and
and anything else i should do for free
for this uh...
maybe do a show up uh... do a little dance somewhere
doing this for free
but uh... you know i'll have a vote
what do you think he'd host so far mike
i do to fm you you're on the air
high-com
hi who's this
this is cori
gory how are you tonight gory no court court with the c
gorsy
now it's cori like cori feltman
like one of the bad i'd like one of the uh... the uh... backstreet boys leo
gorsy
no good you remember those guys
so i know the backstreet boys i don't know leo gorsy you know that guy hunts
hall was still alive
hunts hall
is that amazing yes
well
so hundred and thirty one years old
they must be the oldest guy
i think the only one older is leo gorsy the two of them are still alive
there's only two backstreet boys no they were called the dead-end kids
or the dead-end kid he's really alive yes
all i know the dead-end kids are yeah they were also the uh... apple dumpling
gang right we're not the apple dumpling you got me on that one though that was
pretty good
the apple dumpling gang
so go ahead gorsy
the court um... i wanted to talk about some podcast beating you real quick
yeah go ahead
i'd i'd i'd i'm from l.a. i'm in time to just go now but i i knew frosty
hidey and frank i listen to them i know personally
and the worst show
ever heard in my life
and it has if they're in the top ten and that was that absolutely no credit
and then jimmy parto is just terrible
i would like what they
and i don't know what you mean
is very talented young man
there's no reason on earth though
that thing should be something this thing
well not to kiss your butter anything but i what you do is something real
special and on a whole other level in
of course you know it it means a lot to me honestly you know joking like what
you do mean a lot to everyone with them but i just want to let you know that
of court i know that
okay the problem is here
there's seventy
people who this show means the world to
and no one else knows it
i don't think so i mean it's really popular if you look at the popularity
like meter on it and popularity meter
yeah if you type and that's how popular it is it's like off the charts that's
the gong show
old age the audience with the arm
it could i think one more thing before i go to them sure
i think it's time you really
critically reevaluate
john from since an adi
you think i should go back and watch john from since an adi again
it was just recently released on dvd and i think i watched it and it was i
liked it a lot and i think you would too
also those thirty three note third books are terrible you should be glad
they rejected you thank you
you know i have
they can't have me now
they can't have me
that you're better than that
yeah exactly
they can't have me
just because i want to do uh...
i was going to do one on rhythm of the saints
the uh... paul simon album
which i think would have been a pretty good book
because i had some interesting stuff
mind up for it i was going to do it from the point of view
of a uh... of literally a fly on the wall for those recording sessions
It's going to be wrong.
They're all written from the point of view of like the author when he's a kid listening
to the album.
No, they're not.
Let's be fair.
They're not all written like that.
Okay, sorry.
Thanks, Gorsy.
Look, we can goof on them all we want, but we at least have to be accurate with them.
Everybody, I find out Mike is writing one of those things.
Unbelievable.
Dick's Picks Volume 14.
I thought they were supposed to go for the major works with those 33 and a third books.
Maybe I'll organize, you know what I'm gonna do?
I'm gonna beat them at their own game.
I'm gonna do a series of ones just about 10 inch records.
First one I do is found all the parts.
I'm doing found all the parts.
I'm gonna write a 400 page thing on found all the parts on everything works if you let it.
it. You know what? The old clock on the wall tells me that it's 9.05 here on WFMU
Eastarnage. WXHD Mount Hope Worldwide on the World Wide Web at WFMU.org and it is
time for me to get in my car. Mike, is the car service out there? Could you bring my
cheese cake down, I want to eat it in the car. Yes? Yes, what? That's better.
Gonna head on over to the New Bridge debate pavilion and we will pick it up
with the 2008 Mayouba tutorial debates coming up next.
In the sun, the light's a day
Waiting for the sun, right on
There's a love of the sun, the light's a day
Or in a normal life, a love of the day
Love of the sun, the light's a day
In the sun, light me by sleeping
I can't take it for too long
In patience, lowly creepin' up my spine and growin' strong
I know what's waiting left for me
Tonight I lose and fancy breathe
Now
When the night comes with the action
I just know it's time to know
And resist the stranger traction
From the giant eyes, oh
Lost in the day, got lost in the day
Time to breathe, and time to live
King Thomas and I control
The dead above us, and the night's in the day
Walking down the moonlight, the heart of making a possible night
This illusion calling me red, sun has come and turns me on
Some folks only see the mirror, we all miss them when they're gone
I love the feeling in the air
I love people everywhere
When the night comes with the action
I just know it's time to go
In this history of attraction
From that giant diamond
And you are the way they're starting
And the first first time to sing
The day, night of the morning
Nothing's worth remembering
It's a dream inside a beach
It's got a drink full of tea
This sun and sun are told
There's in the north
The light's in me
I'm walking in the moonlight
The light's in the moonlight
The light's in the moonlight
The light's in me
The light's in me
I'm walking in the moonlight
The light's in the moonlight
The light's in me
The light's in the moonlight
The light's in the moon
I love the river of love
Killing the living and living to kill
The river of love lies on pain
People beware
After we put so happy, peaceful, and careful
Now his life is lived as hers
Grim Reaper of love, Grim Reaper of love
Strice again, hello, Grim Reaper of love
Killing the living and living to kill
Grim Reaper of love has all pain
People beware
Then one needs a whipping boy
And I think that's what they told me
When they gave me no job
I have much running family
Look what's on you and that you say
The anymore is enough
Then it's down, I don't know
Every 10 minutes or so
Yeah, I'm brand new idiot
I think I've popped up out
Oh, I used to think that I was always wrong
I'd never let them out the horse before
And I turned my makeup straight
That's now I know I've got you, too
And I'll prove you're cheaper
How many times can I be better?
I guess I like the words of the village air
I'll think that like you see
Wherever I got me
I won't be your idiot If you look into my eyes
All right, we're here, the New Bridge debate pavilion.
Getting ready for the big debate.
It's a new bridge, new gubernatorial election.
Takes place once every 10 years.
Just want to say hi to everybody at home watching on TV.
I'm not sure if this is even going out over WFMU.
And I kind of can't worry about that a little bit.
That's like a radio thing I do.
You kind of say I'm much more interested in being on TV with this.
So the people with the greater tri-bridge area,
it is exciting to be on television.
Thank you for welcoming me into your homes.
I'm a little new with this, so please cut me a little bit of slack.
We're going to warm up, and everybody's filing.
It looks like everybody's kind of settled in.
Now, so we might as well get it started.
I guess everybody, thank you for coming
and welcome to the Newbridge debate pavilion.
Everybody's turned out, thank you, we're all here.
My name's Tom Sharpling.
Thanks everybody who turned out for this very exciting and auspicious occasion because
as you know we only elect a mayor every ten years in Newbridge.
So these Mayubanatorial elections are a big deal and the mayoral position of Newbridge
is a storied title and position.
For example, the legendary Mayubinatorial run
of Hutch Whitey Hutcherson, and his astonishing 80 years
as mayor.
Fantastic run.
or the late great uh...
bill whitey alba blar
uh... hero to everybody in town or the uh...
the first woman mayor of new bridge
rosemary whitey clurp
just all of the the greats who've come and gone
through this storied
position
and
it's exciting we are going to welcome a new
mayor
to the town of new bridge
this new bridge uh...
debate pavilion as you can see on television this is a magnificent
facility
holds fifteen thousand people
and it is packed to the rafters so
i should read this now actually
before uh... we get started especially considering that this uh...
pavilion was built expressly for tonight's debate
uh... came together uh...
pretty fast actually the groundbreaking ceremony was july twenty-fifth
and uh...
it is a tribute to the human spirit
that's such a monumental
accomplishment could be achieved in such a short time
so please
with that in mind
pay attention
to what i'm about to say
You must realize that the new bridge debate pavilion is built upon what is commonly known
as a temp foundation.
So these guidelines that I'm going to give to make your time at the NDP enjoyable and
survivable so we can all have a great night and get home safely.
Number one, please do not lean against the walls.
If you do need to move around, I'm going to ask you to take note of your neighbor at
at the other side of the pavilion.
Because if too many people on one end of the room
get up or shift, there could be what we call shiftage.
So ushers throughout the building
will be appointing what we're calling balance buddies,
somebody to help keep the facility on an even keel.
So things stay the way they are.
And above all, I guess I would like to remind everybody
that all of the restrooms are just for show.
sorry.
Okay, well, we're gonna get over to our candidates
in a matter of moments.
Sorry, let's, so please again, thank you all for coming.
It is an honor to have you all here tonight.
You know, some people...
Thank you. Thank you.
Some people describe a new bridge as something like a fantasy land.
So it's not surprising that we have more candidates up here than Snow Whitehead dwarves.
What? Nothing on that one?
Nothing
The boy is a tough crowd
The brother
Let's get to it tonight's candidates for the mayor of editorial election in new bridge
We have hammerhead of the new bridge hardcore party
Bishop Pablo Fontana, who's unaffiliated. Thor from Newbridge, who's a representative of the
Grassroots Movement Party. Philly boy Roy Ziegler, formerly affiliated with the Republican Party.
Bob, I guess just Bob, of the Newbridge Freedom Lovers Party. We've got Dr. Fred Myers of the
mental health party. I'm up on the pavilion behind the podium to my left,
Marki Ramon from the Gaba Gaba Hay party. To his left, Tor Halversom, who I'm not
sure if he's affiliated with any party. We've also got Paul from consolidated
cardboard, also unaffiliated with any party.
To his left, we've got Pudge Polfner, also unaffiliated,
over there, an empty spot at the podium, actually.
Right now Zachary Brimstead Esquire, also unaffiliated.
To the left, Chief Ray Plopleton of the Greasy Funk Party.
and at the uh... far end of the stage uh... associate producer mike
who is unaffiliated
with any party uh...
just one moment
as a matter of uh... ceremony
and respect
we uh...
We should do the New Bridge National Anthem, which tonight is going to be sung by a local
singer-songwriter, Barrence D'Worken.
It's here.
Thank you for coming.
Hey everybody, how's it going?
Thanks for coming here, and please, if you would all rise for the New Bridge National Anthem.
New Bridge is the kind of place where people can be free and New Bridge is the kind of
place for folks like you to be, yeah, and does a better if you're poor or if you're
out to make a score. New Bridge is a kind of place for people like you and me. New Bridge
is just what you needed to grab your fantasy dreams. New Bridge is just what you needed
for affordable jeans. Come with the jeans and jeans and jeans special back to school
He's 24 99 25 28. He's south of the row. Hey, this is not this is not a commercial
What did I say you did a commercial? Oh, I did in the middle of the national anthem. You changed that line
But was that affordable jeans? Yeah, that's not the line. It's the line of my song
It's not get him out of here come on, please parents to work in jeans. G. D. That's a school sale
Get him out of here
parents also his name is Barry that's that creep from the gas station dogs so
yeah that's right let's get things underway now just so we know the format of
tonight's debate I'm going to be asking questions to each of the candidates to
get a feel for where they stand on specific issues then we're gonna turn
the floor over to to people to get some some answers that they might be
looking for. I guess I should start at this end of the podium with Hammerhead of
the Newbridge hardcore party. How's it going? It's going okay. Thanks for
coming out tonight. Yeah, thanks everybody. Okay, please, let's get to it
Here.
Hammerhead, if I could just ask you a question about Newbridge.
Yep.
Now, the people in this town feel that things
are at a crossroads.
The schools are outdated.
The roads are in need of serious repair.
Crime is on the upswing.
What do you consider to be the most pressing need
in newbridge
well you know tom
pretty much everything you just said is is is super important
you know i think it's all
it's all kind of bad stuff you just been talking about we need to really change
stuff i think everybody
here knows the real problem that new bridge faces
and what what is that
i've seen too many week that's it shows
too much too many week that's it shows up
i'm not sure uh... what what you're in reference to hard-core shows
Okay. Oh, hardcore. Okay. So this town. Yeah. Listen, you let me talk. Okay. Okay. Okay. The floor is yours. Yeah, you're damn right. It is.
Oh, I'm sorry, sir. Shut up. I am shutting up. Listen, everybody. New bridge is an embarrassment to hardcore. I don't like it. I haven't liked it since like 1983.
Thank you. You all agree with me. I love it.
Here's what we got to do, I want to show all you guys how to get a pit going, all right?
I'm not talking about a weak pit either.
Okay, well what are you referring to, Mr. Hammerhead?
Okay, everybody up, where's Brimstead?
I don't think he's here yet.
Alright, everybody up, throw on, I don't know, some minor threat, alright?
Okay.
Let's do this!
Come on!
Say what?
Come on!
Catch me!
Oh my God!
This is horrifying!
Wait!
Four!
Everybody!
Let's get the pit going the other way!
Come on!
No!
Oh, calm down, please, everybody.
This thing is weak! Stop it!
Calm down, calm down, stop.
That's what I'm talking about.
Wow, you actually...
I held at my end. Nobody else did.
Wow, that...
First of all, that was terrifying, what I just saw happen.
That was one of the most terrifying things I saw.
Thousands of people, you had the whole front of the pavilion
Up on their feet
Damn right I did. See me swinging?
Yes. I was punching people.
Doesn't that hilarious? Isn't that great?
It was terrifying. We gotta get our aggressions out.
No we don't. We don't. We're trying to
We're trying to find
a qualified mayor here and let the people know what
issues you stand for. Can I just ask you what
what non-hardcore related
the ideas or remarks do you have for new bridge none why none yeah okay oh wow i uh all right fair
enough i guess we have uh i'll i'll take my uh the next question we're going to send to uh
marky ramon of the uh gaba gaba hey party welcome mr ramon hey everybody how you doin
good to be here thank you for coming tonight and being a part of this this
forum where we can talk about what is best for the town of Newbridge
absolutely it's something I care very deeply about and you know first of all I
want to say thanks to everyone for making my book hey ho let's a drummer's life a
best-seller very exciting news I'm currently working on a screenplay with
the hot new screenwriter. His name is Troy Duffy. Troy Duffy. Yeah. Oh, I know that that's
a guy who Wow. Okay. That's a guy who did a boondock. They did the boondock Saints.
Yeah. Yeah. Boondock Saints. Boondock Saints. Okay. All right. Now you you that's what you're
working on. Yeah. That's that's exciting. Yeah. And so you as a candidate for for mayor of for
the Gaba Gaba Hay Party. Yeah. I will ask you a question about New Bridge and its finances.
Okay, shoot. Okay. Marky, Mr. Ramona. A lot of talk has been made about how New Bridge
and its status with its fiscal health coming into the 21st century. Some people say we
are headed for a recession. Other people say that we are headed for a full-on depression.
is your what is your stand on this very pressing issue well you know Tom that
kind of thing don't really bother me I mean it actually if it does anything it
reminds me of this time when the Ramones was was going through a tough stretch
we were just coming off the Pleasant Dreams Tour and John didn't want to do
the ban no more and I said hey hey John why don't we just take a breather but he
goes, hey, Mark, why don't you just shut up and play the drums? And then Joey goes, hey, John,
you can't talk the mock like that. Okay, how does that relate to the goal of stimulating the
economy in Newbridge? Well, I got a one word answer for that. Okay, the Maki Ramon amusement
Oh, okay. That's a one word answer. That's not exactly a one word answer, but what what is the Marki Ramon amusement park?
Well, I've already broken ground on it. Really? Ground has already been broken. Yeah, it's gonna be a fun theme park. Okay, guess what the theme is?
Um, Marki Ramon? Yeah. And Marki Ramon and the Intruders. Okay. The Marki Ramon Band. Marki Ramon and the Speedkings and probably even a little bit of the Ramon's.
Okay, you get some of them in there. Yeah
Now where where has the ground been broken and and and
How this is this is all news to me well, it's out on that field where they wanted to have the Olympics back in
1976, you know, uh-huh. Yeah, yeah, yeah before that small Muhammad birds puked all over it and poisoned it
Yes, and how did I break the ground how with a drumstick? I used it as a ho
And then I used it as a shovel and then I used it as a pickaxe.
Okay.
Why?
I was asking because it's news to me and pretty much everyone else here.
Okay.
And is this something, when did you get permission or clearance for this?
Well, define permission.
When did anyone grant you the right to do what you had,
To do this undertaking on that property
Well, it's funny you asked that question because on the way over here in the Maki Ramon mobile, uh-huh
The Maki Ramon Mobile. What is the Maki Ramon Mobile? It's a 1978 pacer with my face painted on the hood. Wow
I I think I saw that in the parking lot. Sometimes I'll zip around town in it
You weren't exactly zipping in it though, I think.
Yeah, I'm having some problems.
How many miles do you have on that?
It's kind of embarrassing.
That's all right.
872,000.
Oh my God, and it's still running.
Define running.
Well, I saw it in action, so I actually,
I know what you're talking about with that.
Well, anyhow, I was driving around,
I was thinking about that time
that we was doing the Lollapalooza tour
with Metallica and Soundgarden, you know,
and CJ wanted to go into Chris Cornell's
dressing room to get a beer.
Yeah.
And well, John got mad and he said,
CJ, you can't go in there.
You got to ask Monte to get permission
from Soundgarden's tour manager.
And I didn't think it was like that big a deal.
Yeah.
So I said, hey, John, just let the kid have a beer.
Chris ain't going to mind.
And you know what John says?
Or what's that?
John goes, hey, Mark, why don't you
shut up and played the drums. And I go, and this is a classic
Maggie Ramonzinger. Yeah, I go. But John, we already played
today. The road crew already packed up my drums. Even John
had to laugh at that one. But he didn't. He just got mad. And
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, Marky, do you have any kind of vision for where you would take Newbridge if you
were elected mayor?
Oh, do I?
You know, if I'm elected, I'll begin an end every day by playing the drums over this
massive PA system.
I'm going to install all over town for all kinds of different things, you know, like
when it's time to wake up, time to crash.
And this PA ain't going to be cheap stuff like you hear at a lot of outdoor festivals.
Okay.
No.
These are going to be high quality speakers.
Okay.
Like when we used to play in Rio, you know, we were as big as the Beatles down in South
America.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You'd hear this chant all day long, Ramones, Ramones, Ramones, but you know what the best
chance were what? The best chance was when they'd go. Mark. Mark. Mark. Mark. Oh, thanks,
everybody. So that that yeah you you guys were popular in Rio and I do have to
say that idea though for the for this sound system yeah throughout the whole
town sounds cost prohibitive. Oh I got it off figured out though see the money's
going to be devoted from the city school lunch program yeah you know it's my
experience the kids are always great at scrounging up food. Scrounging up food
Yeah, I mean this pizza place is all over town, which leads me to my next thing. Okay, my pizza voucher program
Pizza voucher program. Yeah, and I got the best slogan for it too. Okay. Well, what is your slogan for your?
Pizza a pizza voucher leave no child un-sliced
We okay, you're sure that you it sounds like you're saying you want to slice children. No, I want to give them slices
and drumsticks too, because what parent don't want the kid to play drums?
All right. Fair enough.
Hey, I bought this book yesterday.
What was the book?
I just bought a book.
Oh, I just want to tell you I bought a book.
I want people here thinking that I'm a dummy. I read too, you know.
Okay. All right.
So tell us about the type of books you read then.
I pretty much read comic books uh-huh
comic books what's that well I think you just said what did you say you said
comic yeah comic books no no I think they're called comic books you're such a
literate dummy uh-huh they're the books with all the drawing in them yeah like
hey got a horrible family circuits no well first of all I think it's family
circus and they're called comic books. You don't know what you're talking about, man.
Crack a comic book much. Uh-huh. Don't sound like you do. Yeah. Okay. Hey everybody. It seems
like someone here needs to be sedated. Thank you everybody.
All right. Thank you, please. We got to move. Keep the debate moving along here.
We are in the 2008 new bridge debate pavilion and we are gearing up let's send another question
over to our next candidate who is uh Zachary Brimstead Esquire who actually seems to be arriving
uh on on stage now oh brother are you okay hold on
one. Let me settle in. Okay, please get comfortable. Can I have a cup of water? Give me that. Okay,
threaten. For anybody, if we are on the radio and Zachary just took a cup of water from from
Marky remote you know what he's gonna do now what take off his cumber bun oh sorry
I'm late oh well thank you for coming here I was at the idle audition the
the American Idol audition yes which I which were held over at where the
metal and the eyes odd center fool oh I'm sorry I yeah I know that they were
being held today I killed you did yeah I know I haven't gotten through in the
past uh-huh oh but that this year I'm going all the way they couldn't get
enough of me really they kept filming me singing eat it by weird how Yankovic
uh-huh so so you that was your audition piece mm-hmm which was weird
because all the other kids had to do this song by David Atulata crushed uh-huh
or some BS okay so so you did eat it by weird alley Yankovic the judges kept
bearing their faces in their hands because they couldn't believe how good I was.
Really? Mm-hmm. At one point, Simeon, the main judge. Yeah. He turned from the
camera because he was crying because I was so good and I touched him so. So he
was not even, he had to turn away from the camera. Oh yeah. Yeah. English guys
don't want people to see them cry. Yeah. Yeah. You're sure he wasn't laughing maybe.
I mean, wait, what?
I'm just saying because it's American Idol in the auditions there.
There's kind of a tradition of, there's kind of that guy who they find at every audition.
Well, I overheard someone say that, looking for that guy, a guy who's a lock for all
the commercials.
That's me.
So they said that when you were up, they said, you overheard someone say, this guy's
a lock for all the commercial yeah okay i think i have an idea of of where you're
going to fall on the american idol spectrum yep
the creme de la ris
okay you know what
please if we could just stick to
the matter at hand okay
which is what
um
the uh... this debate what are we debating again
And this is a debate for the election for the mayoral election in New Bridge.
New Bridge? That place is a dump.
Well, hold on, that, that place...
I hate it there.
You're here.
That town's going to hell in a hand basket.
You're here.
This is New Bridge.
Oh.
I thought my skin felt weird.
Uh-huh.
Ooh.
And what did you say hell that it's going to hell in a hand basket?
Yeah. You never heard that?
No, I know. Hell, it sounded like you said something different.
Hell in a ham basket.
It's something I overheard someone say at a hamburger stand the other night.
Yeah, I guess it means that whatever's in that basket,
which is made from ham, traveling downwards,
you know, to the Hell region?
To the Hell region. Yeah, very quickly because of the grease dripping from said basket.
Why?
Yeah.
You know what, hell in a ham basket, fine.
Let's just move forward here and I will ask you a question.
About what?
About the debate.
Hey, there's no need to yell fat stuff.
What?
Yeah.
You're heavy.
You're like 400 pounds heavier than I am.
Well, in one region, what?
Some of those ladies out there know it, right?
Yes, stop.
Oh, Steve, thank you.
Don't cheer him.
A billion, sir.
No, no, no, don't cheer him.
Thank you, everybody.
Let me stand up.
Oh, no, don't stand up.
Hey.
Uh-huh.
What do you drink it in?
Drink me in.
Calm down. Everybody please. Okay. Let me sit. Hold on. Please. Oh, thanks again. Don't
do that. That's disgusting. Oh, and by the way, as I was coming in, someone said you
didn't know what party I'm affiliated with. Yes, you were listed as unaffiliated. It's
It's called the Barber Pole Party.
Okay.
Munch.
Oh, sorry.
Get your facts right.
Okay.
You know what?
We're just going to move forward here.
I'm going to ask you a question about New Bridge.
Sounds great, Blob.
I'm going to move forward.
Employment is a huge issue for the people of New Bridge.
With East Bridge and a North South Bridge offering corporations huge tax breaks, we've
seen a troubling amount of jobs leave our town for other towns, and what would you recommend
as a solution to this problem, Zachary Brimstead?
She's, I don't know, if you're looking for a job, you might want to go to East Bridge.
Well, this is a debate. You're supposed to offer the people of New Bridge a solution
on this.
Well, if you think that sinkhole can be fixed, I don't.
So, that's it. So, you think the people of New Bridge are pretty much just...
They're screwed.
Oh, great.
Great.
Well...
Maybe all the dumb kids can fall into that hole.
Oh, that's fantastic. That's a great outcome.
Good riddance.
No, that's horrible.
Mm-hmm, right people? No, that's horrible. Thank you. They love me
That's horrible that is the word that I say you said it did not do you want more no they don't want yes
They do they don't
Thankfully yes, thank you people. Thank you. I'm gonna move forward to
our next candidate up on the podium a young man named Pudge Polfner who is
also unaffiliated with any party. Pudge, I'm gonna ask you the same question I
asked Mr. Brimstead. A lot of people, a lot of companies are giving tax
incentives for to try to lure business out of Newbridge and it seems to be
working, what would you do to stem the flow of jobs from leaving Newbridge?
I kind of can't hear you. Hey, Pudge, could you do me favor and just kind of come out from under your podium?
like smart people and stuff you know I don't know I just don't feel like I
deserve to be with people like so much smarter than me I mean like especially
you know mr. Ramon and and and stuff hey thanks kid I want to give you
something it's a copy of my new CD start of the century it's a two-day set
I better not catch you selling it at the CD submarine thanks everybody I know
You're big fans. I want you to want to thank you off the make and star of the century number one on the new bridge charts
What we really was number one on the new bridge chart. It was number one at the CD submarine
Okay, it was the number one record by a drama who was in the Ramones. You know what?
That reminds me of this time that we was doing this in store. No, no, this is not you had your moment, Marky
I have a limited amount of time with the candidate, so please, I would like to stick with Pudge Polyphony on this.
Pudge?
Yeah.
Do you have any thoughts on how to stem the flow of jobs from leaving Newbridge?
I don't know.
I think there's something that we could do maybe that could bring jobs and stuff,
and a lot of money into town, maybe, and stuff.
Because Newbridge has all these cool scenic locations
and stuff, there's like Newbridge and there's the ocean,
there's like the Newbridge mountain range
and like Newbridge rainforest.
And there's like 20 miles of inner city
and all the farmlands and stuff.
What if we tried to get like movie studios and stuff
come and shoot films and and stuff here you know I and like give like the film
makers I don't like like credits and stuff you know it's stupid I should
so down on yourself I just I just just kind of stupid and stuff don't be so
down on yourself please please keep going you're doing great okay well like
and like this other thing is like I think we we also need to do something
And so like that, you know, that anthrax poisoning that doesn't like happen again?
Okay.
I don't know.
I know like I felt like really bad stuff when Scott Ian and Joey Belladonna got sick
eating a like Los Amigos last year.
And maybe it's time we appointed, I don't know, like a health inspector instead of like allowing
restaurants to like grade themselves and stuff.
Okay.
Well, that's a different anthrax poisoning.
But that's a good point.
Is there anything else you would do to kind of improve New Bridge?
Look, you know how like three out of like the 135 stoplights and New Bridge work and
the rest of them don't?
Yes.
Yes.
Maybe you should like fix that stuff and stuff.
Yes.
You know what?
Yes.
Those are very thoughtful answers.
No, that's stupid.
I think I'm going to drop out.
No, no, no.
I'm just too dumb.
I don't know.
Stop.
I just don't want to like mess stuff up and stuff.
No, you're not going to mess things up.
You're doing great up here.
I think I'm going to go.
No, please, please don't leave.
I'm sorry, wait a second.
No, please.
Come on.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Come back.
Pudge.
I'll see you guys.
Come on.
You're doing great.
This is a shame for you to give up at a point like this
when you're really up here making good points.
The only real shame is what a bad job you're doing
with this debate.
Who's back that you have to wax to get this gig anyway?
You dunce?
Oh, well, I guess we might as well move on to our next candidate.
It's a Philly boy Roy Ziegler.
Hello, everybody.
How you doing?
How you doing?
Please.
Please, people.
Oh, you were OK.
Hold on.
I'll take a victory lap.
He's doing a little dance.
I'm not your mayor yet, yet.
But you know what I'm going to be?
No, please, people, sit down, stop, stop.
Okay, hold on.
I sat on my hoagie.
Please, please don't.
Do not encourage him is that we're trying to do a debate here.
Sat on my peanut juice, too.
That, that, what are you people laughing at?
They love me.
They, you know what, for the people at home, I'm going to introduce you formally.
The next candidate is Roy Ziegler, who is also known as Philly Boy Roy, a former member
of the Republican Party, but is now currently unaffiliated.
Yeah.
And I noticed you're wearing, I guess what could be best described as a protective suit
and gloves for a debate like a nuclear waste a team removal member
uh-huh
well why why are you wearing this so i don't get infected
if you you know what
please you're not going to get infected to could you please just take off
the uh...
the radioactive suit or whatever is your way all right hold on ladies should i
take it off
Okay, here goes everything what now I'll leave my t-shirt and my shorts on
Okay, hey Tom look at my t-shirt. What does it say?
Yeah, it it says
for people listening on the radio I'm your new mayor and use know it. You know
why I'm wearing it? Why? Because you do know it and I am going to be your mayor.
Now ask me a question pick a good one okay I ain't scared. Okay all right
well let's keep things progressing here. I had mentioned earlier in my opening
statements at the the roads in Newbridge are a major concern for people who live
here and bringing our infrastructure forward into the 21st century is going
to set us back in a lot of ways for years to come while the project is being
undertaken so as our mayor what what are the steps you would recommend we take
that's it I'm mayor now I love it no you're not
Thank you everybody. This was easier. I thought it was going to be you're not mayor yet
But you just said I was didn't he everybody?
He did no, I said I said as I said as your mayor as if as if when you're elected
You will be that I did not a point. I don't know what you're talking about
I did not a point. He's already going back on his promise everybody. I would never do that when I'm there
Well, I'm there now. He just said so you're not made
Yes, I am you are not mayor now. Okay. So anyway, let me answer your question the best I can. Okay, please now
My my son Roy Jr. Uh-huh help me write this
Roy's got some fans. Yeah, okay, so um I
Just want to say this uh-huh
Uh-huh.
Fellow Americans, there are certain rights that each and every citizen of new bridge
should have.
And I plan on making sure that they are there for each and every one of you.
These are your alien rights.
For example, each and every citizen of this fair city should get free x-rated fair on
cable any time they want, whether it be at 2 in the morning or on a Sunday afternoon.
Everybody should have access to listening to their favorite tunes in the manner they
are accustomed to.
The idea of listening to them hooters or early rungren, before he started working with that
bum Albert Grossman on a crummy sound system, it just ain't right.
So I propose that every family should have the great stereo in every house.
But there is a price to be paid for such a luxury.
So from this day here forth, stereo stamps will replace food stamps such as my decree.
I will also introduce the Ziegler Plan, a strata gem that shall bail out the people of
this god forsaken sinkhole.
What is the Ziegler Plan?
It is a tribute to a great and noble American clan that has been here as long as anyone
else except maybe Indians.
My great-grandparents came to Elvis Island with a dream in their hearts, and it is named
in their honor.
The Ziegler plan calls for the immediate building of twenty-five wah-wahs in New Bridge, and
the immediate destruction of New Bridge's six Cumberland farm stores, which are sick,
and also the destruction of any and old dominoes.
Because you know why, right?
Did you hear what they're doing?
No.
They're making subs there now.
They're making subs at a domino.
Yeah, it just ain't right.
I guess Arm and Getty can't be too far off, huh?
Arm, what's that?
Arm and Getty?
Yeah.
What is Arm and Getty?
Crack a Bible much?
I'm sorry, Arm and Getty.
Yeah.
No, I don't know what that is.
Well, it's the guy who was in that rock band
in that film Black Sheep and the good looking kid from Rush.
Wait, Mark Arm?
I don't know what his name is.
From Black Sheep.
Okay, when Mudhoney had a little.
He calls him Magigov.
Uh-huh, okay.
And yeah, and then Getty Lee, I guess is what you're saying.
What did you say, crack a Bible much?
Yeah, it's in the Bible.
Well, what are you?
You're a big reader of the Bible?
Well, they call me Bible Roy.
The Bible Roy?
Yeah.
Who calls you Bible Roy?
The guys at the pool hall, why?
And why do they call you Bible Roy?
Because my pool queue is made from shellacked pages of the Bible.
A Bible I stole.
Well, that doesn't make you holy.
That makes you, that's worse.
You're being so judgmental about it.
You know what you're talking about.
Okay.
Well, let me tell you about the second stage
of the Ziegler plan.
Please, please, let's go forward.
I'm gonna airlift New Jerseyites,
those who are non-infected, of course,
to the safe and majestic land that is Philadelphia,
just like they did at the end of the Korean War.
Okay.
When they was getting all them people
off that rooftop in Viet Cong.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Really?
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
Hey, you know when I was campaigning up here last week?
Yeah.
I saw a story on the news.
What was it?
Oh, and let me just say, Megan Chan, the job of being my mistress when I'm elected mayor
is yours.
Wow, you're cracking people up.
Thanks, everybody.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Anywho, she was saying that there's this game that all the kids in New Bridge are playing.
Yeah.
pong. And it's ruining a lot of lives.
Beer pong. It's ruining the lives of a lot of kids at New Bridge Community College.
Hey Tom, didn't you just plunk out of there?
I did not. I didn't have a fork out of there.
I didn't. I didn't plunk out of there.
Well, one of my first orders of business would be to ban beer pong.
Okay, that's a very, I understand that stand that's to try to curb that sort of
recklessness. Absolutely. Okay. And my next plan would be to teach everybody how to play cold case.
Cold case. Now that's a real drinking game. Cold case. Yeah. What? Please, what is cold case?
Well, you know the show, right? The TV show cold case? Yeah. Uh-huh. Well, you know where it takes place.
It's in Philly, right?
My beloved Golden City, yes.
Yes.
Well, here's how the game works.
Each time one of them characters says the names of a Philly highway or a road, you gotta
drink a cold one.
Okay.
A cold case of beer.
A cold case.
Yeah.
That's terrible.
Skook will expressway, drink a case, route 309, drink a case, Roosevelt Boulevard, drink
a case. Some need town pike, drink a case, lands down Avenue, drink a case.
Oh these people come on. Sounds like a fun game don't it? And it's going to be
law. Everybody's got to play it. Everybody. Oh yeah. Every children. Yeah.
Oh that's terrible. Children need liquid too. They got to stay hydrated. They need
liquid not liquor though. Who are you Tom Brokoff? No I'm not Tom
be me Tom Brokaw. Who's that? Look, you don't know what just talking about. I really don't think
putting a drinking game into the law books is what we're looking at here. That's not exactly the
answer we want. Thank you. That one guy was right. Which guy? You are a munch. Okay. Thank you very
much. I'd like to bring thank you Mr. Ziggler. I guess we can turn to our next candidate over to
Mr. Ziegler's left. Bishop Pablo Fontana. Thank you for being here tonight. Bishop. Hello, Thomas. How
are you? I'm doing okay. Thank you for being here. Are you feeling quite blessed?
Well, it's exciting to be here. It's exciting to be on television and I think on the radio. I'm
assuming this is going through over at WFMU. I think I did hear that and I just want to say to
to you that I see you're doing this debate with some sort of portable voice modulator?
Yes?
Oh, no.
No, I'm not.
This is my real voice.
Yes, yes, Thomas.
Preserve the illusion.
Whatever gets you through the night as John Lennon and Elton John once said.
Speaking of did you know that May Pang said that Lennon got the idea for for that song when he was he was channel-surfing
I did not kind of kind of interesting. Yes, everybody. It's it's it's moderately interesting. Thank you
No, I think they agree with me and they think that you are like other person said much now
Please stop calling me that they it's moderately interesting, but that's not why we're here today to do rock trivia
You know, let's stick to the matter at hand.
That is a good idea, yes?
You know, where are you keeping that voice modulator?
Is it some kind of wireless device, yes?
You know what, let's just keep things going forward?
It just sounds weird to me,
and this is not something weird to everybody else.
Well, thank you people for not.
I'm just going to move on. My question to you is about the libraries in Newbridge.
Oh, yes.
Libetty is very important.
Yes.
With the advent of the Internet, the role that a library provides in the community has obviously changed.
What would you propose now? What would you propose that Newbridge do to upgrade our libraries?
You know, keeping one eye on the technological advancements that do provide information in a different capacity.
capacity while still not sure changing the invaluable role that a library
provides to a community. I think I see it now. See, see what? There's an
antenna sticking out of the back of your shirt. There's no antenna. We all see it.
No, there's no antenna sticking out of the back of my shirt. Tom, I want you to
confess to me, okay? There is no shame in it? No shame. Wait, you're gonna talk to
me about shame. You were defrocked. Thomas, I believe the correct term is
frocked. No, it's not frocked. Well, it's defrocked. Well, that's neither here nor
there. Let me address your question. Yes, please. Live fairies do have a very
important role in our lives. For example, I was reading the new issue of
Entertainment Weekly and it's the one with the full movie preview and it
showcases 95 of the flicks that will be in Teatro's this year and on the cover
is Daniel Radcliffe and he's hyping the upcoming release of Harry Potter and
and the half-blood prints.
And to me, this is where it gets interesting,
because this film was supposed to be released
on 4,000 screens this coming November, you see?
Yes.
But Warner's just pushed the release date to next July,
which is odd to me.
Some are saying it's because the studio made enough bank with the Dark Knight
and this does not help the bottom line to have two tentpole releases on the same calendar year.
See?
Oh, okay.
But here's where it gets even more interesting to me.
E.W. got hung out to dry on this one.
They give the cover to film that isn't going to hit the Atros for another
eleven months that that there's no way that the w's managing editor rick sets
lee
can be happy about this
especially when you consider that they've got uh... they're both part of the
what was jeff robin off thinking
he's got to keep the entire wb family in the loop on this one c
i mean can you deny that
i'm not exactly sure what that what any of what you just said has to do about
with libraries
thomas reading is fundamental i i i guess and
i should say there's one thing i would love to bring up and i think it's
important issue uh...
facing any uh... town especially
new bridge mm-hmm and that is fontan ethics
fontan ethics yes what is fontan ethics uh... fontan ethics it it is a a life
based belief
system that i have created
and if i'm elected fontan ethics will be the mandatory uh... religion
uh... of of new bridge
uh... okay and it is a great religion you get all kinds of good stuff from it i
get i got into you
so you're you're
and i'm kind of skeptical of of this this whole thing you know religion
fontanetics oh yeah
uh... i don't know how that plays into the role of being a mayor
guess guess who the object of of worship is
uh... on the nettix
uh... i'm gonna probably get it is you it is me yes uh... and that my brother
or
or are you
uh... yes he's the jesus of fun that's your brother oh yeah
did you not know that that or are you go
you know he makes the famous pins yes the drum pins the drum pin yes some
people say we have similar voice
uh... yeah i can hear the i can hear it and you guys are probably little lilt
Yeah, you're related, I can hear that.
He's my go-to Ambr.
Rodrigo is.
Yes.
Okay.
But I want to say this, fontanetics, not just a religion, it's also a production company.
Really?
Yes, we're developing a variety of projects for the silver screen and the idiot box alike.
Okay.
For example, there's Father Fontana's Celebrity Fart Patrol.
God.
What?
It's on the Shout network.
Yes.
I'm not even gonna say the name of the show.
We call it FFP, okay.
It's a hidden camera show.
Basically, I will expel gas next to famous people.
Let me watch their reactions.
It's funny, yes.
People, do you want to see such a show?
Oh, please.
What is that?
The masses that they have spoken,
just like they did when Colonel Ratzenberger
was instated as Pope.
Uh-huh, yes.
Oh, you're a big pope,
a big fan of Ratzenberger. You know what else I'm a big fan of. Oh, what's that? This movie, The Rocker?
The Rocker. It looks like it's going to be a winner, yes? Oh, I don't know about that.
Oh, judging by those previews, it looks like once again Hollywood has totally nailed
what it's like to be in a band, yes? I don't know. It looks a little... I think they got it.
They usually get it pretty right, but they totally got the right on this one.
uh... i don't know about that i really i i think it's time for us to is everybody
all the panelists all the candidates i'm gonna ask you all
to please
stay on topic for what we're talking about an election is an important thing and
the people of new bridge
even though you you get to them with the it with the cheap
the cheap things that get the applause
that's not what we're here for we're here to stick to the issues and
inform the people in the community
on uh...
on the depressing issues uh... of our of our uh... time
that's right everybody let's get serious
come on
uh...
sack up
who's saying that
who
timmy
timmy
uh... i can't see where are you i'm inside that guy's incense
uh...
incense thing
timmy von tremble
He's the little thing hanging off the Bishop's podium.
I guess it's supposed to have incense in it?
Yeah.
But it doesn't smell like it.
Yeah, you're right.
That smells, yeah.
Well, what is inside that Bishop?
Thomas, you got me.
It's a little bit of what my friend Bryce.
Yes.
He calls pineapple express.
It's very good stuff.
Did you see that movie yet?
I haven't seen it.
I'll probably see it tomorrow like it's hard for me to believe that David Gordon Green has such a thing for comedy
I mean the way my question for all everybody here is where did that come from? I
You know, I don't know
Please again people these are not the issues
We it does not matter that David Gordon Green did comedy now it with pineapple express that you should be paying attention
Yeah, he stinks David Gordon Green does and the guy whose thing I was just in oh
You're talking about a bishop. Yeah, I can't believe I have to sit next to that trash.
Uh-huh. That guy's the worst. Okay.
Well, Timmy Von Trimble, this is a surprise.
Otherwise known as Timmy the two-inch racist.
Hey, shut up. Uh-huh. Yeah. Okay.
You been watching the Olympics? Uh, yeah. I actually have.
Do you notice these Chinese cops? They look like little children.
Wait, is that is that no there adults is that like some sort of veiled racist remark? No
I don't know. Hey. Yeah, so um
Before you ask one of these dumb questions. Yeah, I want to talk about a real problem in New Bridge
Okay, yeah, I think you know what it is
Okay, let me let let me guess. It does it doesn't have anything to do with I don't know people of color
for example. Of course it does. You know that guy Nate won't let me into the
pleasure tent anymore. The pleasure tent. The roving adult book store. It's like a
quonset hut. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Well, old Nate caught me doing something with
one of those smaller marital aids. Uh-huh. Okay. And I got thrown out. Basically
what I was doing. Stop it. Stop it. Stop. This is not what we're here for. Okay. This
This is supposed to be a debate where we're talking about issues.
Well, that's my number one issue.
What's that?
Well, you know, to get out of being persona, oh, Groton, land out of the tents over there.
Okay.
Yeah.
So that seems to be what you're basing your candidacy on, is that you'd be allowed to
go into the pleasure tent.
I need pleasure too.
Little guys, the pleasure too.
Stop, stop, stop.
But I don't care.
On the second thing would also be to barge the, you know, who's?
Oh, that's fantastic. So that's like a straight-up racist thing. It's not even not they've even veiled any more
Talk to me like that. I talked to you like that. Well, you you are talking to me like hey, I
wrote a song for the election
Okay, you want to hear it?
Do I have any choice?
our we, yeah. No stop and stop. Then you take our women who's you. Stop get, get out of
here, get out of here. Getting to get you get out of here. Someone somebody put a couple
over him or something. Trap him. I'm going to move on now. I'm going to move on now. My
next question is for the next candidate up on the podium, Tor Halversom, who's of the
chocolate machine gun and switchblade party. Mr. Halversom, thank you for being here tonight.
I'm going to ask you a question about the generation gap in Newbridge. Over the last
A decade or so, there's been what a lot of people call the graying of New Bridge.
The percentage of retired and senior residents of New Bridge has grown over 6% over the last
10 years.
And this has had a very real impact on the tax structure of the town.
Since many of the retirees in the town do not feel they should have to carry the tax burden
that schools demand.
So this creates a real kind of puts people at loggerheads.
What would you propose as a possible solution to this matter?
All right, he's not speaking for anybody watching, I mean, listening on the radio.
He's not near the mic.
He's running his hand across his throat in a cutting manner.
So I'm just going to say thank you, Mr. Halversum, and let's move down to the next candidate,
Dr. Fred Myers, from the Mental Health Party.
Welcome, Dr. Myers.
Thank you, Tom.
This is the Mayouba Nittorial Debate 2008 here for the people of Newbridge.
We are at the Newbridge Debate Pavilion and our next candidate from the Mental Health
Party, Dr. Fred Myers.
Tom, let me just say basically how glad I am that you could not in fact get those 37 signatures
required for this election, and this comes from the heart when I say you are absolutely
without a doubt the least fit person in this town to run for mayor.
You're a sick person who should be treated
and possibly caged. Oh, thank you. If not barged. Okay.
Well, thank you for that. It has no place in this election for you to put
me on the on the spot with anything like that. I'm going to ask you a
question now just to keep things moving forward about the situation over at
muffler row. Now, muffler row, as we all know, was once a thriving business district, where
it had people coming from miles around to get their their cars worked on and to eat
at the captain's donuts at the end of muffler row. But as we all know, the district has
fallen on some pretty hard times. So what would you propose as a solution to this situation?
You know time that's a really great question and and I'm I'm very proud of you for asking it
Mm-hmm, especially when you consider your fear of public speaking based on that incident at the disco camp back in 1979
Okay, I really am not going to really come a long way. I'm not going to talk about that now
So I would ask would you please stick to the topic at hand and answer the questions
Okay, well the thing I would do if elected is make every citizen's mental health records public
that way everything's out in the open. For example, a patient of mine named
Keith Boudreau has what is commonly referred to as flagrant terror and it's
brought on by a chemical imbalance that he suffers from and his condition has
been corrected by a daily dose of 20 milligrams of an anti-psychotic. So my
recommendation would be that we do that for all the people of Newbridge, you know,
Same thing we did for Keith now. I'm first of all I'm going to ask you to please not
state people's name. I know that's a lot of politicians will state a
Regular person's name sure in the course of campaigning, but you just did it in a way that I don't think is particularly
Flattering your talk. You're giving the mental health history of one of your patients. Oh, okay
I'll talk about someone else then I mean, you know
I think a person going down to Lord and sporting goods would want to know if Steve McInney's on the sales floor
There's a good chance he might break into hysterics if you ask him how his wife Nancy is
Of course Nancy has been withholding love-making sessions from Steve since she found his stash of buns of steel VHS tapes last year
So okay again, this has no no real
Place in the debate, so I'm gonna ask you to stay on top. Okay. Okay. Very enough
So, getting back to the muffler row situation, how would you remedy the muffler
row situation? I would prescribe drugs for everybody to keep them balanced and
level. It's the only way Tom, I think you know that only all of you with that
people. You people are looking to be
Oh, totally. Yeah. Yeah. What is wrong with the people of Newbridge? Please, please. I'm kind of...
So you're going to somehow force the people of Newbridge to, what, take a pill every day?
Absolutely. And if that doesn't work, we'll dilute the medication into a mist and we'll spray it out through the streets.
Like in that first Batman movie?
Then the first Batman movie.
Yeah, that was actually Maurice's idea.
Yeah, well, that was something that a super villain came up with that it was not something that is a good idea
And who was Maurice Maurice Kern? Oh great. Yeah, I'm current pharmaceuticals. He's actually out in the audience night. Hey, hey, Maurice
Pharmacy Tom, I don't like how you're behaving right now. Oh, well, I'm sorry
Tom you're getting sleepy. I'm not getting you're going to your peace place. Please please stop that. You're getting sleepier
No, I'm not getting sleep. Yeah, make him do sick stuff. No, stop it Roy
It's not even your place to talk
They can touch himself. Yeah, stop it. No, it's not make him buy us hand-burners
I'm hungry. Will you okay? I'm moving on the the floor is now going to the candidate to the left of
of Dr. Myers.
This is somebody I'm actually familiar with.
I have a bit of a relationship with.
The associate producer of my show, Mike, is here.
Let me make sure you're on board here, Mike.
Hi, Tom.
Glad to be here tonight.
Thank you for coming.
And you are a candidate for the mayor of Newbridge,
as we all know.
I'm going to give you a simple question.
Mike, what in Newbridge, what is there in Newbridge that you would change, if there's
one thing?
Well, Tom, as you know, a recent issue that's come up, I've really been involved with is
the Arm Bomb near third base over at the Newbridge Little League Micro Stadium.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's been there since World War II.
I think it was a munitions dump previously.
The kids just play around it now.
It's never gone off, but a little Mikey Halverson almost detonated it when he slid into it
Uh-huh, so my main issue is to get little Mikey Halverson banned from the New Bridge Little League
Baseball so you so that's that's what you're running on that you want to get little Mikey Halverson
banned from
Little League I'm sure you want to do that
That's right
what why
Because he's fat and if he sets off that bomb lots of people are going to die
Okay, wow, so so that's actually what your campaigning
Is is kicking a kid off a softball team because you're worried about the the the bomb that's over at the the little league field
I think it's a life-or-death issue Tom. Uh-huh Mike. Can I can I please ask you a question?
and be honest if you could. Are you drinking again?
Define drinking.
Have you consumed alcohol tonight?
There was a little.
How much is a little?
Well, I got a new tattoo before the show.
Oh, God. What is the tattoo of?
Give me a second. I have to take my shirt off.
take my shirt off please please please don't take your shirt off
no please don't cheer it hey well if he's gonna take his off i'm taking mine off
no please please look can you see it Tom oh god what is that thing well I can't
even make I can't make it out from over here I told him it I wanted a zepily
mm-hmm but it's kind of hard to tell what it is and I may have to go back to
have it touched up. So it's you got a Zeppoli tattooed on you. Yes. So so right
now you have a calzone you have a zoom that's playing the red band trailer for
Tropic Thunder and a Zeppoli tattooed on on your torso. Yeah we worked out a
sketch for my next one which is going to be Bruno S and Super Dave Osborne
and staring at each other.
Bruno S. from Strode Sick.
Yeah, and super great.
It's nice to see you have no respect for your body.
You know that these tattoos are not going away anytime soon.
I didn't know tattooing could be so addictive.
I think I've got a little bit of that going there.
So now you're hooked on getting tattooed.
Great.
Once you get started, you can't stop.
It is true.
Once you get started, you just can't stop doing it.
OK.
Thank you. Actually, this is a point in the thank you, I think, associate producer Mike.
I'm sure you really won a lot of people over tonight with your brave stand on the Little
League field. I think now we should open things up so that the people can ask their questions.
So if this phone line is working, if you want to call in, if you have any questions for
any of the candidates, the phone number is 201, 209, 9368.
These are the 2008 New Bridge Mayubinatorial Debates.
And we are here at the New Bridge Debate Pavilion.
And again, I'm going to ask you all, stay seated.
And if you need to get up, you need to signal to one of the balance buddies that you're
going to get up or you're going to move around so that we can make sure that there is a minimum
amount of shiftage tonight in the building.
I felt a couple shakes at a couple points, especially during, I'm amazed that this place
is standing after that hardcore mosh pit.
Yeah.
What if I want to stalk the stage if I'm giving an answer?
That is not allowed.
Oh, come on.
hammerhead these dogs to stage can I do it though the market no the number is
201-209-9368 if you have a question for any of the candidates that is the
number to call you can call up and ask questions and we can and you can you can
find out if this if who here might be best suited to being the the next mayor
of New Bridge. Wow. It is weirdly weirdly silent. Is it what they call silent phones?
Silent phone. Yes, they're called silent phones. Hey, if I could just say something real quick,
I want to send greetings out to New Bridge's two Olympians. Okay, I did not realize that two
people from New Bridge were in the Olympic. Oh, yeah. Mike and Sean Monroe.
I remember Reggie Monroe. Yes. He was on Survivor. Oh, yeah. Yeah. But he got caught
having a flag and pant rummage. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He had a little incident. Well,
they had an incident too. On the Olympics. Yeah. Okay. They was busted for selling
pot to a uniform Chinese policeman. Great. Yeah. So that's what they went all
all the way over to the other side of the world
so that they could sell drugs.
Wow, that's proud.
Reminds me of this time we was playing a show.
It was in, I think it was in Columbus, Ohio,
and some guy out front was smoking a joint.
And John goes, he goes, hey, he says the Monty.
Tell that guy this quit smoking,
I'm trying to do my job here.
And I go, hey, John, he's just trying to have some fun.
And John goes, hey, Mark, why don't you shut up
play the drums uh-huh and Dee Dee was like yeah mock and I was like Dee Dee I
thought you and I were buddies yeah and that's how it ended that's all I
remember that's why that's a fantastic story and now we are ready to throw it
over to the people and and and uh their questions can now be uh can now be heard
their voices let's open it up 201 209 9368 FM you you're on the air
Hello.
Hello.
Hi.
You're on the air.
The New Bridge debate pavilion.
Oh, yeah.
I had a question for Marky.
Hello.
How are you doing?
I'm doing pretty well.
How are you?
Doing okay.
It's an honor to talk to Marky Ramon.
Do you have a favorite Ramon's record that I played on?
Not any of the really early stuff.
Oh, I kind of like all the Ramon stuff, even the later stuff.
I saw, I saw the Ramones once, but you weren't playing with them.
Who was playing, Richie?
Actually, I don't even know who he was playing.
Yeah, probably, if there was too many jazz spills, it was Richie.
You know, let's, let's stay on top of the question.
Yeah, that's the question, yeah.
Um, I went to the library after work today, and I got, um, this DVD called Ramones Raw,
and I'm wondering if I should watch it tonight with my wife or whether that be a bad idea.
you should watch it i think you know why you should watch it too
no i i well why i mean it looks good but i wonder why you think i should watch
they use a lot of footage that i took
on my camera
in south america you know back when uh back when we was huge there and people
people used to chant something i'm not sure if you know about what they used
to chant
but would you chant with me
is it
can't be gabahay no you ready
is that like mok mok that's really good you got a hang on it is this who you're
thinking of maybe voting for caller voting oh no i just wanted to talk to
to mark your mom i don't know i'm gonna live in you
okay let's uh...
let's keep things moving here two oh one two oh nine get off of his live broadcast
thank you
two oh one two oh nine nine three six eight
w f m u you are on the air
hey uh... this is time to come from the lower east side and then
okay
uh... you guys bryson
of the studio
uh... bryson's not running for uh... he's not running for mayor
okay well i guess i'll destroy this question out and hold on hold on one
second is somebody actually is coming out of
some of these actually coming out of the crowd and making their way to the
point
he's the most clap happy group of people
they can't help but if they did me
all this right absolutely what's up man
oh hey man i think going on
it sounds like you've been doing what i've been doing
am i right yeah uh... i've got a question for you uh... i was
wondering what was your stance on the legalization of medicinal marijuana
well what do you think it's going to be i'm so i'm so sorry to uh...
first inlet what do you think he's going to be against it i am against it
well okay well
but the surprise yeah especially a new bridge because well it's no secret
don't tell officer harris this
but i have a little side business that you
You may not know this, Tom.
Oh, I've heard about your side business.
I would prefer that people came to see me, maybe,
if they need some of that sweet, sweet.
Oh, that sweetener?
Yes.
Can I mark you down for a kilo?
What's your name?
Yeah, sure.
Rick.
Oh, here comes Harrops, great.
Thanks, Rick.
And there he goes.
He's running off the stage.
okay well thank you thank you brice we appreciate
weird little interlude of you coming up here on stage
and uh...
you were running for mayor at one point but i guess you're not now let's go to
the next uh...
the next person with a question over two oh one two oh nine nine three six eight
w f m u you were on the air
uh... this is joe from new bridge by way of the adult
I've got a question for Jack, because I bring him to this bed.
Wait one.
Shoot.
Um, what would you do towards the banning of trans fats?
I mean, you'd often listen.
Thank you.
I don't think any kind of fat should be banned, except for the fat I'm looking at right now.
Um, oh okay, I guess.
It's you.
Yeah, okay.
Your fat head.
Oh, thank you.
Great.
Yeah.
No, I think kids should eat whatever they want.
I did.
And look at me.
everybody oh you don't mean to stand up again sure drink it in oh yes oh let me
sit down my horn shoes are in a brunch strangling oh please please please sit
down everybody please my goodness sit down I appreciate it um let's go to
another uh... call here at two on one two on nine nine three six eight
w f m u you're on the air
uh... hi brian from new bridge
hey brian how are you
uh... i'm doing good but i'm a little bit concerned about the mayoral campaign
it doesn't seem to be going very well
whose mayoral campaign
well uh... i noticed that the guy from filly what's his name again
filly boy roy
yeah it seems like people from filly never think that their poops thing
coz i don't
you know why i don't
stop i'm just saying they're quick to insult new jersey but you know every
time i go to filly it smells like a gym sock
wait
wait what's going on is that we were instead bursting i was almost going to
burst in and I realized he was insulting him and not me. I was ready to get insulted.
Oh, you heard Jim Sock and I guess you got in.
Yes. Because I have that Jim Sock thing.
Yeah. Yeah. Okay. We'll do it.
But Roy apparently, wow.
I can take it.
Uh-huh. We're good. So you didn't even need to argue that.
Not at all because when I'm mayor, he's going to die.
Oh, great. Great.
You know what? I actually noticed there's one candidate up here who we have not,
We have not spoken to.
It's Bob.
Hey, Tom.
Hey, Bob, how are you, Bob?
We have Bob from the Freedom Lovers Party.
Yep.
Now, Bob, can I just say, what is your last name?
It's just Bob.
Bob?
Yeah.
So you're running for mayor,
but you don't feel you have to give out a last name
for that.
you know if that turns people off then then then so be it that's that's not my problem
okay well i guess that's that's your stand i guess that that's fair enough hey um so
i have something i i i'd like to say about this election you know i kind of waited here all night
and you you barely called on me but uh so can i say something sure okay
Man, what that was, um, no, I'm not sure what, no, what I meant to say, um, it, it, it,
What?
What?
No oh yeah, yeah, but yeah
Like, yeah yeah...
What was that?
I know what that was, no.
You know what I think that was?
What?
You were playing a tape?
No, I wasn't.
You were, what?
What was that?
What was, what was, what?
That tape you were playing is...
I wasn't playing it.
No what you did was, for people who are listening on the radio...
He went, and he ducked his arm in front of his face.
I was doing it like a Dracula thing.
Yes, exactly, and then you hunched over, and then you had some thing that you were holding near your microphone, which was what, a cassette deck?
No.
What was it? That sounded like the police.
It was the police.
What happened?
I brought the wrong tape.
you so you who did you've done this before where you didn't are you were you
somehow have to record your your things ahead of time so that you can be who
who did you did you where you record these rants and because what you can't
say them out loud no I can say that's fine you know thanks for blowing it for
You brought the wrong tape. What am I supposed to do?
People are cheering them off. You people will clap at anything.
This guy somehow gets unbelievable. Let's go back to the phones.
201-209-9368. WFMU, you're on the air.
Hi, this is Jerry from Newbridge.
Hey Jerry, how are you tonight?
it. Pretty good. Is Bob the one with the dog Rollins band? Yes, that was Bob. All right.
Why does that make you want to vote for him? No. Okay, great. Quick question for Philly
boy Roy. Is his on again off again entertainment career going to interview with his term as
mayor? That is a great question. Roy Ziegler. Yeah. Would you answer that question? Oh,
I don't think it would have any impact unless I really got something going great. Then I probably dust the town. Yeah
That sounds like it would have a real impact well on on what you're on what you're doing
Well, it's no secret that I totally shined my last venture wall wall records
yeah, oh you you
You pretty much gave up everything you gave up your entire life so that you could do wall wall records and then
And then when that blew up, then you came,
you went back to your family and all that stuff.
Well, it wouldn't have blown up
if those jerks and the rolling stones
hadn't come after me for something I didn't do.
Did you read a Rambock movie or Rambocky?
I can't remember.
Rambocky.
Rambocky.
Crack Viarty much?
It don't sound like it.
All right, thanks Tom.
Okay, vote for me.
All right, thanks for the call.
WFMU, you're on the air.
Hey, this is Nate from Newbridge.
Nate, thanks for calling.
How are you tonight?
Doing pretty well.
How are you doing?
I'm doing okay.
Do you have a question for one of the candidates?
Actually, yes.
I actually have the same question for Mr. Brimstedt that the previous caller had for
Philly Boy Roy.
I'm calling because, well, for one thing I'm a big fan of Mr. Brimstedt's work is various
barber shop incarnations of popular music i think
his versatility is uh...
peerless well thank you
you want some crew real quick
yes yes
girl don't go away mad
just go away
what my ears
he's the one they call doctor feel good shot at the devil that's what's called
a medley
was that what you call that
is that that's what you call that's called a medley
caller what did you think of my medley
i think it's great
are you considering voting for uh...
for uh...
secretary brim said
uh... i would uh...
highly considerate although i think like
previously mentioned the issue of
uh... the balance between his entertainment career and his uh... mu
editorial duty might be a factor
i think uh... there is one way that he can absolutely guarantee my vote
uh... if he can promise to uh... in
sometime in the near future
uh... mister brems have you ever considered uh...
branching out into hip hop
all that's a good idea though i'm i'm quite interested in some of the r&b
uh...
beats yes
but who are you talking i'm talking about gladdis night and her pips
you know i was thinking more of like trying to uh...
he about using a uh... left melodic uh... traditionally less melodic uh...
vocal style and kind of like death not only grind
like I don't know about grind call on some black metal
that's worth a shot yeah sure I'm trying to think of something that I could do
off of oh I can't even say the titles of the records so yeah maybe not
Four sped broken glass. Want that?
Yeah, sure.
Wow. That was not bad.
That's all you get. Gotta buy the CD if you want the whole thing.
Well, thanks for calling.
Thank you.
Buy me a hand burger, please.
He's gone already.
Oh.
Next call here at 201-209-9368. WFMU, you're on the air.
Hi, this is David from South Newbridge.
David, thank you for calling.
Yes, I have a question for our hammerhead.
Yeah.
Yeah, what would you do about some of the police brutality problems
we've been having in Newbridge when you have some oversight
for the police department?
Well, I wouldn't call those oversights.
It sounded like some people were getting out of line.
And Harrops was just doing his job.
Oh, so he's a used side with the police.
It sounded like everybody else does too.
Yeah, I have never felt less involved in this town like I could have the pulse of this town
Figure out less the next one I get pit going who wants to get a pit go. No. Come on
No, no, no more. No
This place is gonna collapse if you
but no, no, no, the building is starting to seriously shake, please, please, it is, it
is sort of shake, sorry about that. Yikes. Wow, oh, let's not do that again. 201-209-9368
is the number. WFMU, you're on the air. Yes, this is Dan Cohen from Newbridge. Hey, Dan
thanks for calling. Thank you. I had a question for Bishop Fontana. Yes, go ahead, son. Do
Do you think with the separation of church and state that we have in this country, there's
any problem with you running for mayor?
Well, technically as Tom mentioned, I was throcked, so I'm not by-
D-frock.
We can go back and forth on that all night, it's throcked, so I'm no longer like officially
with the Catholic Church.
So I don't think there is conflict, but when fontanetics comes into being, then everything
will be great, and you will be thinking like me, which is even greater, and stuff.
So everything will be good.
Okay.
Does that make any sense?
It did make much sense there.
Have you seen Step Brothers?
No.
I did see Step Brothers.
I was asking him, not you.
I'm sorry, a fat head, but I haven't seen it yet.
It is terrible.
Uh-huh.
Yes.
Okay.
Great.
It is what, it's what I call lazy film, lazy filmmaking.
Right.
Yes.
Anyway, it seems like we have other people too.
Yes.
We do our 201, 209.
Thank you, caller.
936A, thank you.
Please call in if you are interested in speaking to one of the candidates for the 2008 Mayu,
May you be editorial Tom? Yeah hammerhead. Hey hammerhead. I've thought something else I want to address. What's that?
You know how in Little League
You can only do 85 pitches if you're a pitcher. Yes. That's all you can throw. Mm-hmm. I want to get that pushed up a little bit
Okay, all right. What would you like it pushed up like 485?
For these kids these kids are too soft. Uh-huh. You're trying to make you speak for everybody when I say these kids are too soft, right?
Um, well, it doesn't look like anybody's...
Oh, yes. See?
Let's go, guys. Come on!
Stop pushing Micah on.
Micah's on the floor. He looks like he's hurt.
I'm punching him. That's why he's hurt.
Okay, enough. Enough.
Wow. Now, that's a pit.
That was... Finally, you guys get a pit going.
Okay. Unbelievable. Unbelievable with this town is all about. I don't have any idea what's overtaking you people.
201, 209, 936, 8 is the number. Call in with your questions for the candidates in tonight's May gubernatorial debate.
FMU, you're on the air.
Yeah, this is Josh from Seattle, and I'm voting absentee ballot.
Okay, and I guess I have a general question for all the candidates because I really don't know who I'm going to vote for you.
Okay, well, what would be the question?
Well, with all the property taxes falling because of the economy, I'm just, I guess I'm open to voting for who comes up with the best plan to make up some of that windfall.
Okay.
So, if any of the candidates think they have a good answer to that, I think you have my
vote.
I think I have a really good answer for that.
Roy Ziegler.
Julie Roy Roy, go ahead.
Well, you know, there are some countries where they use windmills to make power.
So I think the windfall in through those would give us more power.
Well, that's not exactly what the guy's asking.
What was he asking?
When you say windfall, Collar, you were referencing...
Holland, that's where they do that.
Well, I guess what I was referencing
is the lack of funds that are going
to be there when the property values drop
from the property tax.
Oh, I would just institute a hokey tax.
A hokey tax.
That's all everyone's going to be eating when I'm mayor.
Real.
OK.
That's all anybody's going to be eating?
Yeah.
All right, you know what?
I'm glad I have your boat, thank you.
Thanks for calling.
We'll take a few more calls, and then we're
going to do the closing statements for everybody
tonight, all the candidates.
WFMU, you're on the air.
Yeah, can I talk to Bryce, please?
Well, Bryce is in the audience.
He's not here.
He'll.
I'm still here.
What's going on, man?
He gave me this number.
Hi, baby.
Please, get off the stage.
You're not even the candidate.
Are you baked?
Yeah, what up, Bryce? Yo, it's Matt Kay from Nuverse, huh?
Oh, Matt, Matt, Matt, Matt.
Let's do it at QP, son.
What's that?
Oh, now you're acting like you don't know.
Well, Harrops, this is all kind of on my tail.
He's looking for me.
Yeah, where's my product, son?
Yeah, um, oh, that magazine that you wanted?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, that copy of your magazine,
it's going to be by that log behind Lady's Foot Locker.
a lot while i came through what i thought
he's still looking right at me i can't say enough and i was
okay okay
here he comes i gotta go thanks okay there goes bright
and he's here again
unbelievable
yet these are you people out there
i tell
one
joke
about how there's more candidates up here
then the then snow white had dwarfs and i get
greeted with absolute sounds but you'll applaud anything
well maybe you're not telling it right
what i would pay okay let me tell it
you you tell it right
all right everybody
uh...
it's no secret that uh...
that there's more
candidates up here
then uh... snow white had dwarfs
It's not, and you didn't even, you know, you delivered it wrong.
No, I didn't, I said that it's Snow White.
That's the punch line, so you didn't hit Snow White.
Thanks, comedy genius.
Oh, yeah.
You're gonna take a few more calls and then have the closing statements.
the great david brener told me that
fm you you're on the air
i have got a question for silly boy
yup
well
i'm leaning towards you to be honest
but i just wanted to know in terms of the
the presidential election which candidate you think would do the most
for new bridge bush
bush
yeah he can't run again why can't he run again because he's been president
twice or all man
is for good times
they were not good time who's who's running who's running i haven't really
been kept abreast of the i'm sorry i said breast at that's okay uh...
uh... john mccain
who's john mccain
john he's uh... he's uh...
uh... senator from mash
and uh...
hello larry
no that was mcclean stevenson
is he running cuz i was that for him he's not alive anymore i remember those
fishing hooks he had on his cap and you remember when he when it was that it
was the episode when he uh...
he went away and then now who's a little kid
who came in
and he said that his see what his uh... his flight went down in the sea at
japan
oh that was a sad moment for the elevation that was a said why are we
talking about this is nothing to know so john mccain is running a vote for him
because i like his name he reminds me of those fish in the house that well
that's fantastic and there's barack obama is the other guy running i don't
like the sound of that at all
of
what okay thank you for a couple more calls
fm you you're on the air
moderator
this is josh in newbridge
job thank you josh for for being rude to me what he just said moderator
well that's that that's
my name's tom that's all the respect you deserve it's not even deserve nothing
more what what can i do for you josh
I had a question for Mr. Von Trimble.
Okay, Timmy Von Trimble, the Josh has a question for you.
Yes.
I know there were some problems at the last
by annual colonial days over
and I was wondering if you had any ideas to
splice it out.
Well, um, yeah.
You know what we got to do?
What's that?
we gotta get rid of the um...
you know this time i think we everyone knows what i'm talking about
don't you know what i'm talking about
i think you make the point on
goodbye
no you get out of here
couple more calls and then
w f m u you are on the air
hi tom uh... this is james from uh... south newbridge i'd like a question for
mister roman
uh... question for marki roman from james aya doin james
all right uh... wondering uh... what are you
what do you have in store to do about the sinkhole
well the sinkhole has been uh...
has been bothering me for a long time you know i know they was talking about
putting the colored marbles in there and stuff
and uh...
you know it's fine this reminds me of something when we was doing an in store
on the subterranean jungle uh... tor
no actually it was before it was pleasant dreams also and i was
I didn't quite know that you weren't supposed to take promo records and stuff, so I took
a couple and John goes, hey Mark what are you doing?
And I go, John just taking some promos, and he goes, you can't do that, it's rude.
And then Dee Dee goes, well if he's getting some promos, I want promos too.
And then John goes, Dee Dee, you don't even listen to records.
And then Dee Dee goes, this is a classic Dee Dee thing.
He goes, John I do too.
I listened to Ramon's records while we're making him.
And even John had to laugh at that, but he didn't.
He just got madder and madder and madder.
Wow, wow.
And does that tie into, does that satisfy you, James?
That's great.
Thanks, James.
Thanks, Mr. Ramon, thanks, Tom.
Thank you.
Okay, final call, WFMU, you're on the air.
yes i i want to ask question to mister secretary breton said yes
okay i wanted to find out that are you planning on
uh... performing at the the inaugural ceremony
oh absolutely yeah and i'll tell you i can do that song way better than that
other guy did it earlier tonight
what what song is that that song the theme song
you read you really did you can do that
the new bridge national and absolutely give me a shot
okay well let me see if we can
if we can get that up here for you
try to get the uh...
work and give me the lyrics
let's get that up here for Zachary Brimstead he's going to sing let me get my note
the new bridge national anthem
no
you find me tighten this up a little bit find your notes i want to see my
No, nobody nobody wants to see you want it looser. Don't you I would you they don't want to
Please people like this is a sick town
I'm telling you I need to get out of this town if that's you do if that's what people are about here
I'm out of here. I know I do. Oh
John Stinks, John Stinks, everybody's touching,
Tom Stinks, Tom Stinks, why do you people not like me?
Because you stink, you couldn't get the 37 signatures.
I could have if I wanted to.
Tom, Tom, you don't have to say that you could have.
I know you couldn't.
Thank you, Dr..
It's a good thing you did.
Thank you, Dr.. I appreciate it.
Let's do the theme song, the New Bridge National Anthem,
if everybody would again stand and uh... for the new bridge national anthem we
would appreciate that
uh... here we go are you ready mister brems
no
new bridges the kind of place
where people can be free
and new bridges the kind of place
For folks like me and you
It doesn't matter if you're poor
Or if you're out to make a school
New Bridge is the kind of place
For people like you and me
New Bridge is just what you needed
To grant your fantasy to you
No bitches, just what you need, no more affordable jeans.
This is a jeans again.
Come to the jeans, genies.
Special back to school, sell all of these $44.99.
$45.84 each month in a row.
What are you giving out the jeans?
Yeah, stop it.
Stop it.
Not that I can fit into them.
We're done here.
We're done.
Now the closing statements, we have two minutes left for us to do the closing statement.
And I'm going to go from right to left with all the candidates, please give me a brief
summation of what, one question, final question.
What is your goal if you are mayor of Newbridge?
Let's start with Hammerhead.
Probably barging you.
Okay, great.
Bishop Pablo Fontana, your stand?
I would think that the thing that is most important to us is probably you either being
barged and and or
Medard murdered great. Thank you
Thor from New Bridge
Thanks, thanks for calling on yeah, we didn't even call on you tonight
I would say that probably that's right my my biggest thing
My biggest concern would be how to keep you dead. Oh, you know like do we can't bear you because then it's just gonna
you could get out okay thank you Thor Philly boy Roy oh man probably your
murder Zachary Brimstead talking for Philly boy Roy so I guess that's some
sort of political alliance here he don't talk for me okay so no but I have to
say probably your murder too. Oh great. Death by Hogi. Fantastic. Bob from the
Newbridge Freedom Lovers party. Your death. Oh thank you. Marki Ramon. After
thinking about it a long time I probably have to say that probably killing you
would be the number one thing that I want to do. Okay. Tied a he on your voice.
Thank you. Dr. Fred Myers from the mental health party. Mr. Ramon has a
point. I'd probably agree with that. Great. Oh, that's fantastic. First, I would expose
your records to everybody online, probably. Thank you. Yeah, the Tor Halversum. Okay,
he's running his finger across his throat again. Paul from Consolidated Cardboard. Another...
Yeah, probably getting your office space. Uh-huh. You know, that corner office. Yeah. And then
killing you uh-huh um pudge paulfner um i guess like your death and stuff oh great
thank you even you turning kids me um associate producer mike michael is
keeping all of these other guys out of office vote for me so you're not even
going to call for my murder no thank you thank you mike and we didn't even
Chief Ray Ploppelton never even chimed in tonight, did he?
Oh, he left.
Hey, you know what I want to do, though.
What's that?
I want to call for an institution of Article 14 of the New Bridge Constitution.
Article 14?
Yeah.
What is Article 14?
You haven't here, don't you?
Let me see.
Article 14.
Article 14.
Okay, there's Article 13 is the bunker laws, which is forcing everybody to watch.
everybody to watch on the family. Let's see. Here is article 14. All right, it says article 14.
If in the future the technology exists to allow interaction between citizens via a, and then
this is in quotes, a personal computer, computer with an O there, then my gubernatorial voting may
may be conducted exclusively through said devices online capabilities.
Well, when was this written?
1971.
Wow, how did they, this is the most backward town yet somehow they knew about the internet
coming, which I guess that means that we are going to have to conduct the new bridge
major editorial election online at friends of tom dot com the poll will be up
uh... in a few hours
people can vote for who they want to see as mayor of new bridge the polls
are going to be open for a couple weeks
and you can vote as often as you like
the polls are going to be up look for that later
friends of tom dot com on the forum
you can vote
till your heart's content
i want to thank all the candidates for coming here
and uh... let's have a big hand for all the candidates who came out tonight
and did their part.
Thank you, everybody.
Thanks, everybody.
And thank you for letting me host the thing.
Oh, let's go.
Nope.
And then it comes to me and nobody.
OK, fine.
Now, do it again.
See if you know.
OK.
All right, but you don't fair enough.
Oh, how about this?
Everybody heard.
Hey, everybody.
Thanks for coming out.
And thank you.
Everybody vote.
And let's hear it for time, OK?
Yeah, you was right.
they don't like you
they don't like no
you know they do like though evan funk davies uh...
who's coming up next he's going to have the uh... uh...
uh... electoral uh... uh... uh... what
he's going to get in-depth with the new bridge election tonight
and uh... really
find out where your heads are at as far as this goes
for the next three hours uh... here on w f m u east orange w x h d mad hope
worldwide on the worldwide web at w f m u dot o r g
The polls are open in a couple hours, friendsatomp.com.
You go over, you vote for who you want to see,
be the next mayor of New Bridge.
We get that happening,
and you're gonna be able to vote as much as you want.
WFM U, Starnish, WXH, D-mount Hope, World Wide and World Wide Web,
WFM U did Urgy.
Also, go over to friendsatomp.
We're going to start the best show
on WFM U World Domination Scheme.
Phase one is going to take effect,
and one of the key players is going to be
the guy you're going to hear for the next three hours
i'm not going to say how
he's going to be a role he will
might have to be a pawn
he might have to be a pawn in the game
he might have to be our heady carol
he might have to be our heady carol
to uh... to uh... mike's williams and zinger