Hey, who's this?
Well, I am but a child governor of Alabama.
Hi, it's, uh, Gerald Perlmutter.
Tom Sharpling, governor of party.
Hey, Tom, it's purple, sir.
Hey, Tom, it's Mark Michaels.
This is Richard Clark.
Richard Clark.
What's your name?
Baron.
Baron.
the two. Firecrush. Maurice Kurt? Horrifying.
Hey, Thomas Bruce. Johnny! Who's this?
Genji Vitis. Genji Vitis. Yes, they have Rick Feloni at the Wawa. I guess it was.
I hate you. It's Peter. Hey, it's Steinberg. Mm-hmm.
Do all creepy and I'm hanging upon you.
Boing. Roger Depp. My name is Ollie Fairnock.
I'll say it. You'll hear it. You'll do it. I'll get it. You'll learn it.
I'll live with it and you'll die without it.
Smasher trash.
Derek, I'm calling you Tom.
Good day.
What's up, Tom? It's Jason.
Hey, it's Michelle.
Yeah, Tom. This is Jim Riffle. How you doing?
When I get to do the toilet talk now.
The vaudeville of the new century.
My name is Tom Riley. I'm calling from New Zealand.
Hey, man, it's Brian.
Ted, no, no, that's a tent pole. It's a tent pole show.
Hey, this is Tedlia.
Whaaaaaat?
This is Pete from the Future.
Hi, Tom. It's DJ Terry Chase.
Hey, from Knoxville.
Supercaller.
Go up the top.
My name is Mike Sajak.
Get off my phone, I don't care.
Hey, this is it, be panned, man.
I'm going to go with your bed now.
Bye, friend.
Hey, Tom, it's Gordon.
Hey, Gordon, how are you?
I was in a band in the early 90s.
My name is Jerry Page.
Tom, my name is Jeffrey Ludell.
It's a fat, diseased, wilder, ragged neck, isn't it?
The disenfranchised have a home now.
I'm the hero of the disenfranchised.
It's been a night, ain't it like yet?
Is that your mouth, cause it's time to talk yet?
I thank you to the best show I'm telling you I thank you to the best show
I thank you to the best show I thank you to the best show I thank you to the best show
I thank you to the best show I'm telling you I thank you to the best show
I thank you to the best show I'm telling you to the best show
I thank you to the best show I'm telling you to the best show I'm telling you to the best show
I'm telling you the best show, I'm telling you the best show
I'm telling you the best show, I'm telling you the best show
I wanna know if it's good to you, baby, when you do what you do to me
Make my heart be sweeter than what it says
It plays the rain since I met you
And I won't remember if it's close to the better way
You are to do to me
And all that it must have been good
The baby doesn't show me good to me
Do you feel like nothing's
Every time you fall my neck
We need your pleasure to be the friend
We're good
We're good
Yeah.
Yeah.
We're going to be doing it.
We're going to be doing it.
So
I don't want to talk about the things we've gone through
So it's hurting me, now it's history
I've played all my cards
And that's what you've done through
Nothing more to say
No more race to play
The winner takes it all
The looser's standing small
Beside the victory
That's my destiny
I was in your arms
Thinking I belonged there
I figured it makes sense
Building me a fence
Building me a home
Thinking I'd be strong there
But I was a fool
Playing by the rules
The gods may grow with ice
Their minds as cold as ice
And someone way down here
Loses I wonder
The winner takes it all to
The loser has to fall
It seems when it's played
Why should I complain?
But tell me, does she kiss?
Like I used to kiss her
Does it feel the same?
When she calls your name
Somewhere deep inside
You must know I miss you
But what can I say?
Rules must be your thing
The junches will decide
The lights of me are mine
Stink taters on the shore
Always stay in love
The game is over again
A leopard on a friend
A big king of his mind
That way they chase it all
I don't want to talk
If it makes you feel sad
And I understand
You've come to shake my hand
I apologize
If it makes you feel bad
Seeing you so tense
No self-confidence
But you see
The winner takes it all
The winner takes it all
So the winner takes it all
The best show, double your weapon
The best show, double your weapon
All right, this is the big one is the big one all eyes on you all eyes on you
Ah-ha-ha-ha! Yeah! Best shows back, best shows back for another Tuesday night installment
and tonight, may be the most exciting show we have ever done. That's right. Why? Two
reasons. First of all, the Best Show on WFMU Awards are tonight. So tonight is the Best
awards is the name of the award actually and we will get to that fast like
lightning then we are going to obviously keep track of all this stuff very
exciting news politically tonight because tonight after tonight we will
have a new president and it's very exciting
i'm curious to see who it's going to be i uh...
i went online to figure out how to vote and i was not able to find the correct
uh...
the correct website
so hoping you guys all did the right thing and you logged on
maybe they could cookies i think my computer with cookies i have a whole
thing with that
i was not able to uh... access
the proper website
what's that
super Tuesday
what's that mean
now
okay
all right okay
apparently tonight we will not have a new president
but we will find out uh...
a lot of states are voting uh... for the primaries
which come before the election
I thought the election was earlier this year.
I was like, what?
February, whatever.
You know how I am with that stuff?
I just go where I'm told.
So we will be tracking the results tonight.
And also we just heard from Abba.
That's right, winner takes it all.
I send that out as a message.
Remember people, hubris sunk the Titanic.
Remember that, hubris sunk the Titanic. That's what brought it down.
That was the best Super Bowl ever. Best ever.
We'll get into that later in the program. Let's get to the awards though.
Who should just get right to it and starting us off obviously.
We heard Funkadelic from their hit album Free Your Mind.
your mind I will not say the second half of that title is disgusting there's a
family-related program we heard I want to know if it's good to you am I
prepared for this call Mike all right well let's let's just get the awards
underway
the best shown w f m u best shown w f m u awards
i guess this is a uh...
we will let's just get things started with this call
fm you you're on the air
thank you tom
this is part of thompkins that's right comedian
from hollywood california
thank you
uh... is
helpful to be with you on this very exciting evening
that's right tonight are the awards
yes the best show on w f m u
that show or
that's right
people have
anticipating these for quite some time now
and uh... i'm sure people are dressed up at home
and looking forward
to uh... either winning or hearing about awards
that is correct they are either uh... there are plenty of people now sitting
on the edge of their seats
or in some cases on the edge of their orange crates
but in most cases
i'm going to actually say
or one and uh...
that's why i might be a sixty forty proposition
crates to seats
which is always with some of them with some of the nominees tonight
we actually have a run eighty twenty crates to seats
how many people do you think that in the audience tonight are with or
somehow
illegally to the show
oh i don't know if it's free
you mean whether it's uh... through a stolen uh... a Wi-Fi signal
or a stolen radio
or there in someone's house they don't belong in
yes somehow they should not be hearing the show eighty two percent
it was quite high
it is quite high
it is quite high
uh... but that's these are the people
that's why this award show is for those people
not one of these snooty things like the no bell
peace prize or whatever that thing is
who was a good thing
exactly
but i'm asked
uh... what what do you personally were to such an occasion is tonight
uh...
say usual thing i i i wear a uh...
now rock t-shirt
cut-offs
trench coat
uh...
away i'm not kevin smith sorry
i forgot for a second i thought i was him
what do you think that
i don't know it was like that movie the three you ever see that movie
now the three
good movie
actually know that didn't that was from adaptation that didn't exist either
that the movie that was being written in adaptation i believe so
by charlie clauson's brother yes
his first stab at screenwriting
that was a yes
now have you seen that movie lately
no
uh... because it is what you might end up doing which is what i've ended up
doing if it's on
uh...
television
uh... and uh...
say i i've
t-vote or something
uh... i will fast-forward to the the maryle street kris cooper parts
so literally you will watch half the movie
you know what it was it all works out just fine
you really don't miss anything at all
that the uh... i don't have to try that
i recommend it
now paul tompkins you are the uh... famous comedian
yes i am
the uh...
uh... who or the host of the paul of tompkins show which can be seen uh...
more or less every month in los angeles is that correct
that is correct
with the exception of february due to its uh... it's uh...
it's shortened nature
yes due to its brevity
the next uh... uh... paul of tomkins show will will uh... be march first
march first we're skipping over
black history hunt
and we're kicking off women's history month
and that uh... i hope you'll be all uh... at least kind of acknowledge that
during the show
yes it's lady's night
and uh...
where you could have price uh... well drink
uh... for the first hour of the show
that's great
and
if you if you pay in susan bantheney dollars uh... you get uh... in for half
price
you know that ladies
get those susan banthe's out of the bottom of that uh... coin jar if you can
come up with five dollars
of susan bantheney if you get a few five susan banthe dollars
you get it for five dollars
There you go.
That's not bad.
Let's get to the awards.
Tom, I'm glad you said so.
Enough banter.
Enough panel.
How was the first category?
Well, I want to just name some of the categories.
Rookie of the year.
I know a couple of candidates for that.
Most delusional caller.
Oh, there's many candidates for that.
Most pathetic caller.
it's almost every candidate there is a huge difference might sound similar
in the difference between the two
that there's somebody who's delusional is definitely pathetic someone who's
pathetic is not necessarily delusion exactly and
a a a a next-door neighbor to those two topics
saddest caller
satisfied
best show
best best show recapper
I want to find out when it gets announced best guest best guest of which
you are a nominee yes you are no they will be revealed this is the only award
show for the nominees and the winners are revealed
worst call
to the uh... required to be achievement award exactly at that and they're uh...
sexiest woman
award
that was not as far right
but let's go out yeah
and man's magazine exactly
who's gonna be our sexiest woman of the year
do you know if you get a category as well
but one of the categories is worst caller
which are which is not the famous most original or most of the political status
no no
the worst caller might
or might not have some of those elements
but they bring a special
they bring a special uh... ingredient
asianna say qua
i'm not in the right for that one am i
no
okay just checking
best gump
uh...
so many senators
so many ks
so many nominees yes
how could you ever know that i'm the one
well i get ready
we'll see
we'll see it's exciting
best slash most violent threat
came to tom
to tom or from tom
to tom named to tom
but you should survive for itself
yeah i do actually that should have been a category
you know what positivity
we're getting positive
that's right here's what i've got a great
it's uh... uh...
million way tie
exactly it
yes
thank you
and finally best caller
but just that
best caller yes
well i know who i like for that but i'm not going to say
interesting
i also know who i don't like for that
and i'm not gonna say
very uh...
very uh... very gay gay not cagey
i keep my own council exactly
yeah
is not uh... uh... what is is this uh...
uh... it's under where we broadcast every thought we have now
i'm trying to set up you know some mystery that will ever be solved nor will
it be remembered
people
and
a very exciting uh... tribute during the evening
uh... the top so you're huckleberry fin
lifetime achievement award
well
achievement
will be asked for achievements in humor
will be presented by me
uh... to me
uh...
also really know that one yes
now what you know if you've got a word right because you want to stay in the
competitive awards
exactly i was like uh... like a uh... like a uh... like uh... petero tool
yeah
but i know i think it's an honor
coming from you
is there anything sadder by the way then the uh...
than the actor who discusses any facet
of getting nominated or declining a nomination or why did i never win
just making that something public to it to be discussed
yes here's what's better somebody asking them about it
that's true
someone else initiating that that conversation
day like like how whole brook for example
has brought up more than once that he has never won an Oscar
and uh... now what would he
or for what the fog
the fog
exactly
and then and the winner is
get up here whole brook
i love my job
i want to thank john carpenter
about the
yeah
tom sevini
but
andrew bob
those goo those ghoul pirates
you did it again sevini
he's david
he's in a lot of
i don't know if it's not
maybe just a little
i couldn't get out of his apartment in the john carpenter universe
and then he would turn it political
if we don't support what's going on in dot four
but he's got the opposite
more than that
that would be like
get that award back from him
and then he dies on the stage
like you literally
like he literally
never has to go through the indignity
of getting of the humiliation of what he said
he got out of winter
he won the trophy and they also had to speak his mind
that he instantly died
to get through all worlds
out of this even better if somehow he falls asleep first on the stage and then
that's okay
he's dead
but i think that's what i think we can't believe and then fog starts rolling on
the
because this is what he had planned for this
yes exactly
you put aside some money
and then likely a bit of my pet
yeah i think i am your words after saying a wildly unpopular
uh... political statement exactly uh... all that mark twenty one
finally puts that mark twain money to some use
so i was a i was asking someone
to follow-up on the uh...
the use of
uh... i didn't see you there in a in a one-person show yes which we had
discussed
and uh...
uh... uh... friend of mine
uh... carter posited that it might have been uh...
there was some show about uh... and we didn't really dickinson
i forget who the actress was
did a one-person show about the life of emily dickinson
and uh... it may
uh... it's got believes that it opened with
and we think it's in reading a book
and turning to the audience saying oh hello
yeah i didn't uh...
that might be it
now do you think did you know that mark train show
he started doing that how over in the sixty's yeah
oh yeah he's been doing that
now he literally is doing it thirty years at mark twain like died thirty
years
younger than
then hellhole brook is actually doing that show now
it's mark twain had one of those looks
i'm sure he looked like that when he was in his thirties
look at that old man
well tonight that i'm sure the academy is going to
well that's a collected spastic
will give how old brook the oscar
well when the tom so you're huckleberry fin
lifetime achievement award is granted in for uh... accomplishments in humor
and have accomplished a lot of humor tom paul because
yet
here's the thing
you haven't just made us laugh
and we did laugh
you haven't just made a thing
because we did think
you also made us angry sometimes
yes
anger that we need to have
that's right
about movies
people
People, people, you talk about people priming the bump.
I got to get my mail today.
I get a package sent to me in the mail.
Ooh, what's this?
I didn't order anything from Amazon.com.
I opened up the package.
It's wrapped, like a present.
Ooh, someone sent me a present.
I unwrap it.
You know what it is?
The wire.
Juno screenplay.
The screenplay.
The screenplay.
Yes, the screenplay.
Is it coming back?
Is it coming back?
Yes.
Yes.
Wow.
You know who did it?
director of uh... human giant show jason walliner
jason walliner that's his idea of a gag
he's really trying to get into your skin
right before my show now i'm all i'm all angered
but you've said last week you were going to talk about you know more he's
he won't let it rest though guys like that
they bring it right back i'm back in it again that's how they want you
yeah i'm back in it
that's how they want you
who is there is a word for uh... part of the the most
uh... stick poking
there should be
but the bear baiting award
the bear
yeah
so
you have a wonder what do you have anything to say before we give out the
first award paul f thompkins any any thoughts
i i i would say uh...
uh... i am uh... i would congratulate all the nominees
uh...
this evening
uh... this is a very exciting time i hope that there are as excited as they
should be
and i would say to everyone who's nominated tonight
you you've earned it
and you wouldn't just just be the nominee you've earned it
because you wouldn't be here
unless
you are high
or
afraid to talk to women
or both
but these people can really be excited to hear their names mentioned on the
radio
i'm just saying finally those attributes pay off exactly
finally you turn it uh... the uh... you're uh... you're uh... you're uh...
you're a winner in a loser at the same time
that's right for some of the awards for some of them
two thousand eight is all about lemonade
i say we give out the first award
the first award is going to be
let's just start it off with a uh...
with a bank saddest caller
do i get to stay on the line if you want to stay on the line for this one
i would like to
okay
here we go
with the nominee the nominees for saddest caller
james
Oh yeah. Boring Owen. And Spike. And the winner.
Let's take your card open, aren't they?
Come on. The winner is... Hesh!
Let's hear a little bit of Hesh to remind us what made him the saddest
caller material. You want to know what I love? I love the fact that you are
somehow the the judge of what makes for good radio and what what makes for bad
radio. You are maybe the lamest caller who has ever called this show. Yeah. Boring,
rambling, terrible phone connection, this is what happened you know I I I I try to
talk and then you just like shut me off like that that's what that's what
does it to me that's what makes me like it makes me an alcoholic actually you
know I try to bring me down how long you've been writing this this Hesh is an
alcoholic routine this is but that's not the truth I've been you've been
workshop in this amongst you with your friends
i don't have any friends
i'm hush
uh...
that's not the part of the media doing a
dancing or whatever
hash
hash if you're out there
call up and accept your award
uh...
what's that mike
that was a classic flame out
uh... killing
That was chilling.
I'm hearing that.
I guess I don't know, maybe, when it happened in the moment,
it didn't seem quite that clip isolated by itself now, man.
Yes.
That is beautiful.
Who's on two, Mike?
Tell this guy to call back, please.
Mike is calling about other things.
realize this is a word show
uh...
uh...
they don't care
yet i should seem from lost during the Oscars
exactly
hash if you're out there give a call two old one two oh nine
nine three six eight
that was uh... pretty depressing uh... i don't i don't have any friend
i'm hesh
well boy
oh hesh what are we gonna do without you and opal of tomkins what are we gonna
do without you
I don't know. I don't know, Tom. I think you're gonna be just fine
But I'm delighted to have been a part of the first annual. Is that safe to say? Yes
Best show on WFMU best show awards. Oh, well, thank you for calling and getting it kicked off. Well, it was absolutely my pleasure
I wish I could listen to the rest of the broadcast, but I I wish you I wish everyone the best of luck
You hear that people?
All winners and losers
Paul F. Tomkins we will catch you at a comedy club near us I'm assuming yes indeed
people can find out by going to myspace.com slash Paul F. Tomkins yes and watch
the skies here you go thank you thank you Tom God bless the awards hash the
first winner of the night, saddest caller. Did that throw you Mike? Did you think
Hesh was gonna win that one? Do you knew Hesh would walk away with that? Oh yeah.
Hesh, if you're out there. Step up to the podium.
The ward's sitting there, unclaimed by Hesh.
So anyway, back to this Super Bowl thing.
we'll give another award out in a few minutes
how awesome was that
bad guys lost
good guys won
good guys won the cheaters were punished
cheaters lost in the biggest game
humiliated in front of the world
that's what you get for being a cheater
that was as much uh... that was as as uh...
as uh...
as uh... as uh... tantalizing
a uh...
reversal of fates
you know what
those guys they they cheated
then they lost when everybody was watching final game
you know you gotta lose one game which one do you lose
you're gonna go eighteen and one
pick which one you're gonna lose
all you want to lose in uh... october now ok
november
uh... you lost in february
and there's nobody more uh... pathetic
and then uh... troll like
That monster, Bill Belichick, that weird,
he looks like a uncaged ape on the sideline
that they put a sweatshirt over to get like a 5XL sweatshirt
and put it on that monster.
Guys always sad.
Guys always sad.
You know, he's mad in a bad mood.
You don't deserve to win.
I was in a bad mood. I didn't want to see that guy all of a sudden. Oh, now he's happy.
Now he's going to do his, uh, now he's going to cheer and smile.
Now, you lost, you're out.
Stay sad. You want to be sad all the time? Good. Now you're sad more.
That guy.
Put a, like, a monster with a
sweatband around his head.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hello.
Hello.
Is this am I on the air at WFMU?
Yes.
Did you just say that I was on the air at WFMU and then I asked you if I was on the
the air at WFMU did yes you're on the air I said you're on the air and you're on the
air who says no I'm well I want to apologize first for asking if I was on the air after
you had said that I was on the air and I feel bad about that I feel like I'm I like
wasted time at the at the start of this call don't worry you're you didn't will you know
move forward you're on the air okay so this is my name is Dylan Miller
And I'm the president of the Los Angeles chapter of the Spike fan club.
We're a big, well we're not, we're big fans, we're not a big group number wise, but in
spirit we are big fans of Spike and we wish we wanted to call in and wish him the best
on tonight's show.
You wanted to wish Spike, okay, sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt you.
On tonight's show, yes, that he would get, we hope that some, he gets awards tonight
that we're hoping he gets, and we're calling in to hope that's what happens for Spike.
He's up for, he's up for a few awards tonight.
about where behind them, like a million motorcycles.
If there was a million motorcycles behind, that's where we'd be.
We'd be on the motorcycle.
It's not a million of us, but all of us would be on the motorcycles.
The other ones, there would be no one on them, but we would be revving the ones we'd be on.
Okay, so that's we just wanted to say good luck. So you want to say good luck to Spike who will
We will be giving awards out. He will you will see how he fares as the night goes on
So how do you how do you think in the dinty more beef stew?
That if they cut that all the potatoes are in these little cubes
but if they cut it up that way then there's got to be parts of the potatoes
that they don't get put in there because it's only the cube part so there's got
to be throwaway potatoes. Do you feel like round round the brown part of the
potato? Yeah it would be a good idea to put for Dintymore to have have a
thing called throwaway potatoes and that's the potato ends they don't use in the
do and that's in a different can with sauce and it wouldn't be expensive that
would we I would like that that was an idea that I just had now and I decided
to say well that's impressive you know it's a pretty good idea although it's
dinty more that expensive really well I'm just saying okay you win that's good
but it is okay let's say that you're right and Dintymore is not expensive
think of how much more of a less expensive that Dintymore left over
what was I originally calling it leftovers left over potato yes potato left
overs and think about how much cheaper that would be than Dintymore beef still
which I like dinky more beef stew just fine how did we get on this I'm sorry
yeah I I said it was an idea that I had and I decided that I would say it okay
well that's that I don't know how that ties back to you wishing spike the best
of luck tonight I don't know where the dinky more thing plays in I just think
that Spike offers a very confident way to go through life, and that if you have an idea,
you should embrace it and not let other people judge it, and it should go wherever it goes.
Okay, so you look at him as an inspiration?
I look at him as my oxygen, and that he lets me know that I can escape, and that he's my
batteries
uh... he's our batteries
it's not just me there's other people
uh...
while in the spike
it's kinda
fair enough i didn't
exactly
it's hard for me to picture him as anyone's oxygen
or way out
well that's because you know it's a select
it's not
you know a lot
there weren't very many people that looked at uh... gondi is their oxygen
or inspiration. It was just a tiny group of people that were behind him and then look
what they did.
Huh, okay.
I was just like, I think just 20 people. If I'm not, I didn't see the sexy beast guy
movie about him, but I don't think it was a lot of people he had. And so Spike is sort
are the same idea. It's not a lot of people do a little thing. That's our philosophy.
I'm sorry, not a lot of people do a little thing. Can do a small thing. Not a lot of
people can do a small thing. Well, I'm not saying that it's not that a lot of people
can't do a small thing
i'm saying that a group
that is not a lot of people when they are in a group
together
can do a very small thing
which i think is what
is says
okay that doesn't say that out loud but something like that
sure now that makes sense
that what is he up
what is he going to be rewarded um... well
There's gonna be an award
Let's see what category spike is in that I can give away while you're on the on the line. How about
Most most delusional caller we can do
Yeah
Would you yes, could you call that most delusional? I think that should be called most delusional caller in Tom's opinion. Oh
Fair enough most all right the most delusional caller in Tom's opinion
I'm opinion
the award okay, let me
Let me give this away. Let me actually get
uh...
uh... if you're out there
uh... nominees get ready if you hear your name mentioned
give a call two or one two or nine nine three six eight the nominees
tonight indicate to your listeners
that i'm crossing my fingers i'm holding the phone
with my
i'm using my jaw against my right shoulder
and i have both fingers crossed now i want to drop the phone
okay no that people can picture that i'm sure
uh...
The nominees for most delusional caller are Clark, Stevie Blue, Spike, James, and Paul
from Tennessee, the rich lawyer, if anybody can remember that, who wasn't sure where to
go on vacation post graduate graduation with his girlfriend. And the winner is it's
Clark. Clark is the winner. Sorry. Tom. Yes. I'm in a I'm in a restroom with
nice soap. Yeah, these soaps are carved. One of them looks
like the moon. If a werewolf, if there was an astronaut who
was a werewolf, and he flew to the moon, if a werewolf was
actually on the moon, would he have Superman powers? Because
he'd be on the moon. Sure. No, I. So if he's on the earth, and
The moon that far away makes him a wolf.
Yeah.
So standing on the moon, it would be like the way that spike is.
It'd be like me standing on spike and giving me his energy.
You could only imagine.
OK.
Wow.
Well, let's hear a clip of Clark.
I don't know if you heard this clip, sir.
This is the first time Clark called.
We're talking about Poetic Justice, FMU, you're on the air.
Oh, hey, me, hey, what's up?
Not a whole lot, who's this?
Uh, yeah, you got Clark out here.
Who?
Oh, what?
Yeah, you got Clark out here in Indiana, New Jersey.
Clark?
Yeah, it's been a long time since I called this station for years.
But flipping around the channels, you know, the internet channels,
like, hey, I've been with these guys in a while, and boom, there you are.
Welcome back, Clark.
oh yes indeedy
and air hockey hot at the back
all it's been here
uh... but that's not what i call about
i call about because i've got a little piece of poetic justice for you
sure let's hear it i thought about this for a moment
now remember those little atorexica
let me let me let me
let me choose my words carefully here is to say internet
uh...
direct direct sick
in
celebrities
female
uh...
that have been
getting busted for drunk driving along like that and yet and like this
although i was a little bit
i don't know if it's going on and or whatever i don't keep up on hollywood
<E.D.>
but
one of them ended up uh... on a second d w i charge only spent three hours in
jail
um...
hello
yeah
poetic justice for that
i think the judge order you'll commit them to community service for a while
and forever how long like the time they do
by driving around with type canada
dot org here on
you got them clark you did it again
keep calling
I think I might do that. Have fun. You too. Bye.
That's right.
Clark was the winner on that one.
I remember that call. You do remember that call?
As much as I loved Spike, I think Spike would respect the fact that I'm saying that that was more delusional than Spike.
He respects honesty.
yes that that one went deeper than uh...
then spike could ever go to
and in the spirit of being honest
i didn't feel back
uh...
plastic on the desert portion of this dinner
created a pressure bubble and chocolate
top of the brownie week into the green beans and i have to go fix this now so
i i must politely asked to get off of it
well okay well thank you for calling in
I'm sure Spike out there appreciates your support.
I, WF, that show on WFMU number one.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Clark, if you're out there listening,
give a call.
Collect your, well, he's not going to collect this award.
Yes, that's how we do it.
When they don't get the award, Mike collects it.
do you want to come in and say anything on behalf of clark
okay
so mike says her
thank you
on behalf of clark
two awards in the book already
most delusional caller and status caller
i think we have to break up that batch
because i'm starting to want to go home now
We can do and also the people moaning about the Super Bowl. You lost. What do you want me to do?
All year long, the Patriots fans. Yeah, they were so humble all year long.
Those salt-of-the-earth Patriots fans.
Just mad they got scorched when everybody was watching.
It's justice. You cheat. You get punished. That's how it should work. The rest of the world should work that effectively and karmically.
We've got a few other awards. We've got 10 awards tonight. We've given two out so far.
you think the uh... the uh... the way the uh...
half those players of all they were playing in the puppy ball
on the page is right mic
of puppy ball
i watch a puppy ball i was shocking the way the puppy ball has changed
they tossed a dog from it this year
They tossed a dog for rough housing.
Yeah, the dog was kept jumping all over the place.
Finally, ref blows his whistle, gives him a second warning,
then tosses him.
Let's give another reward out.
Let's keep it moving.
Best gump.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13.
there are fourteen nominees
so maybe we should do best gone through a best picture goes down
and play a batch
and then we will play some more and we'll at the end of the show best gone
will be given out
the young man called the show named brian
he's the first nominee for best gump
one of the rarest
of rare
events took place
with this category
this is maybe never happened in the history of the show brian
in the course of one show
was gump three times
the for one of the first nominees for best gump
brian let's take a listen
fm you you're on the air
i've been holding
well i guess what get off my phone
jerk
and being holding
yeah well now you're not holding anymore
as a dial town sound
yeah you happy now you wish you were back on hold
i've been holding yeah that's what happens i take one call and then i take
another call i'll take them all at once
is not some party line
okay every line's lit up let's just put everyone on the arid once
and then hounding
uh...
what's that
he was going to complain about his guidance counselor
get over it
guidance counselor
i'd love to see my guidance counselor right now
gump number one now let's check out comp number two
these are for the category best gump
brian
calling back
fm you are on the air
yes
this is brian
oh hi brian
you hung up on me because i said i've been
what's that
you can get hung up on
i like that i don't like your tone
you sound like a lot like a lot like you think you're tough guy telephone tough
guy
teach you a lesson
gotta break you down to build you back up
admittedly that was not a gump
but it was a
the sweetest kind of hang up when the person mentions
the word uses the word hung up
and they get hung up on as they mention it
let's hear part three of brian's best show adventure
fm you you're on the air
yes
brian i broke it down now you're ready to come back to the fold how are you brian
good thank you
thanks for taking my call all that's the quite all right what can i do for you
tonight young man
Oh, we're talking about the worst thing that anybody's told you.
Sure, what is it?
Yeah, I told you before.
I mentioned the guidance counselor thing.
Yeah, what about your guidance counselor?
Well, he told me that I'll never live up to my potential.
That you'll never live up to your potential?
Yeah.
It taught me all my life.
And what are you doing now for a living?
i'm a hypnotist
and i am living up to my potential i feel wonderful about it
but i've struggled with that
all my life a hypnotist
you would like one of those uh... carnival hypnotists like no no like a
night club
thing where you like get people to like
think that their chickens and stuff
now now i do hypnotherapy to help people
all
so you know i know tonight you mentioned hypnotism a couple times yes
and that's what you don't have an accent though how are you a hypnotist
i don't hear a a german accent
i am german
your water so it gets you just turn that on with its show time
i don't understand why do you need a german accent what kind of watch do you
have
that you wave in front of people's faces
now i just didn't talk
nice old-fashioned watch
now that school we can do that but
We just talk.
You don't just reach into your pocket,
take your watch a little watch fall out and say click, click, click.
You are hypnotized me right now.
I'm ready.
60 second hypnotism.
Oh, geez.
Focus the tension.
Focus your attention on my voice.
OK, I'm focused.
Focus your attention on my voice.
And focus your attention on the space that you're in.
Close your eyes.
And as are closed.
Focus on your breathing.
Focus on the space that you're in.
Focus on my voice.
Take a nice deep breath in.
Your eyes are closed.
Your eyes are so closed, so relaxed that you feel as if you can't even open them.
Take another deep breath in.
Another deep breath in, breathing in, I am peaceful, breathing out, I am calm.
Yes, Master.
Open your eyes, take a nice deep breath.
Wonderful.
Now it's not that at all.
It's not that at all.
I'll come down to the station and imitize you.
And now in a moment you'll feel like a doc.
I'm serious.
I thought that maybe as a follow up to this show you should do the best thing that anybody
ever told you. No. I'm going to count from one to three. I count the three. You'll open
your eyes and come out of this. One, two, three. Get off my phone. I'm back. I had
Let me hypnotize there.
This is going to tell me to rob a bank.
Brian, the three-parter that was back on February 20th of 2007.
Here's another nominee in the Gomp category.
a young man discussing the movie grindhouse
you hear the show right
what's that you hear my show
that's fine if you ever want to call up but you're
don't put on grind
like that
you think this is funny show right
yes i love you show you love my show you think it's fine thank you for saying
that
you think i i i'm funny right
tom's funny
i don't know you have
You have a wit, but I'm not sure I'll call you funny.
Get off my phone!
Oh, dare!
I'm not funny!
You have a wit!
What am I, a Mark Twain?
Robert Benchley, I have a wit.
I'm making quips here.
This movie, be like if I did for this show, for my radio show,
which I'm going to say is funny.
I think it's funny.
Is this a funny show, Mike?
See, thank you. Mike says it's funny.
The Grindhouse nominee.
So far, the nominees are Brian with his three-parter.
We'll just call that guy Mr. Grindhouse.
And up next, a nominee in the Gomp category.
the young man behind redeeming rainbow
which was a uh...
a short that he had made he called up to discuss
redeeming rainbow this is the next nominee
in the best gamp category
what is it again some rainbow uh... reading thing or something
it's called redeeming rainbow it's stupid uh... yes
get off my phone
two oh one two oh nine nine three six eight we're going to spend all night
talking about something stupid
yeah you're right it's stupid let's uh... let's uh... spend five more minutes of
show talking about it then
we got things to do here
it's not playtime
his work i'm here to do work
There we go. The first batch of Gomp nominees for Best Gomp of 2007 here on
the Best Show on WFMU award show. The phone number 201-209-9368. If you have
any questions or comments. Now's the time to call. Over the weekend I was I was selling
some DVDs. I have some used DVDs to sell. So I put together a list. I put them on Craig's
list and some guy found me he expressed interest we went back and forth settled
on a price that we could both be happy with and we then he's like alright great
what's your address and I was like little boy I forgot about this this part of
the equation. So I quickly scrambled. I said, yeah, got
something going on in my house. I'll meet you. You want to meet in
the shopping mall parking lot. So we agreed. And we met in a local
shopping mall parking lot. And instantly I felt like a low life. Like I was selling
something illegal. Yeah, I pop the back door of my car open. I got boxes. This guy
describes himself. This is how this guy describes himself. He's like, he's like
He's like, I'll be over there, I'm driving a, you know, a green Jeep or whatever.
And then he says, he says, yeah, you see me in the front of the place, I'm, I'll be wearing
a brown bomber jacket.
I'm a good looking white dude, that's how he literally, that is literally how he described
himself.
Hey a good-looking white dude
So first of all now I set out I'm driving around I'm driving around I'm saying oh
What am I gonna look for Dean Kane here?
You see Dean Kane wearing a brown brown bomber jacket
What am I gonna see?
George Clooney I
I couldn't believe, look, in this guy I saw, I saw him, this guy got off talking, he was
a good looking.
This guy was just average looking, it's anyone I've ever seen in my life.
You know what it looked like?
It looked like Taller Paul Williams with a beard.
Really good looking?
Good looking white dude.
by the way this is w f m u s orange w x h d mount hope worldwide and worldwide web
at w f m u dot o r g
this is the best shown w f m u we are
one hour and we're doing our uh...
best shown w f m u best shown w f m u awards tonight
it's good-looking white dude
like a poll williams
now i got this guy uh...
Now I pull up and the guy's like, uh, gets into my car.
Now instantly I feel like I should have just taken
these DVDs and thrown them in the river.
Would have been better, better trends,
but a bit more fair for me.
Got this guy sitting in my car across from me.
Now every image starts rushing through my mind.
Picture him just like, I got your money.
You get your money right here, he pulls a gun out.
picture myself getting robbed, getting stabbed, arrested, I don't know what, they're all my DVDs,
they're not stolen, but still my mind's racing. So then I'm driving around the parking lot, now
I'm like nervous almost, like driving around, like I'm just circling through the parking lot,
while this guy, this guy, now he, he gets in the front seat, then he goes, yeah, I'll get in the
back I'll go through the DVDs great now you're behind me that's that's
fantastic that'd be great to get a knife right up against my throat you uh yeah
I'll be a great great great situation not that big talking about 75 DVDs yeah
Yeah.
Yeah.
So now it's guys in the back, I'm rolling around the parking lot, finally I've had enough.
I pull over, I find a spot.
Now it feels like a drug deal, because now it's just two guys sitting, one's up front,
one's in the back, going through boxes or something.
It felt so suspicious.
Then he starts with the shenanigans, the price we settled on.
It's like, ugh, like, ugh, I had to drive so far.
I had to drive so far.
We said 300, how about 275, I had to drive so far.
Finally, I'm like, yeah, OK, whatever, 275.
Let's get out of my car.
Guy starts counting out the money.
He doesn't have 275.
Now, why, he has 250.
I'm not budging on this.
We're in front of a mall.
There's an ATM in there.
Go get it.
So he hands me the 250.
And then he goes, oh, go in the mold and go to the ATM.
Now, I realize I've got almost all of the cash in my hands.
All of the DVDs.
And I'm in a car.
He doesn't even know anything other than my name is Tom.
All of a sudden, things don't changed.
You know what?
They didn't change because this guy wasn't actually a crook.
Like the fantasy ahead of this guy attacking me was merely that, a fantasy.
Then the guy comes back out, he gets his money.
he gets in the front seat again with me. So yeah, drive me to my Jeep. I'm driving through
the parking lot trying to find this guy's Jeep. Oh, Craigslist. That really what Craigslist
is like. And right before I put this guy called, I have some books on sale on Craigslist. I
regret that already, you should see the guy I'm talking about with these books.
This is the one that I get killed on.
This book transaction, I'm telling you right now.
This book one is the one where I, this guy's like, I want to see the books.
I want to see them.
Last thing I want to see is this guy anywhere near my house.
So now I'm going to have to show this, I'm going to meet up with this guy.
Like give me an offer on the book. Give me an offer. He wouldn't give me an offer. Like I'm not he's like
Let me see him and I'll give you an offer. No
Meet up with this guy who finally I'll go meet up with him. He'll go. You know $15
And they'll start getting weird in front of me
So you throw an offer out
So I might not be here next week
I might be in the Hudson
All because I tried to unload some promo books, freebies.
Should we get back to the awards?
The award for Best Show, I'm sorry, the award for Best Best Show Recapper.
The nominees are Omar I think that's it nominees are Omar and the winner is it's Omar get
up here Omar you win Omar I don't know if Omar has ever called maybe this will be the
first call. Come on Omar, do the right thing. Call up and get your award. You
don't all might get in it. Although since he never called anyone could call
right now go, yeah it's me Omar. Let me on. Yeah. He'll be, I hope Larry the
Purves listening. His time's coming. He'll be sitting out there in his tucks.
Come on Omar, call up 201-209-9368.
I also want to thank the people who have helped make this award show go so smoothly.
I will be giving out an award later to honor them, but I want to thank them right now.
of Sparks, Dorvid, the aforementioned Omar, crime stick, and I know I'm forgetting,
can you think of anybody I'm forgetting? Anyone? I don't know if, you know, we'll
just say we'll thank the people from the Friends of Tom Board who helped out from
From that point, so many people helped on the thread over at FriendsOfTom.com.
Is this Omar?
FMU, you're on the air.
Tom?
Yes.
Omar.
Is Omar?
It is.
Really?
Why don't I believe you?
I heard that.
I know that's you.
The laugh got you?
laugh got me yes I know your laugh how are you tonight I'm good how about you
I'm doing alright thanks for the award congratulations yeah the competition was
a bit intense but I pulled through you did you know what though no one wants
to even mess with you you drove off the competition think that's it yeah you're
like it's like there will be blood no one's gonna no one's gonna cross your
path drainage it's like drainage yes you right you're recap I'm all the way
over here you drain other people's recaps I think so I've got I've got the
bowling pins just in case Mike doesn't like that scene now now seems like it's
kind of seen
you think you think he'd be like
movie was kind of
depressing and then it ended in a hilarious fashion
p.t.a. crossed the line for mike
took it too far
he did take it too far and you know if you went too far for mike
look out
yeah well
mike does have his limits we've established that
yes what are mike's limits with uh...
with as far as uh... his uh... cinema
it's his cinematic uh...
the things that he finds funny
i don't know i guess it's a fine line
and i think maybe it's domestic cinema the frozen
i think so he just doesn't like americans
the germans he's okay with but
now all mar
do you have anything you want to say any and you're accepting speech
uh... anyone you want to thank
uh... i want to thank the uh...
the great x amount for uh...
establishing the uh... recidivism site
that uh... host the recap
that's right
people go to recidivism dot org to check that out
and uh...
i guess all the uh... the f o t who have endured the uh...
ten thousand word
prose-based recaps of of the show
endured
the privilege
and i know i don't think i know to privilege
for these guys to get a get access to those recaps
it's like it's its own show
it's own thing yes
Now Omar, why don't you ever call in? Why is this such a rarity?
I think I like to maintain some sense of mystery.
You're like that guy,
what's his name, a Cormac McCartney?
McCartney?
McCartney, yes.
Yes.
No country for old man author.
By the way,
I didn't want to mention this on the air, but I'm going to.
I noticed the other day, when I was doing something I do often, which is goof around on the internet,
available for purchase, the following domain names.
No country for older men.com.
No country for young men.com.
So if there's ever going to be a prequel, for example,
I got to buy it.
What am I doing here?
I know some entrepreneur, some young entrepreneur is going to snap it up.
No country for young men.
You've got to get on that.
Don't buy it, anybody, that's mine.
You know what else is available?
There will be blood2.com.
So if they ever do a sequel, which is likely, which is very likely.
I think you pick it up in the 80s.
then you just do like a boogie night
that could have been the sequel
maybe it is
yes exactly if you think about it i wonder in his movies
there is a dirt digler
plane blue plane view parallel
there is
i think so
i wonder if it's the same world
like is he like kevin smith where he has his universe
the pt averse
yeah the pt averse
He would call it the Goulardi verse, right?
Louis Guzman, the anchor.
Well he was not in there, will be blood.
True, true.
Omar, I want to take this opportunity to right now in front of everybody to say you are a
highlight of this show and you're one of the few reasons why I still do it.
reasons keep falling off the list like leaves in the autumn. But you, you're an
evergreen. You are an evergreen. Thank you. That's how you give a speech. Thank you
all, Mark. You're welcome. Congratulations. Thanks.
Hmm
Here you go as a gentleman
We've given out three awards so far
Should we hear more gomps Mike let's go back to the best gomp category because there are so many entries in it
That I don't want to short-change
change any of the nominees. I want to hear them all. Coming up next, that's right. He's
already a winner tonight. He won most delusional caller, Clark. Here is his contribution to
the best comp comp the best comp award
nominee
clerk
you look at it you look at a server
you know that has all but the stations on it
and look at the listener count
i don't know how to go down this road again i've been down this road
i don't know i don't want uh...
that's gonna uh... uh... it's gonna bring a microphone down to the station
in a cooler
uh... your band
Seriously you're banned for one year. Call after that year, okay?
See you in 2008. Get off my pound!
That sounds like a psycho.
I'm gonna regret it. Every time I talk, every time I talk to a guy like that, I entertain him.
They take advantage and they hurt me.
Alright, maybe that one's on me a little bit.
Clark, the nominee. Up next, a young man from Staten Island called in January 16th with
this intriguing call, which led to a very intriguing gump.
Who would you like to tell to dial it down a notch?
I wanted I was calling to dial it down, honestly, to Mazlums.
Who?
Mazlums?
Because, you know, after the Polsadhan was saying thing, and I was reading for a-
A Muslim?
Oh, you're telling Muslims to dial it down a notch?
Yeah.
Yeah, Mazlums.
Okay.
So, yeah, the Polsadhan was saying a thing.
And also, I was reading today that-
I mean, that thing where they killed him?
Well, yeah, what other thing?
But I was reading today that Muslims are boycotting Northwest Airlines because of racial profiling.
And I mean, I come on guys, it's 2006, or sorry, 2007.
Yes.
But I mean, what, you know, come on.
And then they're upset because we, you know, because we have fascinated, as I was saying,
on a holiday.
I mean, you're right, it's a holiday.
He's gone.
Come on.
We did her job.
So, you know, I mean, come on, Mobham.
I'm going to lose inside of what you're getting at here, buddy.
You got it?
This one's a little loose.
You know, you know, you're a teacher.
I know that I don't want to.
I'm getting my red pen out on this call.
I'm going to circle a few things.
OK, tighten it up.
Oh, just imagine this.
You're getting your this call handed back to you.
What do you mean?
Could be shorter, tighten it up.
What's the order?
Get off my phone.
Now that's written in red ink, on the top of the paper.
Get off my phone, except phone is spelled with an F,
because that's what you get on that call.
An F.
That's right.
Young man, Stan from Staten Island.
His crypto-racist,
anti-Muslim rant,
where he was trying to tell people
during the segment, dial it down.
Now, if you'll remember, I suffered through a kidney stone in 2007, and I returned to
the air to be greeted with this call.
i believe this young man young man's name is shawn
and he is nominee number one two three four five six
in the best comp
awards here on the best show on w f m u let's take a listen
w f m u you're on the air
i don't
i was this
my name is shawn
shawn how you don't tonight
good how are you talking
uh... doing okay
you don't want to go
I've been sick for a few weeks and yeah, I'm not sure if it's time for you to come back on the area
What's that?
I'm not sure if it's time for you to come back on the area. Why's that?
You you you don't sound like
You're at hundred percent
Don't sound like I'm a hundred percent. Oh, I'm yeah in a week and state. So you don't think I should have come back this week
No, I think and your health
also comes with is more important than anything else
yeah my phone
how dare you
i'm going to tell me i'm not ready come back yet
i'm back
i'm back
that's going back
that's right a very stirring
call that guy trust me that guy ain't winning it's concerned about my health I
appreciate it we will do more nominees and a little bit here on the best show
and WFMU best show awards category is coming up rookie of the year most
pathetic caller, best guest, best comp, most best slash most violent threat, best
caller, and best comp. 201-209-9368 is the number.
I should read the second half of that short story tonight, but I won't, but now I'm looking at these results coming in for the election. What?
AL, what state is AL? Alabama, that goes to Obama. AR, that's Arkansas.
Arkansas? That goes to Clinton. D.E. Delaware, right? Obama. Georgia, Obama. Illinois, Obama.
Then you go through this sweep right here. Massachusetts, Clinton. New York, Clinton.
New Jersey, Clinton. Oklahoma, Clinton. Tennessee, Clinton. Are these final results?
Are these declared? Are these projected winners?
What?
Then look at these, uh, the Republican nominees, Arkansas, Huckabee, no shock there.
Connecticut, McCain, Delaware, McCain, Illinois, McCain, Massachusetts, Romney.
Okay.
New Jersey, McCain, New York, McCain.
What are we looking at, Clinton McCain race?
Really?
That's what we're looking at?
I want no part of that.
New Jersey always goes for the Democrats.
Not like New York, not like New York.
Go look at New York.
Let's look at that list of mayors you guys have had.
All those awesome, oh wait, oh no, they're all
Republicans oh but the you finally got a democratic governor in come on New York
and by the way the Giants play New Jersey I'm taking that title that's ours
FM you're on the air you said the Giants play New Jersey yeah I did that's a
bold statement it's called they're called a New York Giants yeah do you know where
they play their games I do know where they play their games yeah I mean why
aren't you happy with the jets
the jets
uh... that's not why i'm calling i i i don't want to let's not go down this
road
i don't want to start i don't want to who is this first of all
this is josh josh where you're calling from
new york
josh from new york what can i do for you josh the republican
the republican the republican city as you say
uh... i'm i'm
i'm calling about the best
yes
uh... i haven't heard all i've heard all your nominee because i just from
the radio on okay
just got into my car we have not played all of them yet
although i did just here stand from Staten Island
you did hear that
i did hear that and i remember i remember when stand called in and because you
got my blood going
talking about the mausolems
well listen i think
politically correct terminology is is appropriate here and i don't
think they i don't think the mausole's would appreciate you calling them
muslims
That's just to get that straight.
That's all I wanted to do is get that straight.
Thank you, I appreciate that.
Okay, that's one thing.
But I do, I would like to go back to the best comp
about two years ago when you had the musical elitist on.
Do you remember his name?
You wanna go back any further?
Any further, you wanna go back?
Maybe go back 2002, should go back there.
We're focusing on 2007.
And that guy did not trust.
I did not trust that call at all.
Who's like, you want to hear his name?
That only leads me to believe one thing.
That creep James.
FMU, you're on the air.
No, this is that creep James.
I'm wearing my tuts for nothing.
So far, you're getting swept.
No, this is done on purpose.
I earn those titles and you're deprived of any of them.
The little creep.
There were things in that apartment.
a damp but it doesn't matter that frat house you live in
it's i don't i live in a nice apartment uh-huh in any way
those are my awards and i want them how about the james awards uh... worth
host you
worth callers a from noxville
yeah i got plenty of them worse to pay james
uh... worse
admitted that that to pay you where is is where where'd you buy that
the uh... trap shop
uh...
Why do you so mean? I want to see more awards.
Let's see, there's more awards coming up.
No, okay.
I love he wants an award.
How can he not win most pathetic collar that he just called?
He just did what Hal Holbrook is doing for best supporting actor.
But for the award, most pathetic collar.
i think that
uh... the judges might have to uh... look at the winner again on that
a guy calling up to lobby
for most pathetic caller
please give it to me please
and that guy i have met that guy
he is a handful
as sad as it gets
that weird uh... little to pay he wears
did
Are we really looking at now it's going to be a Clinton McCain?
Is it over tonight, Mike?
looks like Clinton one. Yeah. I did not get a call from Jack Nicholson. Was it
like a pre-recorded thing or was he actually calling you? Was Jack Nicholson
talking about hey it's Jack the bucket list Clint Nicholson you know I want to
do get up for the next award here this one's gonna take a this one's gonna take
a while, because this is one of the cornerstone awards we'll be giving out tonight.
This award is best slash most violent threat.
There are five nominees.
up a young man who called and uh was making his uh is a mayoral may you know
maneuveral torial I can't still can't say it declaration and naturally got to
threatening me during it let's take a listen to Tim Yvonne Trimble so I'm
excluded from whatever political vision you have. Yeah well not only that but my
first act as mayor. Yeah. Would be to put you through a stomping machine. A stomping
machine. Yeah. Why is everyone's first act? Something against me. Oh who else
has said that? I can't even remember one of the candidates was against me. Oh no I
thought I was going to be first to have you killed. Killed. Well you know well
Basically how the stomping machine works, you have to walk on your hands and knees for this
mile-long gauntlet of all the townspeople, and they each get to stomp you with their boots.
That's actually the first thing I'm going to do when I may or is to make sure everybody gets boots,
everybody but you. Everybody but me. Who are also some of the some who might not benefit from
you being mayor you're gross you're a little racist now you're a little creep
I don't like this well I'm gonna stop you you are yeah Timmy von Trimble nominee
Number one in the best violent threat aimed at Tom category here for the
best show awards nominee number two a young man named Brock called up and he
was talking about his he was talking all about his his his active heroism he
I believe he had thwarted a robbery and
I think we as the call went on we proceeded to realize he was not all there
Let us let's listen to nominee number two Brock
You should look out
What's that you should look out? I should look out for what?
Ray Ray told me it's gonna happen next
Who is Ray Ray the guy in the ski mask oh?
oh so that's it so your name is Brock but his name is Ray Ray and what did he
tell you well first of all when did he tell you this just now just now he said
there's a DJ who's being stalked by this creepy guy in a ski mask uh-huh and the
creepy guy won't ever be stopped
uh-huh until he skins the DJ
oh yeah
so he's there right now with you
sort of
do you see him?
uh-huh
you know where I see him?
where?
I'm in the bathroom
and you see him in the mirror
uh-huh
put your hand up to your face
uh-huh
what are you touching
anything covering your face
doesn't feel like it but it looks like it
did not in the mirror in the mirror it looks like it
are you touching a ski mask by any chance
now in your other hand what's in your other hand
phone
okay is that is a nice and then okay there it is
uh...
why do these guys find me
you know why why because
we like the nightlife baby
she says
you die
uh...
there we go
uh... a quote-unquote hero named brock
nominee number three for best most violent threat
the trivia master
kip peltner i believe his name was
he had a uh...
he made a call and naturally a turned
to this
jack web
cheaper going to get three tries
you embarrassed me like that on the shout network on my god i'm going to rip
out my razor came
well what's that
i'm going to rip out my razor cane if you embarrassed me like that on live
television
your razor cane
well what is a razor cane well i have a cane that i you know i i i
disciplined my students with
and what are you going to do with the cane
first of all i if you've got an answer on how i would hate you with it i would
slap you with it on your bare bottom you hit me with the cane i slapped you with
it i'd punch you in the face you would well then i would
flick the cane and uh... the blade would come out and i would slash you in the
face
what do you ask super villain
i'm super yes
a villain you know i leave that up to uh...
the lord
to the lord yeah
i don't like this at all
why i definitely why
well because you just said you slash me in the face
with a razor cane well
Do worse than that
What okay, here you go
Let you and I meet
The loading dock tomorrow morning. Yeah four four a.m. Yeah, uh-huh do Bible trivia
Bible trivia. Well, you'll definitely win. Oh, really? Uh-huh. Okay. I'm gonna make you eat the Bible and not in your mouth.
That's horrible. Well, get ready for it, okay. I don't like this at all. Oh, I love it. Oh gee, there's my mother <E.D.>
that was the weirdest call ever in the history of the program
i don't think there's ever been a call that weird
uh... creeped out
yes razer cane
yes tom you work with this guy
will you shut up
Weird, I'm telling myself to zip it.
That was Kip Polfner, the master of trivia,
with his razor cane.
The fourth nominee in the category,
the fourth nominee
is uh...
short and sweet
the one and only rolling gorgic the gorg
called
with this
menacing call
fm you you're on the air
get ready
what's that
I'm coming.
Who is?
You'll find out.
Who is this?
sooner than you would like.
I recognize this voice.
Who is this?
It's coming.
Who is it? Ready.
Who is this?
Who was that?
Yeah, who was that? It turned out it was Roland Gorchnik,
who made an appearance in the studio.
a few weeks later. And our final entry into the best violent threat, the
bassist slash entrepreneur for the group Kiss, Gene Simmons made a call on
November 13th and had this to say. And Tom? Yeah. As a second matter of fact? Mm-hmm.
When elected, you will be the first person to stuff the rest of my Gene Simmons Act
base.
I will be the first person to what?
For the rest of my Gene Simmons Act base.
Your Act base?
You're going to attack me with your Act base.
I should mention a small number of which are signed and still available on www.Gene Simmons
dot net.
I'm glad you got that plug in there on it.
Absolutely, yes.
Let me just say, Tom, this is that, it comes down to it, you'll be losing your head.
uh...
yet you're going to chop my head off
absolutely yes
with your with your acts base yet absolutely yes
all right well
get ready to get that will roll
what is the head will roll
yours
and there we go
the five nominees
for best violent threat
aimed at me
timmy von trimble
brock
puke
Kip Palfner, Roland the Gorchnick, and Gene Simmons.
And the winner is?
Wow, that's a shocker.
Kip Palfner is the winner.
Kip Palfner, the trivia expert.
If you're listening Kip, if you can give a call,
201-209-9368.
is this do we have kip paulfner
how are you doing
uh... if i'm you're on the air
hey kip congratulations thank you
on uh...
well i guess winning
you were the
you came up with the most violent threat to me this year
absolutely
i would do it again
you would do it again great really yes
well if you earned it and you deserve it
i deserve what to be slashed
by a razor cane
by the razor can there's only one
all ok by the razor can yes and you know where it is
at my side
that you need a cane to get around
not really
uh... while i was wondering will you walk around with it i was wondering how
that uh...
how that goes down
well you know i i kind of
it's kind of an affectation sort of you know i i kind of pretend that i need it
but it's basically for splashing
okay and flighting
sure
so you can i get as you will see
also as i will see and feel
so you will have still not removed this threat
all you just haven't followed through on it yet
it's coming
all right
here's a question for you sure
Theodore Roosevelt in what year was he awarded the Nobel Peace Prize I don't
know nineteen nineteen eighteen that's a joke isn't it is that a joke no I don't
don't know much. I'm bad with that stuff. It's 1906. Okay. So he, all right. You hear
that sound? No, I didn't. I'm sharpening something. What are you sharpening? The razor
cane? Yep. All right. Yeah. I'm greasing the springs too. The springs? Yeah, the springs
the kind of activated shooting out the razor.
Oh, so that's how, that's how you, uh,
is that how you do that? Then you get to jump on people.
Oh, you'll see. Yeah.
What, what did I do to you other than not know the answer to every trivia
question?
You disrespected trivia and you also disrespected trivia.
Who was what a trivia was again, the, the God of trivia.
Yes. Is the God of trivia.
Oh, I don't know what to tell you, uh, Kip.
I know what to tell you.
What?
Why a lot of gauze pads?
By a lot of gauze pads?
Yes.
Why, because you're coming for me?
Yes.
You know, when?
When?
I'm not going to tell you.
Oh, great.
Might be at work tomorrow.
Uh-huh.
When you come to smoke at the loading dock when I'm hosing it down?
Uh-huh.
You work at the, you're going to just show up at my loading dock.
Yeah.
You know what?
I don't know what to tell you.
They're then bringing it on.
It's coming.
All right.
I'm ready.
Question for you.
Yeah.
Who is Margaret Corbin?
Who?
What's that?
Margaret Corbin.
Margaret Corbin.
Was that the, was she in the Wizard of Oz?
Oh my god, what's your call screeners name Keith?
Mike.
Tell Mike to just slap you in the face right now.
Does Mike know who that is?
Mike, do you know?
No, Mike doesn't know either.
Oh geez, okay, the year 1779.
Margaret Corbin, first woman to be awarded
a disability pension by the U.S.L.
Okay, thank you, Kim.
Okay, well, get ready, because here it comes.
Oh, and there we go.
Wow.
Kip Paulfner.
Congratulations, I think.
Right. Yes, do we congratulate someone like that?
Okay. Just one second.
guess we're getting a phone call
coming in here
on two
fm you're on the air
yet hello it is the host
i'm sorry
this the host yes this is the host
and i wanted
i took umbrage to to the winner of your of your last little contest
okay and who is this
you serious
yeah i'm serious who is this how do you not know who i am
well because i don't know you
well i was one of the uh...
how do you say
one of the entrance
in your uh... in your little concert all over again
okay all right is this jean simmons
they might have again
jean simmons
jean simmons the what of what
jean simmons the
loser of the last award
oh son i i don't think you know what can of worms you've just you just opened
the most painful kind
uh... a painful can of worms absolutely yes you don't talk to me like that you
know why
uh-huh
because i talk to you like that
okay
you have a million dollars in your wallet right now
uh... i don't
i don't either
i had three million dollars in my wallet all
okay
great like me to open my wallet up and tell you what that what that what i've
got them
all this money from
got a merchandising deal
for sure
two point three million dollars the rest is just just teddy cash
so you have seven hundred thousand dollars of teddy cash
absolutely yes
and what would you spend that on
oh who knows you know i just walked on the street and
i look into a shop and i say i'll take it
Okay.
Shop.
You'll take the shop.
Absolutely.
Of course, it helps if there's a pretty woman behind the counter.
Mm-hmm.
Wow.
I'm sure, I'm sure you...
I would make laughter.
That's sort of the vibe with what I did.
Yeah, but I didn't...
I didn't know if you picked up on it or not.
Don't worry.
Don't worry.
I...
You're still in high school, so I know that...
I'm not still in high school.
What?
This is a high school radio station, yes?
This is not a high school radio station.
Why do you guys always say that?
Well, it sounds like it sounds like you are and also sounds like you're running your voice through some sort of
Modulator. I'm not running through a modulator either. I live like what I run mine through for God of Thunder
Okay, no, I don't you've got something about you. You've got something I need
What's it actually write that Paul wrote that or Paul song. I don't know what that is
When you operate a radio station yet, you don't know the first line of God of Thunder
by the band Kiss.
I didn't know it.
I don't recognize it as a spoken lyric.
You've got something about you.
You've got something I need.
Daughter of, daughter of Aphrodite, hear my words and say, heed.
Okay.
I didn't realize that your lyrics could sound like poetry.
If you listened, you would know that I, they are not my lyrics.
i was there my lyrics actually part of that
well that's what you did say that
i'm sorry i wasn't clear on what you were talking about get the thing out of
your ears
okay
so i'm a little disappointed i didn't win i thought i thought i thought that
threat with an axe base would probably top that top all
i think the razor cane beat you out
well i'm going to
take his razor cane and i'm going to split it in half with my axe base
what is this uh... villain war or something
i'm not i'm a superhero
you're a superhero yes did you not be on the apprentice
i did see you on the apprentice i saw you got voted off
well there's a bad word behind there's a bad story behind that that i i i shall
not uh... breach
let's just say that i had i had a schedule i need to stick to
okay so you were only able to appear for a limited time
absolutely and would you not make my mark
uh... you did make your mark
uh... well you were you are much
missed on that show i stopped watching as soon as
you were fired
you know why you did
because you love me
not in a creepy way but you you kind of worship me
i don't worship you
you worship me i can i can hear it in your voice you hear it in trust me
i don't worship you
it's it's kind of a quiver of uh...
uh...
of reverence
it was that was that one of your dogs that's one of my dragon
a dragon that my dragon that sounded like a dog
that's a dragon
a dragon
yet it's a komodo dragon
a what
komono dragon that was a
okay
you don't it
that sounded like a dog
It's all right to own a dog, Gene.
Oh, dog.
I own dragons.
Okay.
They sound like dogs.
Sometimes when they get very excited, kind of like you when your voice modulates.
Okay.
When my voice modulates.
Yes.
Yes.
Okay.
Yeah.
Well, I want the award.
Mr. Simmons, you did not win the award.
I don't know what to tell you.
I'll buy it from you.
You'll buy the award?
Yes.
I'll sign the check for 2.5 mill over to you.
Okay.
Okay.
The winner of the award for Best Violent Threat, hold on, I want to drink it in.
I want to drink in the words.
Contingent on a $2.5 million payment?
Oh, contingent.
That's a big word.
Yes.
Contingent on a $2.5 million payday.
The winner of the Best Violent Threat Award is now Gene Simmons, the God of Thunder.
I love it.
I'll just breathe it in.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
I've got to attend to my dragons right now.
OK.
Well, thank you.
Dragons are good night.
You have a good night.
OK.
Ed will roll.
What?
Ed will roll.
Heads will roll.
Great.
Ed will roll.
Head.
Oh, head.
Mine?
Absolutely.
Assuming, yes.
OK.
Absolutely, yes.
Great.
You have a fantastic night.
And go take your dragons for a walk.
Could you have a fantastic night, too?
Thank you.
OK.
Have a fantastical night.
Thank you.
Hey, all your fantasies come true.
Thank you, Mr. Simmons.
OK, good night.
Good night.
Wow, that's a star studded.
And I just want to say, Gene Simmons, contingent on the payday
will be the winner of the Best Violent Threat Award.
Here on WFMU, East Orange WXHD Mount Hope,
World One on the World Wide Web at WFMU.org.
This is the Best Show on WFMU. We are doing our Best Show on WFMU Best Show Awards.
How many awards left? Rookie of the year.
Most pathetic caller.
Best guest.
Best gump.
Worst caller and best caller.
let's hear a few more
of the best comp
calls the nominees
he's already a one-time winner tonight
for saddest caller let's see
if he can uh... uh... pull out a second award
the one and only hash
would you be willing in more you know more frequently to be able to listen
live and then at the end of the show way in on you know break the show down
you know point-by-point let me know uh...
you give you give the ruling
i'll give a shot i mean you know i don't know
i don't know about all of my phone
i'm never gonna let you do that
you creep
you sucker
guy took the bait
you dope
yes
one of the all-time highlights
in the history of the best show the rope a dope
the next call is from a young man
who called
six months after a topic was brought up
he called up to participate in the topic which was uh... i was discussing
the paul weller
uh... jam
shows
that he had done back in january
and this guy called in
the month of let's see
he called in on uh...
june nineteen
to discuss a topic brought up in january
let's check his call out
but there are a lot of people i think
you know they were older so they weren't really
they can't take a deal about it so you didn't miss anything i guess
so you uh... so after that show
well you you what you left that show you weren't feeling very well and then i'm
assuming you went to uh...
to go get checked out by a doctor and then the doctor uh... put you in some sort
of cryogenic chamber for the last five months
and i just had to flow you know uh...
yeah
well you know
the only thing i gotta tell you uh... body there you uh... you uh... it's
June now. You're calling about it's show in January. Yeah, I was just curious if you
ever got to get behind the curve. Get off my phone. What is this VH1? I remember
the I remember January 2007. I do remember June 2007 when that exciting
call took place. That young man was right behind the curve. Five months off. The
the final. Should I do one more? Let's do one more. One more gump. This is the
celebrity gump, as you would call it, the host of the Sound of Young America. His
name's Jesse Thorne. He called in, showing that like Bob Dylan said, the
ladder of justice
has no top and no bottom
the celebrity podcaster is as susceptible to the gump
as a lowly hash
and this
is what happened
really appreciate it you know uh... what
last week on the show you were talking about uh... uh... somebody from a
special thing dot com stealing your drink
I noticed there was some speculation between me and that person
I like the clearer. What is this? I'm not a drink stealer. What is this? It's not
Some gossip magazine show. It's not okay
Radio show. I just don't want to be I don't want it off my phone God
Holy moly
I try to tell me what time it is, tell you what time it is.
Jesse Thorn, the America's Radio Sweetheart, was the best show's gomping victim back in
July of 2007.
Couple more gops to come up later in the show.
Let's give away another reward here on the best show.
Before we do that, let's go back to the Super Tuesday updates
and see what's going on.
So it looks like Obama's down for Kansas now, and Utah, all these eastern states went with Hillary there, Massachusetts, New York, New Jersey, very exciting.
California. Not up yet Mike. Pulse close in an hour out there. Would you try to jump
the gun? Calm down. Don't worry. It's coming soon. FMU you're on the air. Hi Tom. Hi
Hi, who's this?
This is Eric us from Baltimore.
Super-caller.
Super-caller.
How are you?
I'm good.
How are you?
This is a great show.
Oh, thank you.
Is it exciting?
It is.
It is.
I love it.
Are you ready for the best-caller category?
Oh, well, I don't believe I was in the best-caller.
Will you have not heard the nominees yet?
No, you're right.
You're right.
You're right.
Yes.
I hope my nominee wins.
We will find out have there been any shocks tonight any anything surprised you
Um, I actually thought that Brock was going to win for best threat
Because you know, he also incorporated a car song into his threat. He did I thought that was pretty good
It was pretty impressive. He did to the tune of let's go by the cars
He he did a song called you die
he almost had me sing it along for a second but it was catchy but i thought
i attribute more to the cars not to brock yeah that's true that's true i felt
kind of bad for James but then i thought about it and he could win for you know
most pathetic call of 2008 even if he doesn't win tonight hmm well yeah I think
yeah he might have done a pretty good job of uh...
uh... of uh... securing that for next year
yeah exactly
just in case i mean i don't know who's going to win
i'm just saying he did a pretty he does
he did a pretty good job there uh...
pretty good job of of of explaining why he should win most pathetic caller
right
back
aware
politician or something are you ready for the next award
Best guest.
Yes.
Seth Galifenakis.
That's your nominee?
Yes.
Seth Galifenakis.
We'll see if he's nominated.
All right.
You stay tuned.
You keep listening.
I am.
Huh.
The nominees for Best Guest on WFMU.
We're going to listen to a little prepared segment created by the one and only Dorvid.
to highlight all the exciting guests who have come through in 2007 on the best
show let's check it out
I guess yes 2007 I guess 2007 Paul F. Tomkins no it can't be either one they
don't have super powers what kids just wearing a sweater well it doesn't do
He doesn't have turtle powers which at best would be defensive
You'd watch it I would watch either one
We are very open-minded with your own ideas
Ted Leo is here Teddy rock star
But he's baby, baby, she's got a baby that she had with rocks, man, radge
Suck in on a jelly donut at the deli, baby, baby, cross ball, bad
Jens Hanuman. Hello. Oh, thank you for coming in.
I remember Sonny Rollins had a saying. He says, there are many thrones and chairs in music.
We can all create them or we can all sit in them.
Mm-hmm, huh. Cheryl Crow said you have to get out of the studio
We never invited you and she said it in a way that I thought oh, I think she's being serious with me
Pat Nausewald is in the studio
When they go to the the Griffiths mat and they have the magic talking caramelles of wiggly dumb
And he turns whittishings against it. Let me finish. What in the DJ doesn't want a seven league belt in a helm of scene
This one all right this one doesn't
Perhaps you haven't seen my singing bag.
Does he have a singing bag?
I would imagine so.
I would imagine he does too.
The gorg.
Oh yeah, we were all hot and heavy for several months.
But then she dropped me like a hot chain.
What do you mean by throw and M80 right?
You know, you got to throw it so it bounces off the kids
chest the right way so it doesn't go too far away from them.
When it explodes.
Why would you? You can't throw in at it and like what happens to the kids he gets to hear a really loud bang
If it lands too far away, then he's deprived of the joy of a really loud bang
Anybody give me get his chest ripped open?
Probably no
Seth Galifianakis in studio. Oh David injured their their fingers too much with a macrame
You know and stuff in like get carpal punnel turn drum and stuff like that
Well, that's something you might want to think about for the for your quarterback
Maybe he he should go easy on the on the macrame
Well, you know what is funny about that. I was thinking about this
He has numbers number four so it doesn't have to do another number play a lot of weird you ever playing music anybody knows about
Um, yes, we play some some stuff
You know smash mouth
Wooah, that's Gess, 2007!
Wooah, that's Gess, 2007!
That's right, a little, uh, uh, look down memory lane
on some of the people who've come through the studio
and the nominees for Best Gess, 2007 are
Fred Armisen,
Seth
Gallifenakis, Zach Gallifenakis, Ted Leo, Patton Oswald, and Paul F.
Tomkins and the winner is good heavens
Ted Leo Ted Leo's the winner FM you're on the air what you won what's this I
hear you just won best guest I don't know if I can accept such an honor why
What did you hear? Was it a guest you had?
Of course I did.
You're right there. You played them.
I did, but you were in the studio with them.
But you want to know what you did?
What did I do?
Above and beyond.
How did I go above and beyond?
I appreciate it.
You wrote songs.
You did rock and roll dreams will come through.
You did that entertainment.
You came down during the marathon.
You helped raise money.
You came down here on Christmas night.
christmas night
mike wasn't here
they were mike was
what would like to use a turt's a cake goes
well i love my job and what can i say you did it
you did it cotty thanks this is i mean you know
i got it i didn't have anything pretty speech prepared
off the top of your head anyone you want to thank though anybody uh... come to
mind
oh good god well
of course i mean everybody in the friend tom message board
well they've been saying they keep me saying yes
now where they now uh...
what's your take on all this politics now
i think my predictions that there's going to be
uh...
a democrat and a republican in one of them
going to win the presidency because now i'm getting it a news flash here
if they are saying the california
california is going to fred thompson
uh... for the republicans
and for the democrats
it is going to don't can hunter who apparently registered
re-registered a democrat the last minute
that's interesting that very interesting
i wouldn't have predicted that personally but oh
did you hear how new jersey is gone yet it looks like it has gone to hillary
clinton
yes
so i think you're uh... doing backflips over there
uh...
uh... a different preference but i'm more than happy enough to accept that
you know what i was kind of bomb i went to vote today you know it's not on the
ballot this year
linden lorouche
quite often i know
if you still live
i don't know i'd vote for them though
but into that once when i was younger
outside the post office outside the post office
what is that about
can anyone set up shop outside the post office
because you see this thing it's like bush lies
bush blood on his hand you look at what's this
and realize it's like
is linden LaRouche
stuff
like oh okay
that's why you're
that's what that's why you're a little too uh... excited
out here post office
there was a crazy lady at the uh... bluefield city center this morning
uh... on a little bit like a regular scooter
with some interesting
hat with a veil and really
really um...
overly applied
bright red almost the point of
like a really unnatural color lipstick
uh... with like a ron paul sandwich board
now can you drive a razor scooter into a voting place if it has stickers on it
that's a good question i don't think you can
i don't want i don't think yeah
yeah i think i don't i don't think you would be able to go in bloomfield
they don't look at you know
i could have been i could have said i was anybody
they know who you are though
right this way mister leo
you're still voting to exactly
your little uh... your deluxe the rock and roll booth
i guess that this is an amazing honor time thank you best guest two thousand
seven
and seven
tough years makes it good make the real good you did it
pre-show work you've done
all uh... just a mirror right back at you
all right before this gets gross
i want to thank you ted leo
for being such a supporter of the best show on wf m u
all for the last year
the pleasure is mine
thank you and i think all the other awesome guests to absolutely
all right thank you ted
the winner there is
just walked away with best guest
the next category
rookie of the year
you've any thoughts about rookie of the year mike
like said he let's see if he's nominated
the nominees for rookie of the year this for uh... for people
new callers
the nominees are bony from georgia
eddie
and martin
from edison
those are the nominees who is this online one by the way
fm you you're on the air
Good-bye. Yeah. Oh wait, he didn't have that voice when he called you. What? I mean, he wasn't going, yes! Hello! I would like to call in!
Those are the nominees for Rookie of the Year.
And the award goes to out of this pile of ripped paper.
Eddie! You did it, Eddie. You did it. Well done, Eddie. Call up, 201-209-9368, one of the heroes of the show over the last year.
Those Super Bowl commercials, by the way,
am I the only one who was truly affected
by the dog training the horse
to win the competition the following year
with the Rocky music?
Am I a soft touch for being affected by that?
To pass down that one horse, Hank?
Then all of a sudden,
the rocky music kicks in and that uh... that dalmatian
dalmatian says that he's doing like the micky roll
that dalmatian uh...
got him in shape
they were at their train in the rain
the only thing i want to know that they had that horse pulling uh...
they had that horse pulling like uh... like uh... train like train cars
any humans around on this supervising it
i don't know what the dog said we could uh...
pull the strain car all the dog can talk either
no eddie huh
oh eddie
i don't want mike to have to work sept it
you know it's a fun uh... company is uh... that go daddy
with their their commercials
those are fun
go check out the Danica Patrick
thing over at go daddy dot com
now i might watch the uh...
most awesome super bowl ever
better right
keep watching uh...
incredibly exciting game
and the magic
of go genie
of course
with their commercials that
40 years from now will be shown, and people will go.
How racist were things back in 2008?
FM, you're on the air?
Hey, Tom.
Hey, who's this?
Eddie.
Eddie, you are a champion, Eddie.
Oh, I'm honored.
I want you to listen back, Eddie.
Okay.
We're going to go in the time machine now and see if you remember.
If you remember this, FMU, you're on the air.
Hey Tom.
Hey, who's this?
Eddie.
Eddie.
I'm a little nervous there, Eddie.
Yeah.
The worst is anyone who mentions their fantasy sports leagues.
Oh, that is the worst.
Yeah, I got a...
Oh, I've read you more so over the weekend, man.
Holy cow.
And they don't even care about the team that they like.
I know. That's the other thing. Yeah. What's your favorite team? Oh, the Giants. Well, what happened with them?
Oh, why not? Yeah, they lost, but I had 20 Ramos, you know.
Great.
Best call of the night. Yeah. And every sport. Hockey. You did it. Eddie. Eddie. You cracked the code.
Oh, you cracked the code. I'm honored. If this was make me laugh, you'd win.
I just laughed. I never laughed. These callers are terrible.
They never make me laugh. You just made me laugh more than once.
Eddie, do you remember that day?
I do. I did. That was great.
That was when you first won my heart.
And then you kept it up and now you are rewarded for that. You are Rookie of the Year.
It's quite an honor.
You did it. I knew you could do it. Anyone you want to thank?
Well, thank you Tom for you know having a great show. Thanks. Thank Mike. Want to thank Mike for letting you throw
Yeah, I like Mike Mike Mike Mike's a nice guy. Mike is a nice guy
Definitely I'm bored with feeding the Patriots yesterday. Yes, that was hilarious, right? Oh, yeah, yeah
Yeah, you had to love Belichick squirming off the field before time even ran out. Yeah
that monster yeah yeah like a blob does even have legs that guy
and amoeba with a bad haircut Eddie you did it again thank you thanks Tom you
have a good night you too guys top notch people don't get it this guy delivers
rookie of the year. Rookie of the year. Few awards left. We've got most pathetic
caller, worst caller, best gom and best caller. Let's hear our final entries in
the best gom category. If you remember back, he was a nominee for most
delusional caller, a young man calling from the state of Tennessee. He was a lawyer graduating
from school along with his girlfriend and they wanted to know about what kind of vacation
they should take. And this is what happened and this is our next entry in the best gomp
category
fm you you're on the air
eight on this is all going from national fantasy
all from national ten to see what can i do for you tonight all you have thirty
seconds
thirty seconds yes
and the reason i'm calling them is my girlfriend and i have been having a
not only an argument but a debate recently and we thought you'd be the right
party to settle it between you
rule uh... tell me more about this debate you're having
so basically the issue is uh... we're both law students we have one
your left school
and then we'll take the bar exam uh... late july 2008 and then traditionally
now about the clock
i want to hear more of of this debate you find yourself
another thirty seconds
thank you thank you
now uh... most of it now to take the bar exam go away on some
Some trip, it's not a bar trip, it could be like to an exotic place or any number of places.
But we have a big dispute over where we want to go.
I really want to go to South America because I feel like everyone goes to Europe.
We shouldn't be so ethnocentric and, you know, Western.
But then my girlfriend really wants to go to Spain and Greece and Portugal.
She doesn't have to go to this place.
So we thought you and your wisdom could tell us which trip to take.
You and your girlfriend both have what I like to call rich people's problems.
Who cares?
Get off my phone!
Rich jerks.
Future lawyers.
Look, there's good lawyers out there.
There's bad lawyers out there.
Not judging you because you're a lawyer.
Which vacation should we take?
South America or Europe?
What am I? Oh, cheaper. I don't know. Well, let's uh, let's figure this out. Well, maybe we should all go get a
patent paper. Let's write down the good points and bad points of both trips.
Okay. Well, if you go to Europe, obviously, you get r- r- r-
Who cares?
I call in during the first part of the show.
That's what happens when you call during it. You got 30 seconds
and then click Kaboom Bong.
That's right. Click
Kaboom Bong. Maybe that should be the slogan for 2008.
Click Kaboom Bong.
Now, this final entry in the best gump contest category is technically not a gump, but a
variant of a gump that I think a lot of you will be excited to hear.
By the way, it was sales genie, not go genie, I apologize.
Thank you for catching that on the board.
by the way let me check something here
fm you you're on the air
almost up
not a whole lot who's this
this is my defense night
mike from since and out of you tonight
i am good on the on this uh...
uh... there with jenny whatever it was i have to say
i was describing the commercial for my girlfriend today who missed the
uber bowl
and i could not even i couldn't even describe that commercial with the
pandas without feeling a racist myself who is that bad
was gross
it's like i i couldn't say without you know turn that wasn't a hard and and
feeling like i mean
put on my eyebrows and and just being you know a jerk
yeah yeah
like who pays two point seven million for that you know
exactly
i know as well as gross
yeah and and i don't know what their audience is it's horrible
bunch of racist salesman
that's what they are going around with racist leads
i think they they they killed it i think that the work in that wardrobe malfunction
that is ruined the spirit of the super bowl i wanted to get american i
didn't want to feel like a
i get nineteen fifties forty three american come on exactly exactly thank you
i think you're here you're a true you're a real patriot
i think so we do have a good night
fm you're on the air
yeah yeah i thought the way you handle that guy uh... was pretty amazing about
his trip
and uh... i just wanted to tell you that he probably should have gone to
That's on you, Mike. You said it first.
Was that him?
Yeah.
The only thing that makes me think it's not him is that it was a little more clever than usual,
and I didn't hear his weird toupee rustling in the background.
Seriously, you've got to see the toupee that this guy's got.
I couldn't believe it. They almost didn't want to let him in the
the record fair, they were going to say no pets.
The final entry into the Gump contest is this call that took place back on December 4th
of 2007.
And we were discussing the movie, I'm Not There.
if you remember this woman who technically is not going
but it falls in the uh... category of best gop
let's just check it out you'll see why
fm you're on the air
yet you know i think you're just such our great
i'm not even a huge bob dole and fan
at all but you don't say hi you don't say hi well hi hello i'm sorry uh...
to just put you up with you out there to say hello
well
geeze i mean we're going to get you ripen everybody to shreds what it what do you
care whether i say hello
because i'm a polite person
oh okay if i can have an opinion
uh... they can have an opinion okay i'm sorry you can have an opinion but i
just feel like you're being a provocateur sounds like you have an opinion
well i don't know how to have opinions
Um, of course, but I just think you're having an opinion. You have an opinion.
I dropped 950 on this thing.
You give me my money back. I can do my opinion.
Twice.
I went to see it twice. I went to see it in the Woodstock Film Festival.
I paid $20 for it there, and now I just went to see it the other day.
And I'm, I think I could see it again.
Oh, great. I'm glad you enjoyed it. I didn't.
You can't understand that. I didn't like it.
It's really not about who Bob Dylan is.
about who we think he is. I know that sort of archetype for us. But you don't think I couldn't
figure that out? Well obviously it didn't mean anything to you. No obviously I didn't enjoy it.
I just didn't like it. Okay well tell me why. I just talked about it for 35 minutes. I think
that was before I tuned in. So wait a minute you're gonna now you're gonna get on me I just
talked about the movie and you didn't hear me talk about it right that's right
she was not gone she was ghosted and that's right thank you that was the
night I was trying to be positive we see how that went
That was the final nominee for Best Gump.
Let's give another award out now.
Most pathetic caller.
And the nominees are Clark, Hesh, James, and Spike.
The winner is Spike, Spike, you're a winner and of course accepting for Spike because
it's after 8.25 will be Mike.
Do you want to accept on, do you have anything to say for Spike, Mike, do you want to come
in here and say it. Mike is accepting on behalf of Spike. There we go. We're not taking calls
that's just quite an honor I guess okay a spike who do you think spike would
want to thank the Orioles Del Vikings yes I can't I can remember all of the
chunky walk groups chucky some of this soap opera stores yeah Jenny from the
bedroom jenny from the bedroom snoop snoop kitty cat and win Samuels that's
right I forgot about how could I forget Lynn Samuels on that what do you think
of these nominees so far Mike these awards some has been a great show really
enjoying it this is a spike what if that spike is it possible was he got up
early he actually wouldn't or maybe he's staying up just to hear his name call
see if you're you're on the air what you're on the air
that's not spike so uh do you think even listen to the podcast or oh kidding the
archive never well maybe we'll get him to listen to that he won an award yes and
whether if he would thank seance seance which is Beyonce and his only a couple
No more awards left, the Biggies are coming up.
Worst caller, best gump, and best caller.
Is my protege Larry, the perv nominated in any of those categories?
You want to know it, why don't you stay here for a moment as I announce worst caller.
FM you, you're on the air.
Boba Bowie!
Boba Bowie.
Boba Bowie.
a classic
the nominees for worse caller
james
hash
jesse thorne
from the sound of young america
Fred from Queens
well see did he make it into 2007 I can remember it was a part of the news
okay and Larry the perv
my man
that's your guy
those are the nominees
I'm glad he was nominated for something
I'm sure he's up this is his hour
I don't think he's ever called
before ten thirty you know I'll give the award to Larry the perv
if he calls in the next two minutes
do you hear that larry
kitty kitty can you check the calls and see check the clothes i don't want that
bob a buoy guy calling back
i might give it to uh... larry the purview if he calls in the next ninety
seconds
that's right james
jesse thorne
hash
fret from queens
and Larry the Purve.
Worst caller.
It's like a Ray, it's like a call-in contest.
See what kind of listener Larry the Purve is.
I'd add Tom.
I'm sure this is him.
It's not him. It's very exciting, though.
Oh, I forgot one more nominee for that category.
I looked at it here and I think Spike. Spike is nominated.
20 seconds, no, he's going to be so crushed. Who's online too?
Let me hear this slogan. FMU, you're on the air. Hey Tom. Hey, who's this? This is Phillip
in Salt Lake City.
Phillip in Salt Lake City, how are you tonight?
Good, how are you doing Tom?
Doing okay.
I've been talking to Gumbo.
What?
My friends call me Gumbo.
Gumbo?
Like Philly Gumbo.
What can I do for you Gumbo?
I have a slogan I'd like to run by ya.
Yeah, accent on the slow on that, huh?
Go ahead, what is it?
I was looking in the wall, sorry.
okay
that's not two thousand eight
no ghouls allowed
that's not bad
no ghouls allowed
like help people call out yes but that people
i like it on your goal
thank you uh... thank you uh... gumbo
about that
no uh...
No Larry the perv.
The one night he's not at home listening to the show.
And the winner for Worst Caller in 2007 is...
Oh my god, Jesse Thorn, the host of the Sound of Young America
at maximumfun.org.
He is the winner. Jesse, if you are listening, please call up and accept your
award for the worst caller of 2007.
Jesse, if you're out there?
Hello?
201, 209, 9368.
That's the number.
Is this Jesse Thorne?
No.
Two awards left.
Best Gump and Best Caller for 2007.
The nominees for Best Gump are as follows.
Where's the CD with all the gomps?
There it is.
We'll listen to a section of each one so you remember.
Brian?
FMU, you're on the air.
been holding well guess what get off my phone I am like Don Rickles that one did
not make the cut the grindhouse call you hear the show right what's that you
hear my show you just listen to me junior you think this is funny show right
Yes, I love your show. You love my show. You think it's funny. Thank you for
saying that. You think I'm funny, right? Tom's funny. I don't know. No, you have
you have a wit, but I'm not sure I call you funny. Get off my phone. Oh, dare. I'm not
funny. Redeeming Rainbow. What is it again? Some rainbow reading thing or
something
it's over to me right by stupid
uh... yes
get off my phone
clark
you look at it you look at a
a server you know that has all about the stations on it
and look at the listener count
i don't know i don't want it to go down this road again i've been down this road
i don't know i don't want uh...
that's gonna uh... uh... it's gonna bring a microphone down to the station
in a cooler
uh... your band
seriously and for one year
all after that year okay
see you in two thousand eight
out
dial it down
stand from statin island
you know would you like to tell the dial it down a notch
well i i wanted i was calling to uh... to dial it down on a plate a
model
who
model
his you know after the poll for the same thing
and i was reading for a muslim are you're telling muslims to dial it down a
Not yeah, yeah, I love them. Okay. So yeah, the whole the dumb would be anything and also I was reading today
I mean that thing where they killed him?
Well, yeah
what other thing
By I was reading today. Yeah, that
Muslims are boycotting Northwest Airlines because of racial profiling. Yeah, and I mean I come on guys
It's 2006 or sorry 2007
Yes, but I mean what you know come on and then they're upset because we you know
Could be fascinated that I'm saying on a holiday. I mean you're right at the holiday. He's gone. Come on. We did our job
So, you know, I mean come on mom. I
Lose inside of what you're getting at here, buddy. You get it. This one's a little loose
You know you're a teacher
I'm getting my red pen out on this call I'm gonna circle a few things
Okay, tighten it up. Oh, there's imagine this you're getting your this call handed back to you
What do you mean could be shorter tighten it up? What's the point? Get off my phone?
Alright, that was a stand on Staten Island got Sean concerned about my health WFM you you're on the air
Hi Tom. Hi, who's this? My name is Sean. Sean, how are you doing tonight? Good, how are you Tom?
I'm doing okay. You don't sound too good. I've been sick for a few weeks and...
Yeah, I'm not sure if it's time for you to come back on the area. What's that?
I'm not sure if it's time for you to come back on the area. What's that?
You you you don't sound like you're at a hundred percent
Don't sound like I'm a hundred percent. Oh, I'm yeah in a week and state
So you don't think I should have come back this week. No, I think I'm and your health comes down
It's more important than anything else
There you that's right. I gotta tell me I'm not ready that was Sean
The classic coming up next, the rope-a-dope gump with hedge.
Would you be willing in more, you know, more frequently to be able to listen live and then
at the end of the show weigh in on, you know, break the show down, you know, point by point
and let me know.
You know, you give the ruling.
I'll give you a shot.
I'll give you a shot.
I mean, you know, I don't know.
I don't know.
Get off my phone.
I'm never going to let you do that.
I'm never gonna let you do that.
That was Hesh up next.
The Paul Weller fan calling six months after the, after the topic had been brought up.
But there are a lot of people I think, you know, you know, they were a little older so
they weren't really making that big a deal about it.
So you didn't miss anything I guess.
So after that show, you left that show, you weren't feeling very well, and I'm assuming
you went to go get checked out by a doctor and then the doctor put you in some sort of
cryogenic chamber for the last five months?
No, no, I just had the flu, you know.
Yeah, you know.
Thank you sir.
No other thing I got to tell you, buddy there, yeah, it's June now, you're calling
about a show in January.
Yeah, I was just curious if you ever got to get behind the curve. Get off my phone. What is this?
VH1 I remember the I remember January 2007
Who's that Mike?
Stan the teacher
Oh
We got a nominee a gump nominee online to here FM you you're on the air
Hey Tom.
How's it going?
Going all right.
How are you tonight?
I'm doing really well.
Then I was listening and then I heard my call and I thought it went for a while the
first time.
Are you honored?
I kind of am.
I'm kind of ashamed though.
I don't know if the kids will like it, you know.
How does this feel for you?
I mean once I won an award.
This is kind of like that.
what what now does anything with this award uh...
is are there any qualifiers with this award to make you upset or anything
upset uh... i mean i guess when you tell me that i didn't have down
i mean i think i have to take it to heart a little bit about how it ended
how it ended yeah i don't even remember it it just
it blew right by when it happened you know like how
it just i i was i was in a rage i was in a fury
I, when, when the call ended, I, I punch, I punch the door.
Really?
Yeah, it would, I just, but I wanna thank you though.
All right Stan, well let's see,
let's cross our fingers, we'll hope you win.
Yeah, yeah, and I just wanted to,
I was going to call to nominate you
for the best show on WFMU, I tell you.
No Stan, you're buttering me up a little bit.
Do you wanna win or do you not wanna win?
You're too nice, you're too nice.
I gotta say good night to you.
fm you you're on the air
hey tom it's jesse
jesse thorne
yeah
it is award-winner
you're an award-winner
yeah i heard i want an award what exactly was the award i want to know
worst caller of two thousand seven
that's a pretty mighty impressive award you've heard some of the calls have
gone down on the show
again i know i was in i was in on the podcast every week there are some
pretty bad calls
i'm i have to say i'm a little surprised to be selected for the honor
but you're nominated now for another category will best gone
of two thousand seven
it was a really good go
i want you to hang on the line
and listen i'm paying on the line for you and i want you to listen
to this
really appreciate it you know i'm going to show you were talking about uh...
uh... somebody from a special thing dot com stealing your drink
i noticed there was some speculation that's on it now that is between me and
uh... some gossip magazine show it's not okay radio show I just don't want to
be I don't want to get off my phone god holy moly I try to tell me what time it
is tell you what time it is
that is that bring back fond memories
uh... do you remember that that uh... that hot july night i don't know if i
would necessarily pick the word fun uh...
uh... it was uh... it was
it was a pretty intense experience i'll say that
and then you have your little beer your buddy uh... you know what you do a
quality show nobody's denying that you do the sound of young america
people can find out about over at maximum fun dot org
but you do this other thing which is a total uh...
that's jordan jeffico yeah it's a total that's a total second stringer
you know the the one show you have good guests on and you do interviews with
them
the other show
is you have this guy what's his name darrick ston
uh... jordan morris jordan morris yeah
i've said it before i'll say it again
you're not gonna you're not gonna fly
truly fly
until you get until you get rid of that uh... that dead weight
uh... you know honestly come by i disagree i think he's a
a talented guys up good friend of mine i'm i'm happy to have it i got plenty
friends you'll see him down here though
i got plenty of friends you stay on that you stay on the other side of the
radio friend
that's what i says
i guess well i mean i i don't know why could you just generally i don't know
whether i should be thanking you for the
award well is there anyone you want to thank
and like you're up on the podium now
picture that you're on the podium
okay
um...
gosh uh...
mostly you i guess
uh...
and my folks
there you go
um...
the one to raise me to be so
i guess
dollar to get
uh... you were told it was a fiery call
uh...
okay well then to be so fiery here you go
uh...
making me sad now you're making me feel like i did something i shouldn't have done
i mean you know i'm just i'm just doing the best i can tom and now
and you are you do a great job
thanks i appreciate it but i don't i listened to all of your shows
all of them
it's nice here
i've heard so many of your uh... your uh... podcast you were the one
if people want to give some credit
this is the guy who got the show podcasting
i pretty i appreciate you but i'm very happy that you were that you did it
well that was you that was you
so you got that going for you
and
you're an award winner
it's true that the first award i've won since i won a metro fan recruit goldie
award in like two thousand one
well now you're back in the award-winning business
admittedly this is maybe not one you want to uh...
you want to advance to the streets holding on to
i would be willing to display a certificate
if you offered me one i'm sorry there are no certificates
There's an award of the mind.
Oh, I feel good.
An award of the mind.
Now you hate me.
I can tell you hate me.
Tom, this isn't about us, it's just about me coming to terms with myself.
I don't vote on these things.
I'm ineligible to vote.
These are all the listeners voted, tens of thousands of them.
Does that make you feel better now?
Yeah, it does.
i i i cuz
you know i don't i didn't know what kind of relationship i had with your
audience but i i knew or at least
thought i knew that we were friends or we are that goes without saying
i like you
well that's good i mean i had one bad call as long as that's still the case Tom
you had one bad call in two thousand seven
you know what
you got it out of the way it's over
you did it
admittedly was the worst call of the year
out of thousands of calls
you managed it was like the perfect storm of calls
how do you do you think that i have it uh... do you think that he didn't go
forward into in two thousand and eight
i might be able to come
bring it back around or do you think it's uh... only gonna get worse this is
what i want you to do
i would ask you to do this
next week will you call
now call next week call next week i'd like you to put things to get back
together yes
was not going to speak there's nothing to put back together
you're a mere master talk show host
uh...
the sound of young america maximum fund dot org you know jordan i mean uh...
tom if you're about what they do if you want to do jordan jesse go with me
in jordan
really
jordan uh... can uh... can uh...
jordan not be there
can it be jordan gone jesse go
uh... what i'd rather have an area to the cost of the show
and i think it's our luck
I've made my point clear on this.
Your show, your solo thing, Top Shelf.
Jordan Jesse Go, could be Top Shelf.
I just think someone's gotta take the title
of that show to heart, at least half of it.
Two of the three words should apply to one of the people.
Jordan Go.
Okay, Tom, well, I mean, I'll take another environment.
That's the best I can offer you.
You wanna know what I can say?
You know timing on radio shows because you know I got to get one more award in here
This guy's the best Jesse Thorne
Everybody stay tuned. Oh boy. I don't want to do these awards anymore
Okay shows me the horror of it
I thought it was being honored to be the worst caller look at the come. Oh actually I looked at the company you're in
That's not very good company
So the winner for Best Gomp is, are you ready?
This is the winner.
Would you be willing, more frequently, to be able to listen live and then at the end
of the show, break the show down point by point and let me know, you give the ruling.
I'll give you a shot. I mean, you know, I mean
Get off my phone. I'm never gonna let you do that. You creep
You sucker
Guys look the bait you dope
Hash
You did it again hash
best gump hash
If you're out there hash call 201 209 9368
Oh Mike's uh Mike's developing other future worst callers of the year got to shake it
off look like I feel bad about that call with Jesse I'm not the one who made that call he
did he did don't put that on me now the nominees for best caller of 2007 are as follows.
Dave from Knoxville.
Erika from Baltimore.
John Junk.
Lori.
And Spike.
And the winner
for best caller of two thousand eight
is
everybody ready
the winner is
mike thoughts
again the nominees day from knocksville erica
john junk
Lori, paycheck, and spike.
Mike says Dave from Knoxville.
And Mike is.
Go to the envelope.
Find out.
You called it, Mike.
Now which one did you say again?
Who'd you say?
you said they are that's not right
the winner
well i know it's not laurie sorry
that was a mistake paycheck
paycheck
if you're out there paycheck
you call up when your award
best caller of two thousand seven
best caller of 2007. There it is and that is the end of the awards. Everybody happy?
Will I all won your awards? Paycheck. And Jesse Thorne is bumming me out there.
Jeepers, creepers.
thanks everybody for listening we will be back next week coming up next
nickel and dime radio a small change stay tuned do not do not leave that
that what well one minute one minute with them FM you're on the air Tom pay
check thank you so much you're the winner best caller of 2007 I am honored you
did it
i i think you know i want to i want to recount is that we have to say one of
you uh...
when the options are going to i'd demand a recount kind of jokingly right
no one says that when they get
only jokingly but you're serious you see you really want the award
right to go you get that y'all
uh... you know i you gotta say uh... you know i want to i want to have a
recount just kidding i'm going to go right into my speech yes
uh... congratulations you did you know why
what that would you do it's a combination
everything that's right. You're not you don't over call. You pick your spots. You
have a joke. You're on topic. You're funny and you get out. Well I will say thank
you and I'll get out. And you know what I say? People call every week. I'm not
saying don't call every week. But this guy is like a wizard. He knows just when
he should drop in. You did it. Congratulations. Thank you, Tom. Everybody, please stay tuned
here on WFMUE Sarns, WXHD, Man Hope World War One, World War One, WFMUE.org.
For nickel and dime radio, small change, we will be back next week.