The
S radio show ever. Hey, who's this?
Oh, well, I am by the trail of Governor Valatim.
Hi, it's, uh, Gerald from Hunter.
Tom Sharpling, Governor of Party.
Hey, Tom, it's Purple Sur.
Hey, Tom, it's Mark Michael.
This is Richard Card, Richard Card.
What's your name?
Baron.
Baron.
What's inside the two?
Firecrush.
Horrified.
Horrified.
Hey, Thomas Bruce.
Tommy!
Who's this?
Gingervitis.
Yes, they have Rick Velodia at the wall.
I guess it was.
I hate you.
It's Peter.
Hey, it's Steinberg.
Mm-hmm.
You are creepy and I'm hanging upon you.
Boing.
Roger Depp.
My name is Ollie Fairnock.
I'll say it.
You'll hear it.
You'll do it.
I'll get it.
You'll learn it.
I'll live with it.
And you'll die without it.
Smash or trash.
good day what's up Tom it's Tristan hey it's Michelle yeah Tom this is Jim
ripple how you doing when I get to do the toilet talk now the bar feel of the
new century my name is Tom Riley I'm calling from New Zealand hey man
it's bright ten dogs now that's ten pole is a ten pole show hey this is
Tedlia whoa this is Pete from the future hi Tom it's DJ Terry Chase hey from
Super Coler.
It's off to Tom.
My name is Mike Sajak.
Get off my phone.
I don't care.
Hey, this is it.
It depends, man.
I'm going to go to bed now.
Bye, friend.
Hey, Tom.
It's Gordon.
Hey, Gordon.
How are you?
I was in a band in the early 1990s.
My name is Jerry Page.
Tom, my name is Jeffrey Ludell.
It's a fat disease.
Wilder ragged neck, isn't it?
The disenfranchised.
Have a home now.
I'm the hero of the disenfranchised.
Hey, Tom.
Hey, Tom.
I'm tellin' you left me to the best show
I'm tellin' you left me to the best show
What Wide Is YourLabel Touchase?
Discionate
Discionate
Discionbright
I ain't seen a day where I've got to have people saying it now
I've got a knife
And this messy will feel me crazy
I don't think you should be so lazy
You think you've heard this before
We'll stick around, run and tell you more
Oh
Whoa.
Whoo!
Watch this like the other one
Say it's a good bit, brother, what if I write?
Oh, yeah!
You tell me that I told
And then I said I wrote and then I wrote
Yeah!
See if this is the way for most of me
But I just don't seem right to be a mess
Now this life
Some don't need an education
Don't give up or renews the invasion
Whoa
Say we need a revolution
This would be the only time you've heard
Yeah, yeah, yeah
I love you
We'll constantly break when you jump off it
But we can't keep people sitting on a fence
But walking around with the time of stroke
The ultimate horror of each single may be
Oh, definitely, maybe
On one hand I should
On the other one is a fire
Over, frozen guns drag on
When she, when she made me have it all
They want to waste time on that old sister
You can only turn on progress, baby
But you better just know it before it's too late
You may be
A definite baby
I'm born and I should
On the other one if I'm born
I'm born and I should
On the other one if I'm born
I'm born and I should
On the other one if I'm born
I'm born and I should
I've seen it on your face, tells me more than you own a good face, so now we both separate.
Never again, we do
Never again, nothing I can do
Like an image present by my love
My life in the mirror
I love your eyes, my love, my life
I can see it all so clearly
And some reasons seem to fear me
Was it every in my life
Like reflections of your life, my love
My life are the words you try to burn
I love my life, but I know I don't possess you
So go away, God bless you
You are still my moment, my life
Still my one and only
I watched you look away
Tell me, is it really so hard to say
All this has been my longest day
Sitting here close to you
Knowing that many we tonight we're through
Like an image passing by my love
My life in the mirror of your eyes
I can see it on some trees, and some leaves and seeds in trees.
Was it a dream, a lie?
Like reflections from your mind, my love, my life?
In my life, still my one and only
Well, I'm going to get together
Yeah, I'm going to make it all better
But I don't know how I'm going to
Cause I don't know what she's going to
What I know is not even being for me, cause she means
What she says, cause she says, what she means
What is the world like you don't even know me
Never mind this sort of thing is below me
But I don't know what I could do
Have you got another jump like a new fool?
And now I don't know if that's even meant for me
Because she means what she says
And she says what she thinks
What you say is that means me
What you say is that means
And you need what you say
And you say that means
What you say
Baby I don't think it's hard for me
I think this makes me feel like I'm gone, yeah
Maybe I'm just gonna throw them
There's an hour we started
Yeah, yeah, yeah
When every woman, whenever you need me I know that you're angry, you know that I'm sorry
But this situation, it's come back to longing With everything, with everything you want me
Ever you want me, ever you need me
Never you want me, ever you need me
Ever you want me
Come and drown and drown in Church
Come and drown in Church
You don't wanna be
This book is rather than green
We're in a region for the top show
There isn't any debate
My show!
Double your weapon
My show!
Double your weapon
My show!
Double your weapon
My show!
But that's how I know you're wearing it
But that's how I know you're wearing it
We have an agreement
When you're let back, come back, you
assets
We gotta do this
We gotta do it
We gotta do it
All right, show it to me.
All right, show it to me.
yeah
check check check yes
Best show. Hi, my name is Tom Sharpling. I'm the host of tonight's installment of the best show on WFM you
hold on
I'm the wrong show's already on shaky footing, it's already on shaky footing, let's get
it on solid ground now.
As I was saying, my name is Tom Sharpling, I'm the host of tonight's installment of the
Best Show on WFMU here on WFMU 3 Hours of Earth Music in Mayhem.
Brought to you by me, Tom Sharpling, and we have an exciting show planned for you tonight.
Special guests coming up in studio.
The one and only Paul F. Tompkins will be on hand.
That is coming up later in the program.
Let me tell you about the music we just heard.
Sloan. One of the finest. In all the land. We heard she says what she means. Taken from
the A sides win singles collection. Compiling their greatest hits from 1992 to
2005 before that ABBA from the ABBA box from the album arrival my love my life
told it we're gonna start getting the slow ones now I'm just gonna play the play
the the beat songs
all right just gonna play the fast ones gonna mix it up a little bit drop a
slowin' in there once in a while. Keep you on your toes.
Right Abba Box?
That's right, thank you.
Before Abba, we heard from the Volcano Suns from their farce album.
Their fourth full-length album, and their first for the SST record label, a definite maybe, and starting us off.
Prime Jersey Rock, Monster Magnet from their debut album, Spine of God. We heard
Sends a good man's brother
Come on best show come on best show
Two hours and 35 minutes left all that's left on tonight's installment
of the best show on WFMU.
How about that?
Now I'm ready.
I had my juice, geared up for this first phone call.
It's gonna be a good one, why is this gonna be a good one?
Oh boy, it's already over.
Slide this up, press that button, hit this, hit that.
WFMU, you're on the air.
Hello, Tom.
I knew it was you spike of course. How are you tonight spike?
A little cold a little cold. Yeah, I hate winter space heaters not working
The heat is working now put a little newspaper a little garbage can maybe light that on fire
hanging out around my with with the doo-wop and everything like you just like
gonna get your back get your back hanging out in front of a burning trash can
uh-huh I'm sure that's an interesting fantasy
trust me I have no fantasies about you fantasy yeah that's my fantasy now do
I called yeah, let's let's get right to it of course
Time for dilly dallying
Britney nonsense. Oh, yeah, you've had it with Britney Spears, huh? Yeah, you're fed up
Oh, she deserves to have a kid's taken away from her. Uh-huh full woman. Yeah
You know, I mean, I don't know anybody who sits their kid on that lap while they're driving
yeah i remember when she did that in two thousand five
it was a scandal
and for sure he's done eighty five things since then
you're still mad about
offense number two
let's see running over people with their car
running a hoot she run over
paparazzi
no well
rather than the paparazzi with some uh...
people crossing the street which you tried to run over the paparazzi
down and remember that at all i never heard that
the what do you know what's going on uh... for two thousand eight
make your list of new year's resolutions
what is it
get that pesky thing off your ankle
now right
what the judge to finally he's up on you know
what did you get your uh... parole officer for christmas
i don't have a part of the holidays
i don't have a p o
You don't?
No, I don't need one.
Okay.
You're a big boy now.
Judge is okay with you, right?
No, Judge Gee, it's always okay with me.
No, I'm just gonna let that one slide.
Are you, um, speaking, well, you know,
we should do on the show,
we should do our own judge segment with you as the judge.
Oh, that would be lovely.
Would you, would you do that?
Oh, of course.
we'd have to do it at 816 of every show because you you call in that's when you
call in and then you hang up apparently you have something to do at 830 every
week. Not always. Would you be willing to do that Spike? Of course. Where if like
two people had a dispute and they took it in front of you and you made your
ruling. Mm-hmm. Of course. Let's line that up. No, listen, you know, I watch Judge
Judy and Judge Joe Brown. I know how it works. Oh, so you know how the judicial
system works? So to speak, yeah. So basically you watch two TV programs. You
know how to do this. Well, I've been on Jerry's duty enough time. Yeah. You ever
get picked for her for a jury no almost they must always let you slide right
juror 12 come up here the boy in the two like you see like the you see the the
lawyers just a buzz when they see you walk to the front of the room no way as an
The next factor. Anything could happen with this wacko on a jury.
Hmm, say guilty.
All right, now he's not guilty.
It's like spinning a carnival wheel inside your head.
No, I know.
I've been on the fork now.
There's a question I want to ask.
Do you have more than one fork and knife in your apartment in the dungeon?
And there he goes.
I hit it because I hit the source bot.
I hit the sore spot.
Picture him going to bed, bath, and beyond.
I'd like one fork, and one knife, and two spoons.
One large, one tablespoon, one day's boot.
That was the sore spot.
I got him.
Hey, it's the second week he's hung up on me.
He just gets fed up at a point.
might be too hard on them. Mike, would you take a case in front of Spike? Like if
you had a dispute with a neighbor perhaps and then you plead your case
in front of Judge Spike, would you do that? And then you you know what happens
Because if you're found guilty though, you get sentenced probably to his dungeon, right?
I want you to check it out, someone's got to.
I would go do it but I know how to work the board, you don't.
I can't, you're not registered, you're not licensed by the FCC like I am to work this
equipment go get a license and then I'll go over there if you can run the board
according to the qualifications of the Federal Communications Commission I
will trust you with this board and I will go over to Astoria or wherever he
lives. I can't even remember. Did he say he lived in a story? Yeah. Man. No spike.
I'm not gonna let that guy derail me. Right? No? Do you want to slide the mic over?
Sure. Unless you want to just watch.
Okay, Paul F. Tomkins is in the studio. How are you doing? Hi audience. I'm good Tom. Hi. You're doing okay
I am doing okay. It's nice to see you. It's nice to see you as well. It's very exciting
I don't know this is very last minute and yes, it all came together. I happen to be here
Yeah, fresh off the plane
You flew
From California from San Francisco the city by the bay
That was that could you not get a ticket from Los Angeles or something you know no Tom?
You misunderstand I was in San Francisco already performing just try the Burbank airport
People talk about the Burbank Airport those people are right Burbank Airport is great
Burbank Airport is like a it's like a homemade airport
That security is so lax there. Well, that sounds fantastic. It really is
Why wouldn't I want to go to the airport with no security?
I guess the way to put it is security is realistic there.
Well security at LAX is limp.
I was picked for the random additional screening today from San Francisco at 6 in the morning.
It's a great feeling number one.
Number two.
yeah yeah yeah like right this way sir and I never had this happen before where
I had to go in the booth that shoots the air at you have you are you
familiar with this contraption sure this was at the airport this is at the
airport this was in the airport you weren't a contestant on double dare
well they did they did don't slime on my head and they did they don't have a
security measure and they made you sign a release yeah and one of the
Screaters was Zack and the other one was Cody
Yeah, they told me to step in this booth, uh-huh, and then they said and it's gonna. It's gonna shoot air at you
Oh, wait what what what what's gonna happen? It's it's perfectly safe. It doesn't shoot
It's nothing but air
And
You know, so I'm just telling you beforehand and you go in and it's like way if you go to the eye doctor
You have the glaucoma test. Uh-huh, which is terrifying by the way. Have you ever had that done? No, it's really
they shoot air into your eyeball
you know you like you have to rest your head on this thing and then they shoot
air right into your eyeball and
because you know it's going to happen uh-huh you get so tense and freaked out
uh... freak that about it now and i'm not getting it
done anytime soon take my advice never get your eyes checked
so i go in this booth and uh... it's it's it's like shoots air at me i guess that
the best way to describe it is
if you ever went on the indiana jones ride
at Disneyland or World when they want to simulate the the poison darts just
missing you okay it's like jets of air okay so it's like that that's kind of
fun it wasn't a fun it was hard then I had to sit I just sit on a chair while
two women went through my bags okay and did not really acknowledge me or talk
to me at all and it would hand me something when they were done with it
And then when they left, they said, okay, you're done.
They didn't say thank you or sorry or anything like that.
And it really, it made me feel like I was in trouble.
It really felt like I like,
cause you sit there and you watch them go through your stuff.
And it really is like you stole candy bars or something.
It is horrible.
I would just like any sense of authority.
Either people go two ways with it.
Either they bristle and they get indignant.
Or they get, like all of a sudden you become like a whimpering dog, like I will do anything
to please you master, you're right.
I do a little bit of both, where I get just indignant enough where I won't get into further
trouble.
You know, where I get a little bit passive aggressive, no can I go, thank you like that.
But not, I won't like say this is an outrage, right with your superior.
Yeah, yes, that is how a lot of people get with things and I just like it's like
usually don't
Usually you're messing with people who don't
Okay, and then look a job is a job everybody's got a job, but sometimes
people in certain jobs
They don't get a lot of chances to assert
Authority yes over and then if you're giving them a
A reason where you can fair it where they can fair and square say well
I just had to go I
Had to act like this for that guy and kind of rain him in because he was
He was starting to overheat. Yeah, he's I didn't like the look of him
He seemed yeah like he might try something yeah because you got to figure the people that work at those jobs
They're not happy to begin with right. It's not that's not a dream job for anybody
And who wants to who wants to work at the airport at six in the morning? Yeah at six in the morning. Yeah, so
So yeah, I think that they're they're on edge looking for people to to maybe have a problem
I like the airport though. Do you sure?
You like Newark Airport never been in Newark Airport. What?
That's a classic airport
Mike Newark Airport
Scale on one on one to ten
Eight. Wow. Is that a heartache? Who beats it, Mike?
It's a heartache. Who beats it?
Yeah, who's a nine?
New Orleans is nice. I think it's pronounced New Orleans.
That's a nice airport, really?
It's not busy. That's why Burbank is so good.
It's small, but it's not busy. It's like a hipster airport.
They're like a little like magazine shop. What is it like a book soup? Yeah, yeah as little things set up in there
Yeah, like there's a forever 21 in there by a tachin art books
Instead of like I'd like to just buy a copy of in style from Hudson news. No, we have a passion here
You can buy this German magazine
Thanks, here's your vice magazine. Yeah, but
You might just buy this for the plane.
Yeah.
I would walk off of any plane if I saw someone reading Vice on it.
You just walk off the plane?
Yeah.
I would leave.
Next flight.
You're making more trouble for yourself, I think.
It's just one person that's reading Vice magazine.
Could be troubled.
What if it was the pilot?
Well, if I saw the pilot, I would report.
If I saw the pilot walking through the airport with Vice magazine
or like wearing a Vice magazine tee shirt,
like if you went into the men's room and you saw him buttoning
is uniform up and then when you saw underneath was vice of vice t-shirt like
please what what flight are you doing today it's like I'm doing now LA I'm
doing Newark to LA okay great and where do I go back to the window like how do
I get on the next flight what if your pilot had one of those chin piercings
Where it's just coming out under his lower lip might fly with the he's a regular pilot. Yeah. Yeah about neck tattoo
Depends what it says
It's a paradise a
Pair of dice. Yeah, like he has neck tattoo like the guy on project Runway
Yes, exactly. I would not fly that fly. All right
what if
the pilot was wearing those sunglasses that Jesse the body of interior used to
wear the shutters I fly that flight all right what if the pilot was wearing a
pilot's uniform but little black shorts like Henry Rollins would not fly we
would have a lot but he's wearing a blazer and like the uniform shirt and
everything in a hat he'd be flying it'd be a little too intense I wouldn't trust
a guy like that like my friend Jeff said at one point we were flying together
And we're walking through the airport and you know
Is it continental that's like work hard fly right is that is that they're slogan probably I saw them fly them
So I don't recognize that one and he was walking. He's like they got that one backwards
I shouldn't be work hard fly ready said should be work right fly hard
like like
Like a great like we're just gonna fly hard. They're really intense about it. Yeah, like he wanted them to be intense about it
I didn't like that. Why would you want to be intense about it?
If he wants the Jeff wants the job done. Yeah, I'll get the job done
I don't think you got to get it done with intensity though. It's flying a plane
He wanted it done Rollins style in that airline if they had like Rollins air they would all wear
full uniforms with those shorts and
After they gave you the snack, then you would have to write in a diary what you ate
Yes, honey roasted peanuts
died coke. That is true in his most recent tour diary book. He did list everything he
ate and all his workout routines in a different font. It was done as if it was like it was
done like on a sloppy old typewriter like to replicate as if he's like clonking that
out in a you know is that more intense than a computer like an underwood typewriter is
that more oh yeah yeah what about a quill feather quill in a pot of ink less intense
it's weird but it makes that scratchy noise and then down the ark on that I wish that Rollins
would use a feather quill and I wish you would paint beauty marks on his face.
The employee powder.
Because the manual typewriter has got a certain romance to it.
Whether it's like as running around with the case.
Trying to get on the airplane.
This is all I need.
Lugging this 50 pound.
I just need this at a pack of camels.
on that paper throw.
You gotta admit though, it is less interesting
when somebody's like, like I sat down to write
and I was staring at my blank screen.
It's less interesting than the blank piece of paper.
Yes.
Like the blank piece of paper has something
that the, the blank, they opened up words.
Somehow the blank piece of paper
is more intimidating than the blank screen.
Yes.
The blank screen is plenty intimidating.
Yeah, but the blank piece of paper is really I think because it takes you back to school
I think so yeah, but it but it's the worst thing in the world to go back to school
Well, just school is the worst school is the absolute worst. Yeah, I think
The heavens every day yes that I'm no longer in school. Yeah
Because I was bad at school
Mm-hmm and school did not like me either. I was not good at school
It wasn't like oh, I'm bad at school, but like I'm getting stuff out of this
It was just like no it's a that was a two-way street school didn't want me there either
Nobody ever told you that you were smart, but you don't apply yourself and that you could be something great
No, I was just I'm pretty stupid. I am fully ready to admit and this actually is a good way to segue into our topic. Oh
This is how it happens sometimes
You know
Well a life lesson you think about things like I
Went to the the bookstore last night
Mm-hmm, and I'm going through the Barnes and Noble. It's Barnes and Noble not Barnes and Nobles right a lot of people
Well, it's more you yes, so I'm there
And I'm going through this store. Yeah
It happens once in a while when I'm in a bookstore
Let's start to have a
I'm gonna call it a panic attack, but I just started to feel the weight of all these things
That I have not read and that I am probably
just
Maybe not smart enough to have I should have read if I was smarter
But do you mean like classic literature?
That kind of thing yes or just that or things that it's just being well read or being
Smart I would say that I am more crafty than smart
Like you could get out of a trap. No problem. Exactly
More like bugged funny
My grammar is not so great, right? I have no reference point for any of these
Classics any of these touchstones. I'm supposed to know about right I get by I get by with my right over there
Yeah, I'm sorry. It's been a long day. It has been a long day. I feel bad cuz I'm trying not to do it now
I yawned everybody. I'm sorry
I I finally though and at the point in my life. I feel like I've reached a level of maturity where I stopped
lying about
Things and bluffing my way through a conversation, you know, but it's it's a struggle
I have to remind myself. I have to say no no don't don't pretend
You know what that person's talking about yeah, ask a question and then you will know what they're talking about
But too often my default responses right yeah, uh-huh. I know exactly what you're talking about
Yeah, I feel the same way and then something that that I can throw in that makes it seem like yes
I know like you're yeah, you're you're on board with yeah, that is the yeah, but it's just after a while. It's like
Just feel stupid. I know but but I think that people respect it more
If you say no, I haven't heard about that. Uh-huh. What is that? Uh-huh, you know, because it's but not when it seems like you're going wait
What's that?
Actually, I'm kind of doing that what what is that?
So the topic tonight, and it's actually written out here on paper
fall f-thompkins a celebrity guest in studio can vouch for
like, you know, you think about it. What are the things like that you don't know anything
about that you should know something about in life? Like, what are the things where you're
just completely, you just are at zero at it. And as an adult, you should have some level
of knowledge about it. And I think everybody has to have that blind spot. Yes. Because
not everybody is is is the complete person you know they being that super
educated person they're like what is the thing where you are just you draw a
complete zilch on in the meantime you think about that I will and you the FM
you listener 201-209-9368. FMU you're on the air. Well I guess I'll start it off
tonight. What about you know self-control? Self-control? Yeah. You have a problem with
self-control? I think we both know that I have that. What do you mean by that?
Thomas Ken Rogers Ken Rogers where do I know that name I know that right I'm an
author have you been on the show before I I've been on a couple times I think
yeah oh okay maybe once or twice yeah no more I think like four times you've
been on okay you're the guy who wrote the book that I read I mean I was back
in like April or May exactly yeah and then maybe maybe one or two times after
that no you've yeah you've probably been on you've been on one more time what's
that like one more time after that maybe no no you were on I know I've had a bad
one you're the guy for anybody who can't remember you wrote a book called five
steps to happiness exactly yeah incorporating your personal values into
the workplace
that's correct yeah yeah that was a bookie right i read it and
basically i read it at work
i liked it
and then i've tried to have you on as a guest
and every time you come on
you end up saying something
that i can't i have to
do a dump you off the air
because it's the filthiest
stuff i've ever heard in my life
Tom, can I, can I say something in my defense?
Sure.
Go ahead.
I know, I know I always call back and I apologize and I have an excuse for it.
Tough times, meritable troubles, you know, that sort of stuff.
And, um, I just want to say that I've got the problem right now.
Okay.
I've been spending a lot of time with my pastor, pastor Reynolds, and basically we've been
with him and his family his dear wife Sheila and their two kids whose names I
won't name that's that's I that's probably appreciated well it's Richie
and Sheila junior so oh so you just did mention them anyway well I know well
they're good kids anyway so you live with your pastor now exactly and my
pastor took me to a psychologist and basically I've been diagnosed with
tripolar situation. What is a tripolar? Have you heard of
bipolar? Yes, sure. Yeah, I've got tripolar situation.
situation. Okay. Yeah. Not okay. So. Things are tangled up in there. Mm hmm. Okay. So
basically that's that's my I don't want to say my excuse but that's what has led me to you know
those those kind of outbursts that I outbursts did when I was on your show. Yeah. Yeah. But I want
tell you that this healing process has led me to a whole new place and I have a
new book that I'm very excited about. Oh but before I get into the book I want
to tell your guest tonight. Yeah. That I saw him on Keith Overland last night.
Uh huh. And I thought he was very good. So he's very funny. I didn't quite like
like the political stuff but i thought he
he had a nice sort of uh... jovial sort of uh...
uh... thing
they call it a swab
roger beep is that what you call that
joe daviv yeah exactly
i think it means joy of life
i don't think so
but uh...
whatever that is i think he has it
no you don't think it that's what it means
yeah so guess
uh... well he is he stepped out for a moment we did what he's doing
i'm not sure
uh... okay sounds like something's going on and i don't know
uh... but i can't speak for him
do you think something's going on
i don't i don't think something's going on now
well you'll have to ask him when he gets back i'll be listening
but anyway i have a new book out and i think it it will be of of huge benefit
to anyone who has
the tripolar situation like i do
and uh... i just wanted to tell everybody that the book will be out in
about two months
it's it's uh... coming out on penguin
and uh...
i'd love for you to write this title down just so you have it too okay are you
ready
i'm ready
unbelievable
unbelievable
that is not the
that is not the name of his book
I hope it's not the name of his book that was filthy I've never oh my I can't
believe that that was maybe how many words was that three seven words I did
that was maybe if you strung together seven words I'm gonna say you could not
have strung together seven filthier words. That guy and his pastor? What was his
pastor's name? Rogers? No, his name's Rogers. Pastor Reynolds? Oh, poor. Wow,
Wow, that... I just don't know what to even think of that.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hello there, Tom and Paul.
Hi.
Hi.
How are you?
I'm very well, thanks. This is Brian and Ventura.
Brian in Ventura.
California.
Ventura, California?
Mm-hmm.
and how are things in Ventura, California?
I feel fine.
No, that's not what I asked.
How are things in Ventura, California, it is how you felt.
How are things?
I'm sorry, what?
How are things out in Ventura, California?
Things out in Ventura, California are great.
Good, good.
It's raining today.
Nice.
Yeah.
A little bit of rain, right?
Right.
All right, yeah, it's I'm wrong. Okay, so what can I do for you tonight Brian?
I'm calling to talk to you and Paul. Okay, hopefully I called him last week and
I was going to see Paul left pumpkins that I ended up seeing him. That's right. You were going to see him in concert
Right, right and where was where was that concert held?
at the UCB Junior. Yes, UCB Junior. Little UCB, right? Right, and I called last week
it was my first planned calling and a friend of mine who listened to the show
in another part of the country, yeah, wrote me a message and then he heard it
and that I sounded nervous and I'm so far off to a bad start but I did splash
some cold coke black on my face and I'm trying to get things together I gotta
say one thing Brian coke black they don't make coke black anymore that's
actually yeah what are you what they go it's like a rich guy move splash in
endangered species like that like coke black on your face I I about a year ago
So, bought a couple extra bottles and it's expensive because it's like $1.70 for eight
ounces of liquid.
Something like that, yeah.
I like that, but I have some extra bottles lying around, that's all.
So how was the show, the Paul F. Hopkins concert?
I liked it very much.
I really liked Paul F. Hopkins a lot.
You laugh I surely didn't
Who else perform that night
Nick Crow of the caveman show
Bob Odenkirk, okay, very good
Oh Tom Papa, who's that?
He is a comedian
I've seen him on TV before he announces the Giants games, right?
that could be the New York football Giants yeah that could be I'm not sure okay
yeah you're not thinking of Dennis Miller no I'm not thinking of Dennis
Miller oh okay what what what anything else I can do for you tonight yeah yeah
I had something for the topic sure oh let's hear it the topic being what
of the things that you're completely stupid about
and that you shouldn't be
well i'm pretty bad with
well sorry
my phone's cutting out
what's that
they get my phone with that again
no i could i was waiting to hear what your answer was
oh uh... i'm really bad with nutrition
nutrition
uh... i i should know a lot more about uh... feeding myself i'm really bad
about it
so like what what what what did you have for lunch today
uh... today i had a uh...
well i had a veggie sandwich
honest
and i'm not a vegetarian i just um...
lately i've been thinking a lot about it and i think that like maybe if i opt for
the veggie stuff i'm going to be better shaped
yeah that's not that's not always the case
what do you mean that's not always the case
well you know they with veggie sandwiches a lot of the time they end up
putting way more like extra cheese on your sandwich
and we tell them don't have any extra cheese on it
say no cheese
do these people if i may go
i'm sorry
i'm going to learn anyone
uh... brian is it
uh... when you go into this sandwich shopping or the veggie sandwich
do they turn their back on you to make the sandwich
uh... sort of that they are suspiciously look over the shoulder to see if you
can
see what they're doing
uh... honestly there's there's a really high deli counter that i can't see over
the many many behind us on a mistake
son action
pick up a thing which will work and yeah
i came back with a lot of cheese
and you uh... don't have fingers i'm assuming that can
pick cheese off of things
they take these sandwiches shut
are you eating them like it's a pirate ship
uh... you just the shuttle the lights off
to see stuff in the dark
uh...
i i do uh...
i do have fingers
i don't i don't
picked her mind my sandwich i maybe you should make it happen i don't think
you're in your inventory you can't disorder a nice salad for lunch
no see that that's the thing i i i i'm not good with uh...
okay i don't really i don't know i don't make that point uh... what i like
You are a you that is what you called up to say you were not good at yes
I was watching the Ellen show today you ever see that show
Yeah, and they had a guest on who has a book called eat this not that and it was like
It was like like double whopper with cheese
Or versus a Wendy's chicken frescada, which one is that they're both garbage
Exactly, but this one's only got 38 grams of fat. This one has 67 grams of fat
Her she bar with almonds her she bar without almonds, which is better to eat
Didn't I saw a little bit of that on my jet blue flight
And I just saw the teaser for that guess yeah, and he was pointing at a pile of bacon versus a pile of turkey bacon
Yeah, which one should you eat he was saying that the bacon was better for what you want, but I would have thought the opposite
I know I think I think he goes on thinking he's gonna shock people, but it's like you know what
You still there
Lost him and hung up on me. He's done with me
He never even asked me to sign it over here. That's me to sign his bond. No, that's right
I said he would you would have signed his bong wouldn't you if a guy brought a bong up to you at a show
I may I may I think you know what it did make me think hearing that made me think I got to have something ready to
Write on a bond should I ever be presented with one a sign uh-huh cuz I don't want to I don't want to just sign it
Yeah, endorse that it makes it look like makes it look like it's a
Criterion addition DVD like the way they put the director stamp on it
Oh, he signed this DVD.
Is this his model, a bomb?
Like it's a bat.
Is that written on there?
Is it printed on there for the factory?
Is that Ray's lettering?
I'm sorry I wasn't here for when the author addressed me.
What's that, Mike?
Oh, well, good heavens, let's make sure we...
F.M.U.
You're on the air.
Hello this is Brian again I'm sorry we got this connected but thank you for
taking my call no sweat yeah but that's all you called up to say thanks yeah
thanks FM you you're on the air wait no offense nice enough well what is
going on here good heavens how are you tonight sir any chance you could speak
any quieter
oh sorry i thought my phone is quite crappy
yeah you think so
well it's just talk about talk about does follow your mouth everywhere goes
what's your name sir
i'm kenny
kenny where you're calling from going from west called well
from west called well
yes and i'd like to thank you for the sticker and the uh... the card
who you're welcome
my pleasure people go to friends of tom dot com
sign up the adjoin the friends of tom
yeah it was cool i stuck it up my guitar case
What kind of guitar you got?
I've got a Gibson SG and I've got a ESP light bear.
Oh, what? What?
Oh, I fell asleep for a second, I'm sorry.
I'm teasing.
I asked you the question.
Is it sunburst?
No, no, it's like Angus Young's.
Tell me about the pickups.
The pickups are the, you know, it's a 61 reissue,
so it's got the original pickups on it.
Okay, and the neck?
The neck is, you know, glued in neck, you know, bolt on.
yes how about the headstock
well you actually have had some problems that stock uh...
piece of uh...
anyway
how much did it cost
well i got it on nineteen years ago
uh... one hundred fifty dollars
how much is it worth now
probably four hundred fifty dollars
so the same
yeah you know because i've got really use it a lot
i bet you it's worth more though because
guitars that are like
uh... that look played
yeah now
are actually worth money for people because
a lot of people kind of want to cut the line and make it look like they
just like me and this guitar i think we've done so much living
so much rockin
there's like this uh...
like uh...
like uh... one of the i think fender is the company
who uh... the joe strummer uh... yeah joe strummer has a date joe
they started making a guitar that replicates
guitar that joe strummer had which is just beat up and scratch yeah i've heard
about this too yes p at the same for a james headfield it's got like the same
scratches and stickers on it stickers his stickers on it what are what dumb
stickers does james headfield put on something it's probably it's probably
just like one garbage pail kids no no no we just got one sticker that says you
I'm stupid. Yeah, I'm sober. I'm yeah
Hey, tell your guess I used to work at the airport so he needs any insight on to a airport work
Hey this guy. Yeah, he used to work at the airport. Yeah, is he mad at me?
Speaking to each other line up the middle of the room putting tape and the middle of this call
What did you do at the airport? I actually work in the freight department
So I didn't deal with airport customers.
You dealt with their freight?
Yeah.
Like if somebody was shipping stuff?
Yep.
Well, not just, not luggage, you're talking about it.
No, no, I'm talking freight, yeah.
Oh, okay.
So that's really what I'm looking for.
No, but I'd go on to the,
I'd go down to the line, we'd call it,
and I'd walk around and look at all the people.
Hey, it's kind of a little creepy, do you know what I'm gonna say?
No, no, no, it's kind of, everyone's like,
so I did like, you know, they're going someplace
They're waiting to see someone, you know.
Oh, these ants, right?
They look like ants, don't they?
Yeah, they're like rats and a maze.
Yeah, just hustle and bustle, right?
Yeah.
What do you like?
Is this like Harry Lime?
He's like, ooh, a lot to the watcher.
He's forbidden to interfere.
Yeah, exactly.
Well, he could interfere and help if he wants.
Yes, but he won't do it.
He just sees all the possibilities.
I just sit back and watch, looking in.
Yeah, and I wonder why my suitcase didn't show up.
No, no, I wouldn't deal with suitcases.
Okay, what did you deal with?
The freight that went underneath the belly of the plane,
the actual commercial fleet.
This is going over my head.
Oh, sorry.
So do you have anything to do with the topic tonight?
Yeah, yeah, I'd like to say like,
what I need to know more about is just like
basic sports in general.
Cause when I go down to the bar on Friday night,
people be talking about names of people and this and that.
And I'll just be like, what are you talking about?
Which sport every sport
Like it's funny cuz I used to play you know like football baseball blah blah blah, but I don't care about like
Okay, people on the teams like nowadays. It's like I'll be like last weekend
I was in the bar and they're like oh, it's gonna be a Patriots in the Giants in the Green Bay
and I was like
Yeah, and I started talking to God. I'm like it's probably gonna be the Packers vs. The Patriots
Then they started retinling off all these names and games that happened like in the you know prior season
It's like I don't know what you're talking about
It's like if someone came up with a me and started talking about like amplifiers, right?
So we started talking about freight. Yeah. Well, not you. I didn't even know about that one
I started that <E.D.> you know, it's like you learn about your job because you have to yeah, true
but I
don't
If I'm you, you're on the air.
Hello.
Hello.
Hey, um...
Hey, I'm sorry.
What's the matter?
What?
What can I do for you?
What's your name, madam?
This is Julie.
Julie, where are you calling from?
Cincinnati.
Okay.
How are you tonight?
Very good.
How are you?
Doing okay.
You, uh...
How many drinks do you have, Julie?
Uh, four.
Uh, my dog spilled them, though.
So, really...
Oh, this is...
This is Julie who wanted your...
her dog to be a guest on your show, right?
Yes, I do want my eight Paula Tomkins. I was like trained to send him a message asking him to marry me
But I wasn't sincere, but uh
My spaces is my space. I just so dumb. What's the matter with that guy with what guy?
Paula Tomkins. That's me. What's the matter with me? Yeah, what's the matter with you, then?
We'll be clean Julie. What were you were trying you were asking me to to marry you? I?
I was going to but I mean I tried to too late though. Sorry. I didn't mean it
though. But there's something wrong with me. I'm going to slide things up
forward a little bit. Do you have anything with the topic tonight Julie?
Yeah what I wish I knew more about. Yeah. I celebrity gossip. You wish you knew
More celebrity gossip or less celebrity gossip more
More I don't know ways that we can find out about guys study
I get up in the morning and read at all these websites, but it's like no use. I never know as much as everybody else
Yeah
Like what what is your favorite celebrity story to follow?
well
Well now it's uh, you know this guy who died today, but I'm already tired of that
He's ledger. Yeah. Oh, you're already tired of that next. Well, yeah, it's been like three hours already and people are still talking about it. But it's already boring. Yeah.
Like which one has been your favorite over the last six months to follow? Overall, like I loved it when in a cold Smith diet. Yeah, that was a great senseless death.
It was awesome. It was like is it murder or what? Get off my phone. You ghoul?
This monster. It's already bored. It's poor guy. He dies. He's not even 30. It's horrible. It could not be more horrible. I'm bored. Next.
Only somebody exciting would die.
Oh
I'm truly shaking that off. I'm not doing that for effect. What do you want that went up my spine?
What do you think she drank a bottle of before she made that call rumpleons? That's my guess
Gold slogger
But yes
Yeah, now Mike's gonna get 80 calls now
Tell her next week she can call wants a show and
If she calls you more than once I'm telling you right now Julie if you bother Mike you can't get on next week
You had your call? It's pretty fair. It's pretty fair. We'll do it next week. That's fair.
FMU, you're on the air. Hi, this is John Junk. Hey, how are you? Good, how are you, Tom?
Doing okay. Let me just say one thing. This is WFMU East Orange WXHD amount. Hope worldwide
on the worldwide web at WFMU.org. Gee, this is the best show in WFMU here. My name's Tom Sharpling.
I'm your host for tonight's installment, and we're doing a topic we're talking about the things that you just say like I'm dumb
Right
Yeah, so what is it that you are dumb that you where you would make you John junk say I'm dumb
Well, there's I have this job that is kind of a maintenance element
I have to manage all these art studios and galleries. Yeah, you've called and you talked about it that one time that girl
said that horrible thing to you and she's like I'd be mad if I worked this
terrible job also right yeah I know this isn't what you wanted to do after
oh yeah did you slash her paintings I didn't know but she's gone now they
leave eventually that would drive me nuts for the rest of my life that's that
That person absolutely I get I get I get to occasionally write really mean-spirited like
You know mass flyers to unnamed students. That's about the best revenge I can get. That's all pretty lame
Don't worry about revenge. You got it. You got to move forward. Yeah, exactly. Yes
I'm carrying the water for all of us on this revenge thing
Let me hold the grudge for the world. You're like the equalizer, but you don't really do anything
you know they're doing a movie of the equalizer
they seriously are doing a movie of the equalizer is going to be in it
and email knock us is going to play the equalizer
for a movie i think i heard something about a movie not even the new if he was
the star of the new tv series i'd be like all right
i'll give that a chance
a motion picture
with that guy is the equalizer but uh... doing a british accent
took all
has he has he done a british accent before
in his show? Did he ever do one? I'm sure he has ended up with a British accent when
he's going bib, is he still on? No, it's not. It can't be, right? No, it's not. So,
young man, John Junk? Yes. What is the thing where it makes you say I'm dumb?
Well, I don't know, I don't really know anything about building stuff or fixing stuff. It kind
get away a lot of the time at my job but I mean there's a gigantic staff of
people who only fix things but I literally have no idea like I've never
you know you know fixed like drywall or you know I don't like tools I'm not
good with a power drill or anything I don't know anything about electricity
or how things work and it's just I just totally blank out like I don't know
the names of any tools or you know or even like different kinds of screws
And I'm just like asking the you know the students like so, you know, you need this kind of <E.D.>
that has the things on the side
It's that well, what about some basic that like like basically like can you?
fix a
Leaking
To toilet like if it's running. Yeah, can you fix that we mean like with a plunger?
No, no, no like in the tank if something's wrong like the after you flush it keeps it sounds like it's
running oh I can do that okay can you fix can you fix a what else is there door
they can you put one of those little door stoppers on for a door that keeps
hitting the wall sure no no you're not confident enough to like are you scared
of it though is there because there is a confidence element to it too yeah where
you know that if you take this thing and you start <E.D.> it into the wall
you're kind of making the you're making a move with it yeah well that's my
thing is like I can't yeah like there's some things I can do that with and
then other things like especially if someone's around like I'll get I'll get
I will get weirdly scared of the door or something and it'll be like oh I
think it this and then I'll just have to do it a hundred times like I can't
hang anything like straight you know without making like five holes in the
wall at once I was like you John junk and then I got myself a level one of
those projects the line on the wall yeah oh the project yeah it's great they're
great I highly recommend it I tried to use a small level without a laser and
some string like those are for pioneers right this is the future it's
actually the past those things with the levels with all the lasers are still
in the future, don't you think?
No, no, no, they are here.
You come to have your lasers.
We don't know yet, it's the future.
We're not there yet.
What has been depicted in movies?
I feel like lasers are still depicted in future movies.
Controlling the weather.
Probably molding the weather to serve your own needs.
As we saw in the movie, The Avengers.
Yes, that was Sean Connery.
His plan was his weather machine.
Your weather machine?
John, thank you so much for calling.
Thanks, Paul. You're always right the ship.
Thanks, I appreciate it.
FM, you're on the air.
Hey, Tom. Hey, Paul. How are you?
Good. Thank you.
What's your name, young man?
My name is Evan. I'm coming from Providence.
Yes.
How are you tonight?
I'm awesome. How are you guys doing?
Doing all right.
Good. I'm a little tired.
Understand.
Since you asked.
Yeah.
What are you going to do?
Go see.
Yeah, so I have one for the topic.
the thing I wish I knew more about was cars yeah yeah and I wouldn't even have
to worry about it but I inherited a car I got my dad's old car which is
definitely a convenience but I definitely don't know anything about it
and it it also just brings on all these other responsibilities like all of a
sudden you have to make sure you you know if the register it you have to get
the emissions inspection every so often and all these other things but but
More than that, it's going to the mechanic,
which is always, I just feel like they could just
say anything to me whenever there's a problem.
It's like, oh, your reverberator is off
or your saddle belt needs to be realigned
and I would just say, oh, here, just take my wallet
and whatever seems fair, I guess that's what I'll pay.
But you know, here's the thing, Evan,
there's two things you can take off of that list.
Okay. Because there's no such thing as those.
Even I know that.
Oh, okay.
Start, here's what you do.
Start making things up that a mechanic would say,
write them down, if they ever say them,
you know the guy's trying to rip you off
and don't leave that garage.
That's a good tip.
But do you know how to change a flat tire?
I think I could get it together to do that.
That's a good feeling if you can do that.
Yeah, yeah, I could do that.
I have a AAA card if that's not a problem, but just.
But if the car was overheating or something
and you had to pull over and open up the hood,
you would not know what to do next.
No, I wouldn't know where to pour the whatever liquid needed to be poured into what or anything like that
You would just look at the engine. Yeah, exactly and just and then just wait
Yeah, looking like a sad puppy on the side of the road. I know what that's fine. Yeah, that's fine
You can't do everything
As long as you can do some basic stuff you go into the garage you go and just don't act like act like you vaguely know what you're talking about
Yeah, try trying to outwit the mechanic is like trying to outwit the doctor, you know
unless you are one of them they're always going to have the upper hand
yeah and if you were one of them you wouldn't be there
so just look up a few like listen to maybe like the car talk thing on the
public radio for a little bit and get a few buzzwords down don't don't punish
yourself
yeah that that will you will outsmart yourself on that
what you should do you go
and you just you just be a straight shooter but you just ask questions
that's what those guys don't like those guys don't like questions right
Why is that?
Why is that?
What happens?
Yeah.
Why do I need to replace that?
You put him on the spot a little bit.
That's good.
That's good.
And then you note you tell him, when you're making this, you say, I'll call you right
back.
When he tells you what's wrong with your car, you say, I'll call you right back.
And then you call him back and say, yeah, go ahead and do it.
It makes it sound like you know something and that you might have a leg up on him.
And then he's like, oh, well, this guy, we probably can't just pull the wool over this
guy completely
that's that's very very helpful i think you very much you have a good night
you too thank you
fm you are on the air
hi tom hi paul hi who's this
this is brian not the guy in Ventura okay all right
what can i do for you brian from where where you call from brian
columbus ohio okay
i've got one for the topic i would love to hear it the topic being
things that you know just say I'm stupid I'm stupid yeah I would say it like
you don't get defeated it about politics you're stupid about politics
yeah you're from Ohio when you don't know how to vote well imagine that
somebody from Ohio's not sure who to vote for good heavens this is a great
job on the last two elections Ohio yeah it's not even that I vote for the
wrong person or that i don't vote it's just that i don't
i'm not able to keep up with it or i mean i'm able to but i just
i try to read the paper and listen to the news and i just get bored and i get
depressed when i read the news and i just
i don't do it and i should
i know i know too but especially now because it's it's
the this election is being
been covered for so long for so long
that you've heard
all the pluses and minuses of absolutely every candidate and
eleven months in advance yet they all sound great and they all sound terrible
you know
what i would say is don't get caught up in the minutia of it
you don't you don't have to that's
that's a game played by people who have to do that
and who have to perpetuate
twenty four-hour channels
yeah who do you think is the most attractive that's you vote for
right
and the answer is
Duncan Hunter the next presidency in the United States what what party is he
affiliated with the Republican Party really yes is he in office right now in
some capacity the congressman a senator you know I don't think so I think where
would I know him from well he's running for president I don't know Duncan Hunter
There is Duncan Hunter.
I don't either, but that should be no surprise.
Republican lawmaker Dun...
Oh, he...
What?
He dropped out two days ago.
Oh.
Well, there that goes.
There's always 2012.
There is 2012.
I actually would play a clip of him, like one of these YouTube things, but I gotta say
in all honesty, I can't guarantee that this guy doesn't curse on one of these things.
I know nothing about this guy might this guy might have a foul mouth
It says he's a lawmaker
Duncan hunter, let me see what he uh
latest poll there's like this everybody should go to go hunter oh eight dot com
That is the saddest sight i've ever seen
It just says the scrolling news on it is latest news and it says this thing scrolling upward that says today
we end this campaign dunking Hunter and then it says latest poll and then that
box it just says congressman hunter has dropped out of the race Fred Thompson
just dropped out oh no yes I know what are we gonna do what is it go hunter oh
eight yes you know that guys probably what Fred Thompson is probably just like
Yeah, I didn't burn any bridges here did I, you know, just be, he'll be back
playing some, uh, some stupid cop in a thing soon enough. Police Chief Rogers.
So irritating. He was running. What did he think?
He's bothering me. You guys insane. He is charming though and he was fun and he
would have been a cool president absolutely who wouldn't want to he seems
like the kind of guy I want to have a beer with which drives me nuts have a
beer like I like your first you know what you're never gonna have a beer with
any of these guys no so think about the people that you have beers with do you
want any of them to be president no my dumb friends yeah that's fun hanging out
with them. In picture of that guy with his finger on the button. Thanks for
calling. FMU you're on the air. Hey Tom it's John from Maplewood. John from
Maplewood 07040. You got it. Yes. Hello Paul. Hello. So about the topic? Yes. I
was reading the topic being. What's that? What is the topic? The topic is things
Does it make you feel stupid?
No, the topic is just say, I'm stupid.
I'm stupid.
There you go.
All right.
I was reading The Road by Cormac McCarthy.
Yeah.
And basically, it's this post-apocalyptic world,
this father watching after his kid.
And I realized I really have no survival skills whatsoever.
Like, if the stuff went down, I would be in deep, deep trouble.
like if cloverfield went down
yet that's right
i'd be one of those guys who is well i haven't seen it yet but assuming one of
those people who would be
off to within seconds you want to know what no you wouldn't you know why
why do you live in new jersey that monster had nothing to do with new jersey
were final another reason
yet another reason
by new jersey
beats new york
no monsters here
those planes that were flying from uh...
to bomb that thing, right?
Right.
Where were they flying from?
New Jersey.
That monster didn't make it over to New Jersey.
Did you see Cloverfield?
Yes.
And was it any good?
I liked it.
It was what it was supposed to be.
Right.
It's like you go into it.
It's like, oh, it's a monster movie shot on a camera.
It's like, and that's what it was.
kind of replicated some couple moments unsettled me with the uh... jarring
uh... i heard people getting physically ill yeah at the movies i think you
might have everybody you might have to look away once or twice to kind of
when they go downstairs that was getting me when they were running down
staircases but um...
couple moments and you had to sit way in back or it was very painful to watch
Who's that yeah? Oh, sorry the guy in the New Yorker. Okay. He said you have to sit in the back
Yeah, if you sit in the front, you're gonna get nauseous. Yeah, we did um, you know the thing with the movie like it
it brought what it was supposed to bring and
There were a couple things that I thought replicated 9-11 a little too much like when the thing hit downtown and there's people just running from it and the clouds of
and
the clouds of soot
just that's what that right you know they're clearly
replicating that
and at the end of the movie there's American flags all over the place
no I'm not going to talk about the ending of the movie
but it um
but it's a you know you see a monster they're running from a monster smashing buildings
so they delivered what they said they were going to unlike
Academy Award nominated Juno
I want to say right now. I'm not going to do an extended tirade about Juno
Like everybody thought I was going to I got the five emails today
Now correct me if I run these are friends of yours. These are all friends and they all talk that way. Yes
You've never met my friends. No, it's true. They don't know they didn't talk. They were people were saying hey
What do you think of that June? Oh, I'm not gonna you know, I'm not gonna go after it
You know what I'll you have to say on that topic. This is all I'm gonna say to those people
First of all, you know, it's gonna win best screenplay. It's just gonna yeah
And I say to you all you Juno
Even if you're a Juno lover or a Juno non-hater even
When it's 2010
And we are in year two of every awful Juno type comedy that now is polluting the
the the the multiplex when when you can't when you you can't do anything without
tripping over some cutesy unfunny comedy like a comedy that like wait where are
the laughs in this comedy like they're not there when when you when you've seen
the 10th of them and the 12th and the 15th don't come crying I warned you what
was gonna happen and it's gonna happen now because every studio is gonna be
like no we need to make a movie like that just like Mike was saying before the
show he's saying what Mike pointed a great point we are in year four of these
Lord of the Rings knockoffs still oh yeah yeah yeah whether it's the gold rings
Narnia yeah like that kind of thing the Golden Compass and every one of those
movies we are we are we are in the in the in the wake of those now I saw I
saw an ad for Golden Compass and one of the polar bears talks and Ian
McKellen's voice comes out and it was just so clear that we're still stuck
like you're saying in this Lord of the Rings movie world all those movies they
need to lose every cent that they made on Lord of the Rings for them to finally
realize it's over like they need to bankroll 20 of these horrible movies lose
their shirts on every one of them every cent that they cleaned up on with Lord
of the Rings until that's gone they won't learn their lesson thank you FM you
You're on the air hello. This is Paul. Hi, Paul. Where are you calling from?
Fort Wayne, Indiana. Fort Wayne, Indiana. What's that like?
Literally cold. Well, we call it. No, it's a tertiary market for Wayne, right?
Yes, I always tell people if the apocalypse ever comes, I'm gonna be glad I'm living in Fort Wayne because we get in 60 years after everyone else.
That's funny.
Have you ever played Fort Wayne, Indiana, Paul?
I never have.
I'm booked there in 60 years.
Hang in there, buddy.
He's on his way.
That's cool.
He's going to have to do a potato famine riff.
Which is 60 years old.
Which is 60 years old, we just got it.
you in Fort Wayne, Indiana, who comes through Fort Wayne to perform? Like who
do you? Virus tour. Oh, yeah. Open entity virus tour. You get that. You get like that.
What's that? I'm trying to think. I don't know too much of the art. What's the
last live show you saw? The last live show I saw was actually New York. In New York?
Yeah. Well, in your hometown, what is the last live show? Paul Dooley and Jack
clogman doing odd couple that i'd couple where it was women instead of
men
it's always great
when all women yeah i'd couple
i think we had soapy tucker
but that's the last person to make it through
yeah
pro belly
uh...
how whole brook come through do that uh... that mark twain show
oh hi did you see into the line i didn't see you all here
hello
how are you tonight
who was the first person to do that in a one-man show where they pretended
they didn't see
the audience i don't know
who would that have been a person i ripped off
because now everyone is
oh hello
what did you know what man show with james wet marty was doing hell hope
it was an evening with hell hope but it was james wetmore what
the devil you say
an evening with hellhole bro
you know the sad thing i have that written down as a joke
in my my little notebook yes
as i thought it was funny idea i was gonna say i was gonna go around doing
an evening with hellhole bro
you be a hellhole broke in person yes
this guy just one-up me
apparently you have a couple things in the future
there in uh... fort wane you did it all
this work
So what in Fort Wayne are you trying to deal with?
The Ragman?
The Ice Truck?
What are the things that drive you nuts?
The things that we're stupid about?
Yeah.
I've always wondered about watching the economic reports on TV.
OK.
Well, currency.
Yes.
You know, 50,000 yen, that's like $460.
and i always want to like who makes these decisions
like i read in the bobbly
you have to have like a million dollars in their money to buy a pop tart
or even to look at a picture of a pop-up so you mean just the ek the at the at the
the way that the dollar trades against other
and i don't know their currency
yeah and i'm one of those people you know they say
something i hear and i said oh that's good news and they say oh no pal that's
bad news
it's like when i hear the euro
goes up against the dollar on the news
and i think that they're going to buy our stuff and spent our their money here
and then some econics was on a no no that's bad news
you know what i mean
and i do that an economic reports all the time
with this currency situation
i just wonder who gets to decide all this time i know just for a while you're
going to be able to just say
yeah the dollars getting beat by every other currency
yeah so you'll be safe yeah
and we are off the gold standard whatever that was
uh... wait for our pocket
but we're all going to be we're all going to buy our mom money into a
balloon wait till right all good at it i think i i think i will be waiting
yeah well
by money into balloons and um...
yeah very very treasured
that'll be international currency is very treasured
an arrow is very treasured
opal thank you
thank you
FMU you're on the air
hello Tom, Paul, how are you?
Good, who's this?
Exciting personality
This is Joe from Seattle
How are things in Seattle tonight?
Mmm rainy, cold 60622
Say that one more time?
60622
Not even close
It has a 6 though?
Nope
No, 9, I'm sorry, 988102
Close, very close, 98117
I'm proud of you, man. That's champion skills right there. Thank you. So what can I do for you tonight, young man?
I'm stupid.
That's really embarrassing actually probably the most embarrassing one. I'm a little bit about music
Yeah, I like what kind of music you know all kinds of music. I've never really been hip to it
I mean, I like music I listen to music, but I don't know anything about it
what's the last uh... what's the last uh... record you bought
i think you're gonna go there
that in by records for a long time now i have got it
you know mp3's on the internet but uh...
it's a first record i bought it's pretty much one of the five that i've ever
bought really
what was that
sergeant couple only heart club okay
and we've made fun of it on the show before so yeah let's move a little bit
forward from that what uh... what's the last mp3 you downloaded
I'm actually bizarre from the caveman Geico commercial is that a Royksop the song is playing in the in the airport
Yeah, I know other people who do but bought that song because of that commercial
Yeah, I actually didn't I found it out elsewhere, but
Yeah
You want to know what now I like it you do a horrible taste in music
You're just like watching a caveman commercial. You're going like hey, I like that song
But I like good comedy Paul the number one. There you go. Yes
Isn't comedy like music really though when you think about it. Yeah, it's like word jazz
But it really is yeah, like what musician like I remember watching the Dave Chappelle
uh... block party movie where he was talking about
like any comedian
she check out uh...
the lonius monk
it's like just check the rhythms out of it
and like i listened to the lonius months of first of all sounds recorded on
the uh... on a cell phone
right
which means he was a head of his time
yeah no it was pretty self-diagnology but i think there were uh... i think it
was a
a uh... four million dollar studio he was in that sounds like
here this piano in the background i can barely hear it
and i could pick up nothing about uh...
the rhythms of comedy from it
no because uh... comedy is about talking
so why would you listen to some kind of the piano
and uh...
translate that to talking and look i like dave shapelle a whole lot
but now i suppose all of a sudden
i'm supposed to live this guy is also doing these uh... seven hour shows now
i'm supposed to listen to that guy talk about stuff
we're getting mad
that i brought this the guy said i brought this up last time
but i told him i'm very smart
so so it's a music what what would you like to uh... you want some cool
albums
yeah definitely i would like to be doing all right
You know nobody really turns me on to anything and then really you're talking
I know that was too too sensual
You know what it turns me on albums
Yeah, that was not cutting it even a little bit
FMU you're on the air
Hi gentlemen, how's it going?
Oh hello
Who is this?
This is Greg from Baltimore
Do you want to go to?
I know, I know you
How's it going?
It's going alright, how's your lady friend?
Oh she's great, you're quitting smoking.
You're both quitting?
Yeah.
How are you quitting?
Uh, the patch.
All right.
Whatever it takes.
Yeah, the patch is often except every night it's like a Jerry Bruckheimer movie kind of dream.
Oh, really?
I don't know if you've heard that, but yeah, nicotine patches give you really, uh,
lucid, um, you know, kind of narrative dream.
I have not heard that, but that's pretty neat.
Yeah, that's kind of cool.
Maybe I'll get the patch.
It's right now, if you're not already hooked on the katina.
I've had, I've had some movie dreams like that, which are very exciting.
Last one I had was one of those things where it was all night long,
where I actually woke up a couple of times and then went back to sleep right back into the dream.
Yep, exactly.
It was, it was, it was a world of zombies.
Right. But they didn't look all zombified.
They just looked like regular people.
And the only way you could tell there were zombies is when they looked at you
and they knew you were a zombie.
Okay, and then they would try to bite you. That's pretty good. It's a horrifying. Yeah, that's like
Invasion of the body snatchers. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, so it's like so what you're pitching me here is invasion of body snatchers crossed with dawn of the dead
Exactly. I like it. Exactly. Fast zombies who look just like us. I
Like fast zombies. I know fast zombies people were down on that whole thing. Mm-hmm. This is a faster age now
right that's right faster zombie yeah the zombies are just matching the times
I have friends who are who are zombie purists but I actually like the fast
zombies didn't have a problem with them yeah sure I mean it can move faster than
you can it's more scarier we can go on to the dead the the the movie don't of
the did you ever see that movie don't of the dead the remake what do you mean
the remake yeah well yeah i mean i i i dig zombie movies you know i've seen
that they made they remade that movie only it only came out like three years
ago you know yeah okay now we're talking about the same one okay that one you
are not going for it okay fair enough i did that for 25 minutes one time
that was glorious that was glorious those are my absolute favorite moments of this
entire show what's better than that so in that movie when that first zombie
took off after Sarah Polly running down the street like nobody's business
that's when you knew what was on mm-hmm you knew these zombies were this is
this was not a I would do dances around those zombies and everybody's like
goo they wear you down
those zombies where you like to see just
they never stop coming
the slow zombies
not scared to go to a field
well and run they're creepy i will give them that they're creepier than the
fast zombies but they're not scarier yeah
you know i would know it wouldn't know that they're creepy here
because i wouldn't be looking at them because it would run away from them
already
they'd already be uh...
eating my dust
Did any of you guys ever see a luteo full-key zombie, too?
Is that the one where the zombies come out of the ocean?
Well, it's got a scene in it where a zombie is fighting a shark over the
right to eat a topless woman.
I've heard about this.
I didn't know it was about the rights to eat a topless woman.
You know what I gotta say?
There's a little topless scuba diver, and then the zombie in a shark
show up on the scene at the same time, and it's on.
I draw a line on these zombie things too.
I'm not some zombie, it's not my favorite thing ever.
Zombies, you know what I mean?
You're not just gonna see anything
because it's got a zombie in it.
Yeah, I'm fine visiting the world
of discussing zombies every once in a while.
And for example, this conversation,
I've not talked about zombies in a long time,
but it's not like every week I'm analyzing zombies,
but some people are.
So are you gonna see Flight of the Living Dead on DVD
or Blu-ray?
Flight of the Living Dead?
I saw an ad for, yeah, I believe it's direct video.
Okay, no, I was like...
Zombie's on a plane.
Okay, that's actually pretty good.
Right?
I might see that.
I might see that.
I was curious about it.
Yeah.
Oh, damn.
We get that one guy who does the freight.
Put him down there.
He'll load a zombie onto the plane.
He didn't realize what he was doing.
So Greg.
i'm so stupid
i gotta say i uh... i don't know how to uh... make the drink to save my life
couldn't do it
and what like a screwdriver you can make one of those
you know really any any kind of deacon respectable
drink i mean i'm a drinker i'm i mean i love to drink can you can you make
drinks that have the ingredients in the name like gin and tonic like that kind
of thing
you know sort of
i mean they don't come out and you know great to make no matter what i do
You know, I could read a book or I could eyeball it and they just you know, it's like drinking coffee or something
It's just not not working out. Are you putting cough syrup in the strings? No, no, no, that's the problem
I just don't know I'm at the end of my rope with this thing and it's getting embarrassing
Shouldn't get that worked over by the way, I just got told like then you'd be a great bartender, and I'm like
Well, can you get in one of those books?
I you know, I could I could try that and I have tried that but it just doesn't seem to maybe I don't know
I've never had like great. It always seems to me to be too much trouble to go through and get all the
measuring devices like
shots and figures
Stuff I can't really get my head around all that. All right. I can't be good at everything
I don't like maybe you don't want to do it that badly
You have sound like you're talking yourself out of it
There's a lot of stuff you can do to get better at it.
You seem like it seems like a lot of trouble.
Yeah, getting the proper tools and everything to do.
Yeah, I think your mind might be made up.
Yes.
Yeah, just talk myself out of it, huh?
Oh, Greg.
You had a real breakthrough.
Thanks, Greg.
By the way, I realized why I thought of an evening
with Hal Holbrook, because it's from S.E.TV
from 25 years.
So that's why I said that's why.
That's why.
That's why.
I'm going to go through these fast FM you're on the air
Hi Tom. This is Sasha from Oklahoma. Sasha from Oklahoma. Yeah, did you hear last week's show at all Sasha?
No, I missed it. I need to go back and listen to the podcast people people were doing a thing where I was asking people questions
And they were saying what uh
They were giving answers just like like kind of just at quizzing audience members
And I was doing this thing I was asking people what is the state in America that you don't get that you don't understand
two people said Oklahoma how funny yeah I could see that why there's not it go
I'm sorry why though ok Oklahoma seems like I could figure that place out well
I mean I guess kind of their like sort of different identities depending on like
what generation you're talking about yeah but I don't know I mean I don't
understand Wyoming or or South Dakota or North Dakota I was thinking Wyoming
Yeah, I was thinking Wyoming because I was as you guys were talking and I'm like, yeah
Well, there's a lot of so many states and then I thought why only was the first one that came out
My like who's from there and how do they end up there and what happens there? Yeah, and I'll never go there never
I think of Matthew Shepard when I think of Wyoming and that's probably not a huge part of most Wyoming
residents identities. That's on the license plate. Oh
Great never again
how excellent. No, it's just watch out. Oh, oh. No, I'll stay in Oklahoma. Yes, stay in Oklahoma.
Stay. What part of Oklahoma? Norman Tulsa. Yeah, exactly. Norman. Yeah, Norman.
A lot of best show listeners in Norman. There are. We have the taste, I think. Look, I think I
might have to come to Oklahoma. That would be excellent. Wouldn't that be exciting if I made
an exciting tour through would you get me a meeting with Wayne Cohen? You heard
they retort came. Did he meet Wayne Cohen? Did he have an audience with Wayne
Cohen? Would you be able to procure? This is the things I would want if I went to
Oklahoma. Okay. Number one. Meeting with Wayne Cohen. Um maybe yeah I mean you're
like a big you're a big name. Yeah I mean I maybe I have friends of friends of
Okay.
Number two.
Okay.
One, all the Oklahoma people are going to have to put their heads together on these.
Number two, want to see the childhood home of Bill Hader?
I can work on that.
Number three.
Yeah.
Yes.
The James Garner statue.
Yeah, of course.
No problem.
No, I want it.
No, you want to leave with it.
Could I make you a replica?
Actually, I thought we could buy you a replica at the foundry.
Do they make replica I would I thought I'd have to give that statue. Yeah, they have them
It's like the James Garner and the his maverick outfit, right? Yeah. Yeah, it's not
Not in the Rockford files outfit as I let you leave
Do they make it around that time?
Oh, no, they made it last year. That's when you got a figure whatever old
Fossil who greenlit this statue was into
Right. Exactly. Was the character of Maverick from Oklahoma? What's that? Was the character
of Maverick from Oklahoma? I don't know. I mean I guess it looked that up. And you know
I can't look that up. No I'm telling her to look that up. I'm going to go up right now.
Would you? Not right now. But okay. But the next time I'm here in the studio. Sure no problem.
So what is the thing Sasha that you that you make you say I'm stupid? Well it was mentioned
a little bit earlier but I think I'm even more stupid about the economy, like stupid.
Like I've taken multiple classes on the economy and I literally don't understand how like more money makes more money, does that make sense?
I don't even think that makes sense.
Yeah, I don't like I don't understand how I'm like putting money back in taxpayers' pockets like I
Think it's maybe because I work in the public schools and so unless you're like raising money for education
I don't get any more money. So like if you give me more money to go spend I just
Have the same amount of money. I
Don't know. I just got distracted by I'm sorry by a text message. I apologize. Oh, oh, I'm like, okay
was it bad news good news I wish I could help you yes sir I understand well
we'll get your list of demands together and yes please work on it for my
exciting trip to Oklahoma it's gonna be fun to me fun tour to hear about it is
going to be exciting let me go I'm gonna go through these I have I'm gonna go
through these in four minutes what we calls a four minute FM you're on the
Oh hi, how's it going?
Going alright, what's your name?
My name's Daniel.
Daniel, where are you calling from?
From Chicago, it's Daniel.
Daniel, sorry about that, yes, I know you.
Hi.
I think I do.
How are you tonight?
Hi, Daniel.
How are you guys doing?
We're both good, I speak for both of us.
So what makes you say I'm stupid?
Oh, it's kind of similar to that whole economy thing,
but I guess it's a little different.
home ownership thing like you see commercials on on TV that say things
like refinance your home or like home equity loan I just have no idea what
any of that means well may I ask how old you are 27 27 yeah I have to know
about that quite yet. You still have a few years. Yeah. Yeah. You can be blissfully ever
really owning a home. And so I, I figure, you know, it might just have to be in the dark.
Don't you? I want you to dream big. Save some money and then you'll own a home. Yeah.
Don't be like me. What's that? Dreaming small sounds easier. Dreaming small sounds
easier it is easier
oh don't you thank you
fm you you're on the air
they would have got
not a whole lot how are you
i'm good
martin from medicine martin from medicine what makes you go on to bid
i'm stupid
i i i'm stupid around smart people
i just i climb up
and i start second-guessing what i'm about to say to them because i feel like
they could be analyzing what i'm saying
who who are these smart people
know people i work with usually
and i find that most of the time that
people in authority
positions like bosses and uh... people that are older than me
well you know what you know what what subjects are being discussed that are
that are making feel that way it could just be um... work thing i guess it could
be work things and then
all of a sudden the the conversation can switch to
you know just
regular uh... like the conversation but i'm not
i'm never
never sure
like how to
that maybe i cannot just be laid back and talk to them
here's a deal here's what you do
next time these guys
are you know
a bunch of us and we're more boards they're all talking to each other about
uh... equations
you say let's cut the nonsense
what do you like better munchos or funions
And then watch everybody get super excited.
I'm going to do that.
Because everyone will have an opinion.
Cool.
That's good.
That's good.
What do you guys like better munchos or funions?
Funions.
I don't need any of that stuff, sorry.
No.
Little Lord Father over here.
Exactly.
If I'm you, you're on the air.
Hey, I got one for the topic.
What is it?
I don't know.
Okay. You don't know. I don't have to tell you. I don't have to tell you. It didn't start off well.
No. I got distracted. Predictably. I'm going to play some music from... What's that? No, not yet.
Give me two minutes.
Tages!
I've got me in my head
Don't fill my mind, say it in my head
When I get tired
I'm glad to be back
And I'm proud for the love I've never had
You say you'll look for me more too You say you'll never make me you go
But now I cry Trust you say goodbye
You've run away with another guy
I know my sorrow will be tomorrow
I never learn how to live without you
Mm, mm, mm, mm.
Now I know that it's true.
And I know I'll always love you.
Mm, mm, mm.
Mm, mm, mm.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
He doesn't care, he can't give you, he can't give you a lot, which he ain't got, he's
It stops dreaming of him
He's gonna break
Your hearts someday
Yes, tell him
That you don't want him
And I
Come back to me
Please forget to leave me
What will you do?
You sure don't?
You serve that kind of love
Please forget to
Then come back to me
He stopped dreaming of him, he's gonna break your heart someday
Yes, tell him, that you don't want him
And then, come back to me
Look at him, he doesn't love you
Look at him, he doesn't care
No, he can't give you, no, he can't give you, no love, she ain't cut, please forget him.
Okay, yes, best shows back.
Hold on.
Because I'm the one for you
I've made you happy
You made me blue
But anyway, girl
I'm the one for you
If you treat me from darkness
I know I love your pain
You just can't make me so sad
Cause I'll be one, I'll be one, I'll be one
Oh, you know, yeah
I stay by your side
Just to make you satisfy
But on this new side
Oh, I'll be one, for you
If you treat me for like this, I know I love you, babe
If you just can't make me so sad, go sound the one
I'm the one, I'm the one, I'm the one for you, yeah
I'll stay by your side, just to make you stand fine
But I don't just decide, oh I'm the one for you
If you set me free,
then you sure won't miss me
And you can't forget me
Cause I'm the one for you
Cause I'm the one for you
And I'm the one for you
all right now I think I am back we heard three songs a three for Tuesday very
rare very rare by the last time I did three Mike exactly has been a while
Spantagious, their collection, they are from Sweden from 1964 to 1968.
We heard, we heard, don't turn your back, forget him and the one for you.
the EMI label. So, take a quick call here. We have Paul F. Tompkins, a superstar comic
in the studio who's what brought you to New York.
It's some business here. Okay. The business. Pretty exciting. It sounds shady and or exciting.
are those things. All right and I'm going to go back to the phones we are
talking about the things that make you go I'm stupid. FM you you're on the air.
Hi I want to play your little game. What's that? I want to play your little game. You
want to play the game. Yes yeah. Okay yeah. All right say I'm you got to say I'm
stupid I'm stupid because I have not done all I can do to help the people of
new bridge okay who is this you don't know no I don't buy my voice I'm sorry
Just by my voice? By your voice I do not know. It's Kurt Gaseburn. What's that?
Kurt Gaseburn. Gaseburn? Yes. Okay. Oh, I know your name. What do you do? Yeah, how are you?
I'm doing very well. So the thing that you're stupid about is the fact that you have not helped the people of Newbridge?
not not uh... as much as i would have liked to
so far
far in cap
okay
you know like most of you uh... your listeners know i'm a very successful
local new bridge business men sure
and i am looking to move into local politics
okay
but what what what are some of the you i know your name as a businessman
of a new bridge
what are some of the things that are like some of the businesses that you
own in in town
well probably what i'm best known for i was the original owner of the lady
footlock
back i wanted open nineteen eighty one
and of course here's later i sold it as a very successful business to your uh...
your co-worker daren's father
edgar plop open
uh...
who i should say and i think we all know
ran it straight into the ground
the lady footlocker
i do remember it was uh... it was quite uh...
it was a it was a thriving business at one point absolutely absolutely
and then now it's kind of
well it's kind of boarded up now except for that guy who
there's that kid that lives behind it in the in the woods or something
and he does the graffiti what is his name
Oh, um, Bryce?
Bryce, that's exactly, yes, it's like,
he writes his name Bryce,
but the why is like a,
I'm not even gonna say the word,
it's a marijuana smoking vessel.
Yes.
Makes it out of the way out of the why.
Yeah.
It's disgusting.
Anyway, I washed my hands of what became of that place.
When I sold it, the ladies of New Bridge,
they had the most comfortable feet in the entire tribe ridge quad
when you had sold the place exactly and as we all know it ended up becoming a
dentist but perversion
that is true yes well uh... let me also just say uh... for a second if you if
you don't mind me interrupting your career
i just have to say you're listening to w f m u f m u e star and w x h team at
hope worldwide on the worldwide web at w f m u dot o r g
this is the best shown w f m u i'm talking to
Kurt was it again
pardon me your last name
case burn
yeah
case burn okay
i mean i just feel bad for for for edgar son daren
your co-worker because he's the one that has to deal with all these lawsuits
after his dad got barged
but his dad got barged oh yeah don't you remember that
you know i remember hearing about someone getting barged and daren is not
the most
forthcoming with things like that i would not be forthcoming about something
like that either i mean that that was an early morning barging and i think
like four a.m. that's the worst time because you know even the people who
are barging they're embarrassed to be part of it because they're embarrassed
by the person they're barging okay sure but beyond that not the two of my own
horn i also opened two drug stores in town or drug bill and drug burrow and I
contributed greatly to the community through them. Of course, I sponsored the
the drug burrow open hands
Kiwi flat fighting squad. Okay. Yeah. All right. Yeah. And is that like a charity
thing? Or is that just like to keep kids? It's to keep kids, you know, off the
street. And there's some charity in it all. So my hot dogs for some of the
poor kids in town, yeah.
Okay.
Yeah.
So this P we slap by the league and that's,
what is the age range on that?
It goes from eight to nine.
Eight to nine, okay.
Yeah.
Yeah, and they, but see the leagues are different
because of eight to nine in our league
and then other town's league,
it goes from like, you know, eight to 47.
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
So.
I actually, I'm sorry.
I could be kind of weird, you know,
an eight-year-old boys growing up against a forty-five-year-old yeah i i would
not want to i i i it's kind of troubling that you might put the kids in that
in that environment
well i know you mean and there have been a lot of injuries
but it's nothing that the that the uh... the employee to drug bill and drug
burrow can't cancel
yeah i actually shopped at uh... drug burrow
how you do yeah
you get prescriptions bill that oh yeah yeah i get uh...
i get uh...
my uh... low brought my low blood pressure medicine there
all night okay well i'm glad we can be a service to you that's right it's a
really it's a nice drugstore
yes yes
you know not to tell him or even more
uh... i'm just trying to to give your listeners
uh... the chance to put uh... uh...
a backstory in a space to my name uh... uh...
I'm also the guy who's, I'm a local legend for an incident that happened at Captain's
Donuts.
What was that?
A couple years ago.
Oh, okay, when Captain went up on the roof.
Exactly.
And basically I talked to him off of the roof of the Donuts shop and I convinced him to
let go of all the hostages.
Mm-hmm.
Somehow he had 83 hostages.
Up on the roof.
Yeah, which is pretty impressive for a guy who has one hand
That and also what we're like that many people doing at captain's donuts granted. It was like 7 a.m
Mm-hmm. You know people are going to work. Yeah, but still to be able to hoard that many people up like you said with one hand
Yeah, it's kind of impressive
so he
So he had them all up there and and how are you involved in that basically?
I got on a bullhorn and you know, being the guy that kind of doves out his many medications
at pharmacy, I knew what he was up against.
I just said, hey, I understand what you're going through.
I know the medications that you're on and we can work this out.
And at that point, honestly, he was taking 63 different pills.
Wow.
Twenty-three of which were up his own making
Well, you don't have any control over that then no, I didn't making his own pharmaceuticals
Exactly. Yes, I mean there were things in there that we still have not really been able to analyze
Uh-huh different pills. You don't even know what they were yeah, there's various barks and things. I think there's like your
Grapple in some of them. Mm-hmm. God God knows who what else yeah, so
So, basically, you know, I'm a respectable Newbridgeite, I've served on a variety of
local boards and commissions, you know, of course, my part of my claim to fame is sharing
the weights and means board.
Okay.
Yeah.
What board was that?
The weights and means.
The weight, I thought it was ways.
What's that?
Ways and means.
No, the weights and means.
What is that?
well the way to mean board basically uh...
there's so many bridges
in the area
and basically
uh... the weight part of it just you know we
we uh... decide how much weight each each bridge can can hold
okay and the means part
the means part really from anything
it sounds cool together
so the idea of when so
so means is not even a specific thing it just sounds
cool next to weights
yeah and if someone asked you to say
well the means part kind of describes what the weight part means
uh...
okay
i never again that's kind of thing i never question what those things are
well you shouldn't question government i don't think
uh... okay
ever
all right well what what kind of things did you do on the
you know on the and these different
boards or whatever you were
well you know i was also on the uh... on the school board for you
and i was the one to get the uh... the middle school to make their lunches
way healthier
okay
yeah i i i i made sure that they have a way more carob in their diet
more carob
yeah okay
that was so very a chocolate substitute because kids love chocolate
yeah kids do love it but it's so
in place of chocolate you're you worked carob into into the diet
carob
carob
yeah yes
oh i think it carried
no no no i know i know no i know
what carob is okay
we have to do
didn't substitute big the caror for the chocolate chocolate still there
because that's good
uh... okay
children love chocolate so what is the carob
in place of
fact that an option
you know if if the kids choose not to eat the chocolate mhm
they would have the caror they have the option of the caroror
will do any of the kids choose the caror
no
why
well that's not much of a
surprise but i get it
it's very well
yeah it's there that you're making an effort you
i would think you might swap those things out
chocolate taste so good
yeah with chocolate is good
you know i also did what's that
i also help in to to to program in conjunction with uh...
uh... the new bridge high school system what what kind of program
tutor system to a tutor okay yes uh-huh you know and that that actually help
help the high school kids raise their grades so they can go to a new bridge
community college you know for in for future education sure sure and and i
know this and this that johnnie come lately new candidate that everyone's
raving about this band the guy he's claiming that that's his his original
idea it's not so that started with you exactly so he's
jumping on your uh... he's riding your co-tells a little bit
absolutely and i guess he called in a little while ago to make a big
announcement
you know
he did yeah
i'm calling into making even bigger announcement
okay
yeah
i'm throwing my hat
into the ring
okay so you
for them a unit or you'll can see
for new bridge mayor
so you can't gates based on
based on
based on why is it a problem for you is something that i think the s t is
tripping me up
the t is the t is maybe it may be thrown in
i think that i think it is the t specifically
case burn i could be the case burn
but that's a terrible name it's based on
case burn
alright
so you will you are throwing your hat into the ring
absolutely yes
congratulations
you know i've got a real love and feel for the people of new bridge and i
live here my whole life
like i said i run those businesses
yeah yeah
so i know both sides of what it's like to be on the you know the consumer end
and also the uh... you know the business owner and sure sure you have a few you
kind of have a feel for
for what the what the town is about absolutely it is a special town
over it of course it is i mean there's so that there's so many things there's
so many great things from the you know that
you know the scuba diving to the ski slopes it's got everything
you know and my plan
is to make sure that new bridge
is viable economically for the twenty-first century
our businesses have to be stronger
uh... just you know for example tom yeah
muffler row
yeah have you been there recently no i i do not go on muffler or more
good to you it's a disgrace compared to what it used to be
well i was a kid yeah
i used to ride my bike up and down muffler or without worrying about getting hit
with bricks
or getting guns thrown at me
that's not the case these days though is it no i would not let my kid ride is
bike uh...
on muffler or
Exactly.
You know, situations like this make it clear that new bridges that are crossroads right
now, Tom.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I can see that.
Tom, do you agree with this?
You know, I do.
I would agree.
Yeah.
Um, so, so if you're going to take new bridge, you're, you want to clean spots up.
Oh, yeah.
Right.
Yeah.
What other, what other things you were saying about taking it into the future?
Well, you know, I'm most definitely pro-business, but I'm not going to build my town up at the expense of what has made it one of the most special towns in America.
Sure.
You know, we need progress without forgetting what makes New Ridge special in the first place. It's the people.
Mm-hmm.
Like I said before, it's like the layout of the town. It's got so much to offer.
Mm-hmm.
You know?
Yeah, it's a special place.
place. I think this, I got to say I've had a lot of candidates call talking about what
they were going to do. And you are definitely one of the most balanced and there's some
real weight to what you're saying.
Well, thank you. You know, I think you're a great asset to you.
Oh, absolutely. Your radio show is extremely important to New Bridge and it very much lends a voice to the people.
Oh, so that's nice of you to say.
Oh, yes. Tom, I'm so sorry.
Mm-hmm.
I have to take this very important call right now.
Okay.
I'm very embarrassed.
Uh-huh.
All right, I'm sorry.
All right, well...
One second, okay?
Okay.
We got a...
Kurt Giesbert.
No!
Giesbert.
I said no. How many times would I have to say no to you? That is not what I said.
You got the memo earlier today didn't you Steve? Come on! You know how I feel about this issue.
You believe.
It shut up? Look there's no gray area here. You make this right or you're gone buddy.
believe it. Good bye. Hey sorry
about that sorry. Are you okay.
Yeah why. Well that was a little
sound like you're kind of losing
your- your- marbles there for a
minute. But you heard that. Yeah
yes I did hear that. Oh well I
now i'm i'm very embarrassed
uh...
uh... i'm sorry about that i i i i thought i thought i'll tell you this
i have a temper when it comes to
things going wrong for the people of newbridge
and i think that proves that i care i'm not going to apologize for that
all the great politicians who have ever lived
and had that have had that spirit and that spunk
yeah i've had my perfect home
and i never claimed to be
i'm not sure about you come
but i'll pick someone who may be said something the wrong way once in a while
but it will also have a fire and passion to serve the people of new bridge
over some of our current leaders
yeah okay
those guys seem like there is free camp that i think
uh... yeah i can see that i could you know there is a lack of of
focus in newbridge of late
you know tom
now like it like no other time
you like you like saying my name don't you
as much as you
that's one thing that
okay i'm sorry i didn't mean to have that
well you say you keep saying tom
well go ahead never know about that that's just an observation
we're going to call through the major call through
and uh... you know
uh... i'm so sorry i had to take another call
if my campaign manager is going back to the very serious about
okay
all this i'm just going to do my
okay here in the meantime
logistic
uh... just a nightmare i'm sorry i hang on
if kurt
uh... gase
gase park
uh...
this is the downside of running for office man
i'm on the phone with this
I guess it's like a local high school radio show or something.
It's a total clown.
I swear to God, you can hear his fat rolls just rippling when he talks.
It's so disgusting.
It's actually hard to make out every other word he says because it sounds like he's eating
this like a foot long snicker bar between each word. It's so gross. You can
practically smell his sweat. It's so disgusting. You're never gonna believe
this. I swear he's using one of those voice modulators. I mean his voice isn't
even that low now. So it sounds like it's just on the underside of being deep
Which is not even can you imagine what it sounds like when he's not using it's probably like a prepubescent mouse or something
It's so hilarious. Oh
Like a hey, so like I
Really think I should wait until I get elected before I drop the news about the new nuclear power plant that we're gonna have here in
Newbridge
what
Nobody can say anything about it at that point because I'm gonna be king then
I mean nuclear power. Is it nuclear or nuclear power? It is nuclear. Okay. I guess I've been
saying it wrong like half the time. Well, we'll fix it, right? Okay. I mean, this stuff is
pretty safe, right? I mean, have you ever seen any old dirty, those coal stones? They're like,
they're like pitch black and then like when those poor people, you know, you see them like,
you know how you could see the footage of those like dumb kids and they do picking up the coal
and like their fingers would be torn up and they'd be throwing the coal and then they'd show their
like stubby fingers to the camera and the and the coal would be like blackened their stubs.
It's nothing like that, is it? What is it? So also when I win this stupid election,
how long do I have to wait before I can put this wall up? The wall that divides the poor people from
Well, we got to make sure those poor slobs don't get anywhere near us, right?
I'm telling you, just the other day I saw some kid riding a bike up my street.
And let me tell you, by the looks of that bike, he was most definitely not from our side of town,
if you know what I mean.
It made me sick.
I didn't even though they still made bananas seats anymore.
Oh, it was all I could do to hold them my wasabi braised beef medallions. It was that thick.
Alright, well, I'll talk to you later, okay?
And you're going to line up what's her name tonight, right, for me?
Awesome. Okay, thank you. I can't wait.
Okay, get for a little more than what's last time, okay? Thanks, okay.
Tom, Newbridge, is at the crossroads of its lifetime.
Tom.
Yeah, yeah.
And I think every constituent deserves to hear
their name spoken back to them as many times as possible.
And that's basically why I keep saying your name
over and over again.
Makes you feel good, doesn't it?
Well, you know what?
I kind of gotta say, I'm a little thrown.
I'm throwing as is even not exactly accurate
for what I'm feeling right now, from what I just heard.
What did you just hear?
Everything a record?
What?
Were you playing a record?
No, I heard everything.
No, I heard everything you just said.
Who was that, your campaign manager?
Wait, what?
You heard what?
I heard everything you just said.
No, you didn't.
Yes.
What did I say?
You were talking about a nuclear power plant
and then putting a wall up.
Who was?
You were and then you were also saying I'm you're saying I'm a fat slob
You're fat, right? What you're kind of fat, right? I'm no
I mean you were saying you could hear the rolls jiggle when I was talking
It sounded like I was eating it. You said it's a foot long Snickers bar?
You're not going to tell anybody about this, are you?
Well, you're saying it on the radio for stars.
I'm just so glad that this is going to tape and that this will never be brought.
No, this is why.
I know I have your word that it's never going to be brought.
No, you eat so much.
This is why.
You don't have my word at all. This interview. Wait. What? No, you called during my show.
How do you think if you feel that way? Is that how you really feel about the people in the town
that the poor people are slobs? Of course not. You're mad at some kid running a beat up old
biked in your street
that was a
that was a uh...
that was a play
i'm a rehearsing for
a play your rehearsing yeah for the new bridge community
plate troop
so that you
are what any
so what play is it
it's called them
may you be tutorial night
uh-huh.
With a K.
Okay.
And you are, um, you are what in that?
Excuse me?
What, what, what, where would that speech have come from?
Uh-uh.
It's, it's, uh, it's a soliloquy by the lead character.
Uh-huh.
Ray Ray.
Uh-huh.
Ray Ray.
Okay.
Ray Ray.
Yeah.
So you were just-
I-
You were saying what Ray Ray, so that was written out.
Oh yeah.
Of course it was.
Yeah, I'm still on book why so you were on book with that. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh geez what?
Can you hang on for one more second? This is super important. I'm very sorry. I
Promises the last time okay. I'm so sorry. Yeah. Yeah, hold hold. I'm sorry
Man this yeah, it's it's curt
got to let me stick to the pharmacist on duty. Hey, it's Condor! I need you to do
something for me. Super important, okay? Look at the prescription for Tom's
sharpling. S-C-H-A-R-P-L-I-N-G. I think it's 2Gs at the end. I-N-G-G. Yeah, it's some sort of low blood
pressure medication or something. Here's what I needed to do, okay? Listen to me very carefully.
I needed to switch that with 7,000 milligrams of the stuff.
Yeah, the stuff.
You heard me.
Make sure it's as strong as possible.
I got to make sure that this creeps.
He's on the heart stoppage list by Saturday, okay?
Do you promise?
And I swear if you tell anybody, you're gonna be on the hard stop at your list on Sunday.
Oh my God.
Okay.
Great.
Alright, there's an extra six in this for you.
What?
Not six hundred you dummy.
Six dollars.
What do you think I am?
Randall Savage?
Go back to work you jerk.
Six dollars.
That's all it. That's all my life is worth
You know Tom speaking of crossroads. Yeah
It seems you're at a crossroads
What do you what do you mean by that you're at a crossroads? I think you know what I mean? I
Really don't I don't like how this sounds, but it's yeah, uh-huh
You're at the same crossroads that already Johnson reach down the Mississippi Delta
Yeah.
What's that?
Uh, the same one that Artie Johnson reached?
Artie Johnson.
Yeah, at the crossroad from Laffen.
What?
Artie Johnson from Laffen.
What?
Who's Artie Johnson?
Are we talking about the Smothers Brothers?
No, I'm not talking about the Smothers.
Who is...
Who are you talking about?
Wait.
You're on a high school radio station playing music and you don't know who Artie Johnson
is?
Artie Johnson will tell them won't you tell me the blues men?
The no, that's Robert Johnson many songs that rolling stone covered
No, that's Robert Johnson and the rolling stones covered them
That's a shock that I never heard of the blues man. Artie Johnson. Yeah, there's a reason why I never
What?
When you don't wake up
On Saturday now you realize this is
Hello, yeah, okay. I thought I thought you hung up. Oh, no, usually when guys threaten me. They're gone by that point
A lot of people threatened me actually I don't anything about that you don't okay fair enough now you
Yeah, you just said all the stuff on the radio. There's no way you're gonna get elected
Well, I'm getting elected. Do you know what you're going to get?
What?
Elector-accuted.
Elector-accuted.
Okay.
Yep.
Great.
Yep.
Would you mean electrocuted?
Exactly.
I was just trying to make it more playful.
Well, it really didn't work.
That's my campaign slogan.
What is that?
The more playful candidate.
Oh, that's your slogan is the more playful candidate actually. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. That actually is
It's not that's not what I thought of you first. I thought you'd have something a little more serious
I'm very serious. You're probably most serious about
Can I guess
Sure. Yeah. Um, I'm gonna say it's probably has something to do with murdering me
Have you been reading my campaign notes?
No.
I haven't been reading your campaign notes.
That's actually in there.
Yeah.
Oh, you're going to get sued.
So you're going to...
I'm suing you.
You're going to sue...
Are you going to kill me first?
Probably sue you first.
Uh-huh.
No.
Here's what happened.
I got elected first.
Yeah.
I bring back Judge Davies.
Okay, yeah, he comes in and sits down at the you know, it's a little judge podium. Yeah. Yeah, okay
Exactly here's how it's gonna go down. Yeah, huh? You go in front of him. Mm-hmm, and you're you're shackled
You're shackled such a degree that you're actually brought in almost like you know how they have like eggs on spit
What's that? Yeah, they have like pigs on spit, you know, yes thing that they put the spit on like the the the pole
Okay, that's what I'll be brought in on you're brought in on that. Okay, and so basically here's Judge Davies
Name please. Oh my playing along with this exactly. Yeah, Tom Schar playing
Guilty
That's all it's all it took for me to sound guilty my name. Oh wait. I'm not finished yet
And then you hear the the the swishing and the thudding in the background as it slings away
That's the device I'm assuming
Pardon me. That's his device. Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah, like you've never used the device
I never know exactly and I never have what I have I don't want I don't care about that
And I don't who's it who's there in the studio with you with you?
It's the guy with the beer that I saw on the on Keith Overland last night, right?
Yeah, the guy from Keith Overland
Overland you dummy. Oh, sorry. Yeah, his name's Paul F. Tomkins
Come on put him on. Okay
Hello, hi Paul. Yes, this is what your name is Serge Gaines board
No
It's Kurt Kurt. I'm so sorry. I'm not from around here. Well, even though you're not from around here
You've used the device in the past, right? I'm not sure what you mean. Yeah, please
You can't tell me that you've never fallen asleep to the whooshing and thud sound I
Feel like I have fallen asleep to those sounds but maybe not both at the same time and not a result of a device
I'd love to send you one
Well, I actually whittled that in my spare time. Oh, I'll take you up on that offer. We all need a hobby, right?
Indeed, we do. Okay. I'm gonna say you are more playful
Yeah, well, I gotta say there's no way you're gonna win
The mayor new burn
May you been a tutorial right?
This you saying the stuff on the radio is gonna be here. What's that?
I'm just going to say get the pippin' out of your mouth.
Okay, again, I don't know what that is and I'm just going to move forward.
Okay.
Well, all the best of you, Kurt.
Okay, well none of the best of you and I will see you in the gallows.
The gallows?
Yes, yes.
Really?
We have gallows?
Absolutely.
In the...
Undertown Hall, yeah.
Okay.
Yeah, and my first order of business is to make them bigger.
That's your first order when when you become mayor exactly to store your fat rolls
Okay, wow you got me there on the way out. Okay. Well, we'll leave it at that all the best to you
I am mayor in your failed
election
Okay, he's gone. You don't know fair enough
Wow
You've ever been threatened had your life threatened like that every every week. I get my life really has never happened to me
It doesn't seem to have a deal a lot. They don't like me. Why do you think that is I?
Don't know
What am I doing to make people not like me all these lines are lit up Wow
Do you think people are back on topic?
We'll find out won't we
Now Paul have Tom because you know what these callers can wait. I want to just talk to you
We haven't talked yet. We've been so caught up with these callers. It's true
Now Paul of Tomkins you are a comedian. Yes, I am. You're a well-known
You're a national well-known. You're a nationally
Known comic let's yes, you can tour the country. Yes. No problem if I wish to yes
Chicago book it absolutely Florida book it. Yes. It's not like you just have to go. Oh, no
I don't know about that. I don't know. I don't think at this point. I'd send a tape to anybody. Yeah
And here's something I was also thinking of, you know, when you see these ads for like
carolines and it's like, this guy appeared on Carson Daly and this, you know, it's like,
this guy appeared on VH1's, you know, you know, Nut Hut or whatever comedy show, how
does celebrity breakups?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Who's proving that?
you just makeup late night with David Letterman you could but that that one
somebody might call you uh-huh if I said letterman yeah yeah yeah but all those
Conan you could get away with makeup stuff maybe maybe you could probably say
you were in a bit I'm Conan yes which people absolutely do yeah when it's as
seen on you know late night with Conan O'Brien yeah that means he did some
the audience okay but even that would be you weren't even funny in it because
they have all their writers do those roles yeah so you know you'd be at best
like the guy who got something poured on him yeah so unless you are assured as an
audience member that the writers for Conan show wrote the material you're
going to see tonight right let the buyer beware yeah yeah yeah well it's also the
idea that you know is that impressive to anybody in the audience when that's like
I don't I when a host asked me for credits I just say just say he's funny
guy yeah because it's not it's not gonna make any difference it's really not if
you're not that much funnier like the audience is not more on your side because
you have appeared on comics on leave yeah in the split second between when
They heard that and when I come out. Yeah, that's what makes all the difference like oh wait
He was on three things. Okay. I'm going to give this guy a fair shake. Yeah, no matter what exactly now
Yeah, he gets 10 minutes of goodwill
Now
You know when they say like you get those guys like Jerry Seinfeld say like like I get three minutes
Cuz I'm Jerry Seinfeld, and then I have to earn it from that one. I don't believe that no, it's not true
No, the audience is on board with this guy
From the beginning you would have to that level of fame
You have to really try to make the audience not like you have to go up and do with Michael Richards
Yes, exactly exactly and I see I've seen Goodwill stretch a long way with people who were on stage doing nothing
Yeah, you know exactly and people laughing at everything. They say yeah guys talking about he's got to earn it every time
Yeah, that's not true. That's his head games. Those are the games. He needs to play with himself to keep himself
If that yeah, or it's him being that false modesty. Well, it's it's him saying they're not laughing because
I'm Jerry Seinfeld laughing because what I everything I'm saying is hilarious. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, that they that makes sense
Yeah, they need to that's not to take anything away from him as a craftsman
You know like he works on his stuff. It's not like he just gets up there and wings it. Yeah, you know
He actually is presenting. Uh-huh, you know stuff that he's written. Yes, but no, it's
No, there's there's a lot of goodwill towards famous people. Good will is not over in
180 seconds. It is not
All right now show us what you've got exactly. Oh, it's worn off already the novelty of seeing you
People can't wait to go tell everyone that they saw Jerry Seinfeld at this club and then it was unbelievable
Just to adjust you so they're gonna laugh to say oh, and it was hilarious. Yeah, they're not gonna be like
guy saw him at this thing he just walked up and did he did 40 minutes yeah how
was he was terrible we were terrible we were excited but we were excited because
he was famous yeah and then he went up he was awful no one ever owned how it
actually was fm you you're on the air Tom yes is Tom from Buffalo who Tom
from Buffalo Tom from Buffalo you got it I have one for the topic the
uh... the topic being
uh... something i'm
stupid about that i'm not let's hear it
all right um...
yeah this has to do with music again uh... have no anything about music theory
as in playing instrument
or uh... how to read music or what key or
have both something as in
but i'm really pick you when it comes to music
does something you should know though you know i mean it's a select group of
people know that stuff
I don't know. I always feel like a real dummy because my girlfriend's a very major, not a very music theory major.
And what instrument does she play?
He's a vocal.
Okay, what instrument do you play?
I play nothing.
Oh, there you go. That explains it all right there.
Yeah. Is she making you feel stupid?
A little bit.
Hmm. I think the problem is your relationship.
That's what you're stupid about.
You think so?
Yeah, she sounds like a controlling
uh... cast rating monster
it's only ninety eight pounds like a bunch of
well you don't bring a physical threat into it you you
now i have to call them sorry exactly now you know
there's a bad guy now i just heard a threat smart guy
so she she is you with her emotional bullying and then you turn right around
make a physical yeah you you you're walking on your closed fist
was like who's afraid of a genuine wolf over there in buffalo
It kind of is. I don't know. I'm not that much of an intellectual guy. I have to look people know it.
You don't sound like a Stanley Kowalski. Get off my phone.
You gorilla. Go tell your t-shirt off.
You really sound like a gorilla too.
That crub voice.
Yes, I was a little scared. I thought he was going to come through the phone.
I know. Thank God he said he was a buffalo.
I know, I knew I had some leeway to talk tough.
Then by the time he would get down here, I could be gone.
If I'm you, you're on the air.
Tom?
Yes.
Hey, this is Perry from Kansas City.
Terry from Kansas City, how are you tonight?
I'm good, how are you?
Doing good.
Hey, Paul.
Hi, Terry.
I just wanted to say hello, I'm a huge fan.
Oh, thank you, of me, right?
Yes.
Well, both of you.
Both of you.
Thank you for both of us.
Yes, thank you.
up all i thought the l.a. and i saw you at uh... the benson interruption uh... in
november
uh... was a good i would i wouldn't have traded it for any time felt true in
the world
there you go
thank you very much so what is the benson interruption
that's a show that uh... that dot benson hosts in los angeles uh... where he
will interact with the comedians okay it's very fun
but i have something for the topic also you didn't fly out expressly for that
did you
i would know i was visiting some friends too it was like a nice benefit
i made sure that there was a sweet comedy show though
mhm nice yes
so well let's hear your contribution to the topic young man
well i was a little like yours comma
except for regular books i feel like i'm always behind on comic books
and uh... i'm not completely ignorant on the subject but my roommate
is a huge comic book nerd and
have other friends that read a ton of comics and i just
like i'm always overwhelmed every time i go into the
the car book store because it's like
i don't want to start anything from the middle
yeah everything's already
you know a hundred and fifty issues and
we got to start the beginning
so i know that's not fantastic for you have to buy fantastic for number one
well i will cost you a hundred thousand dollars but at least you know what's
going on
that they fight some uh...
we're the mud monster
this is the dawn of the moment was it yet i think it is right the moment
so what what are what do you read for for uh... for your own pleasure
well calico what i mean there's a few that i keep up well no just an outside of
comic books
if there's such thing
uh...
i don't know i haven't read anything
uh... in a while like magazines
uh... websites
shampoo
let's see uh... i don't know well
you were on uh... you're talking about zombies earlier i've been reading
those uh...
max brooks all they're good
yeah they're all like them
are they good yeah they're really good
got to get a job
actually and that he he had won
world war z yeah
yeah
i just got the uh... audio cds i got that too i've listened to you
yeah i got like halfway through but there was a pretty awesome
yeah it's he does really good stuff that zombies are on all those on it
Alan, all design, really?
Yeah, I think so, yeah.
Soft spot on my heart for Alan Alda, always.
There's my childhood of loving mash.
Sure.
Which one was he on mash?
I don't remember.
You remember?
The British one.
Here's the British one with the mustache.
OK, a little one with glasses?
Yeah.
He's a little British guy with glasses and mustache.
Not the little twerp who could make everything happen.
Do you mean radar?
Rodaro, yes. Rodaro, really.
How about when Klinger stopped wearing the dresses?
Like, the show was on for over a decade.
Yeah.
And in the last year and a half, two years,
like, can I stop wearing dresses?
It's great when it happens, when shows basically give up,
where they know they're popular enough to keep going
and they will just start pulling out the support beams
Yes, that are what made you love it in the first place
Yeah, like on happy days when it's just like you know at a point they were like look
I'm sick of walking around Los Angeles with this stupid short haircut
Yeah, I want to grow my hair out like every other person so I can go up for movies
That's right, and you know Scott Bay was walking around
He's walking
Yeah, he's walking around like he just came off the set of of Saturday night fever and then he's going back
he's was talking about the
the fact that a bill hailey in the comments are coming to town
thank you
fm you you're on the air
hi guys
who's this
this is
erica and lots more supercola
yes it is supercola
supercola
how are you tonight
i'm good you know we haven't mentioned once
and i know
but i was talking about it before we are on the phone so
a mike did you watch the wire this sunday
no spoiler
you're a week ahead all cuz of on-demand
it seems like an awful show of people watching that important that they put it
on demand the week before
report car what is the rating scale one to ten for episode three
not that good
six out of ten all not as good as the new Orleans airport
Episode four, seven out of 10.
Wow, they added a baby.
In a lap track.
Oh, Erica, how's the non-smoking going?
It's okay, I'm having really crazy dreams also though.
That's so fantastic.
Like what you described.
But good.
Exactly.
And it's great right?
Well, you know, there have been times when I was in the middle of the night and gone back to sleep and kind of like looked forward to like what was going to happen next. Like, I don't know.
That's a gift.
Oh, yeah.
Do you find that you have these bursts of anger?
Uh, well, no.
No.
Are you past that?
The first week I was really, um, nudie.
Mm-hmm.
That way.
Okay.
Real crab apple.
Yes.
Yeah, at times, like it would spike, it was good nuts, and then I'd buy it.
So what is the thing, Erica, that makes you go, I'm stupid.
Well, I love to cook like a dinner or lunch type food or breakfast, and I do it well,
but I can't bake.
Like, I look, and I love food, and I really love cooking, and I look at all these recipes
and like, half the time, if it's dessert, I'm like, I can't do that.
Like, they burn, or they frustrate me, whatever.
I think I know why you can't do that.
Because it's a pain
Baking is such a hassle and it takes forever
And it's got to be just so or it's ruined
It's got to be absolutely perfect or the thing is garbage. You'd have to throw it out. Yeah
And buy it that's exactly conversely the grocery store selling
A pack of cupcakes for three dollars. Yeah, but when you took all these other things you're like why can't I make you?
Like why can't I make a cake? Why? Why bother? No the bad ones have already been thrown out at the store
Go buy the good ones and eat them immediately
The my girlfriend it says that I can't that I should say that I'm stupid about cooking
But I can't my boyfriend that I can make breakfast and it's great
Specialty
My specialty is like traditional
English breakfast
We went to a restaurant with a baggers mash.
We went to a restaurant one time this like trendy, not trendy, but hipster sort of breakfast
place in L.A. and my girlfriend ordered the English breakfast in the menu and they brought
her, you know, like some, a couple weird like chorizo sausages with some eggs and then a
bowl of black beans.
It's disgusting.
It's like not at all what it's supposed to be.
And they acted like, she said, oh, this isn't really English breakfast.
Just pretty much like shrugs like, boom, too late.
Just eat it.
You can eat it up.
FM you're on the air.
Hey, how's it going, Tom?
Going all right.
How are you doing?
Who's this?
There's this prank call from Wehalk in New Jersey right next door.
Oh my God.
Yeah.
Right next door.
Let's make sure this one goes that easy.
physically next to us in the town next door
how uh... what's going on tonight frank
well i was wondering if i could uh... play the game i'm certainly show but i
wonder if i could not play for a bit
sure what is the thing that makes you say i'm stupid
well it has a little bit of a back story uh... at my office we have a
that will going right now
uh... celebrity that one
i traded up
he's later actually for britney spears
two weeks ago
Stop.
Get off my phone.
Creep.
I don't think I was a creep.
You know what?
That's a guy where he's in, we hawking?
Come on down here.
Punch your nose down your throat.
I don't care.
Punch your nose down your throat.
Yeah, yeah.
That's how powerful punch is.
Just like this.
Ugh.
That's how hard, guy, guy, what's a ghoul.
I hate that.
I hate that ghoulish humor.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I just hate ghouls in general.
Yeah.
Even when they're not being funny.
Exactly I
Hate ghouls like that movie where Joe Pesci was the photographer remember that
No, what movie
Was that the name of the guy who was like a famous tablet photographer from the the Golden Age of Hollywood?
Oh, I do remember that movie. Yeah, I forget what it was called American tabloid
That was when Joe Pesci was gonna be it was after good fellas and he was supposed to have this amazing movie career
It was like the front page or something like that, but yeah, yeah, but then it didn't work
He did that he did good fellas my cousin Vinny and then it was sharp steep
Yeah, where they were like retarded people or something that was really him
It was like those two guys must have there's a point where these guys take movies as cash grabs
Yeah, there must have been a moment where those two guys were in a trailer saying
this one we bid off more than we could
share with this and they're not paying a
seventy-five million dollars each yeah
yeah yeah to do this to to physically
exert ourselves yeah do awful comedy
yeah exactly like how old are you Danny
I'm 60 66 yeah I'm well I'm on 63 and
what are we doing this thing now there's
a scene where we're out on a boat all
day getting fried in the sun I feel like
I'm getting killed by the by the oppressive
Great. I have sunstroke.
This is a scene where we can track skin cancer.
What am I doing between takes? I'm working on my will.
A cash grab is Marlon Brando in Superman.
That's a cash grab.
Guy shows up for four days.
They're putting these guys through the gauntlet.
He shows up for four days with his lines on
post-it notes on the chest and the other actor.
Exactly. And he still gets weird about it.
He's getting hit in the face with fish, thrown, getting, I got a big one.
And you know it's the kind of thing where it's like we'll just do the front end.
The front end is going to be Danny getting pulled into the foot, then we'll
get the stunt hand in. You know he's still getting his, he can still get his
arm dislocated. Yeah, even if he has to lean over the boat eight times in a row.
That's like it's a lot of exertion for a guy's age. Yeah
He'll feel it at the end of the day
So
Was driving here today as I'm driving here sure it's one of these real-life moments in the show
Driving here. I like the real-life moment. Oh, thank you
I'm trying to find like I had to send a document to somebody that I had on my laptop
Right, and I wrote it and I forgot to send it
From my house then I leave with a laptop and I'm trying to find Wi-Fi. Yes. Just trying to find anything
Yes, like oh Starbucks has it. I go and I forget. Oh, they want ten dollars like a day ten dollars
Yeah, well, that's good like what?
It's like five years from now people will laugh at the idea that
When there are giant Wi-Fi towers
That the idea that a something within the confines of a store tried to charge you $10 is
That the way it's gonna be or are they gonna are they getting in on the ground floor of charging people and not letting go of that?
It could go either way actually you're right encrypting encrypting
The signals and everything like I have one in my house
That I feel like somewhat that was good for a long time and now it's terrible and I feel like somebody somebody's on it cracked it
Yeah, someone someone's riding your free internet. Yeah, and I had to come up with a password that was 26 characters like the whole alphabet
It's like my password is a full sentence, right? And somebody still somehow is leeching off of my signal
So frustrating
Yeah, that might be the way that it's going so I'm driving around in the shopping mall. I figured I'm just gonna drive
I'm not gonna pay ten dollars to send one email like that would have hurt so much
So I figure I'm just gonna drive through this strip mall and see which of these stores has a signal, right?
And I'm watching on my laptop as I roll two miles an hour through the parking lot passing staples
I see all of a sudden shows up like like
Staples hotspot, but you like to join this this connection to try to join it sure there's been an error
Of course, there's an error the error is that I don't work there, and I'm outside of the place in my car
Okay, I can drive past Home Depot orange. Like is the name of their thing
Would you like to join the orange network? Yes, there's a problem
So then I see
Nothing's gonna work in this thing. I remember
Passing these McDonald's and they say like McDonald's is trying to make it like they're cool now
Like it's like it's a like it's kind of an upscale hangout
Yeah, it's not just for, you know, small kids to hang out there with the worst food on earth. Yeah, so I see this
McDonald's has Wi-Fi now. Mm-hmm. So I go to the McDonald's. I pull in. I'm not going into the make though
Like I'm not gonna go in. You just get close enough to get the bars. Yeah, and shows up. Oh, McDonald's network
One of three dollars for two hours
three dollars. This idea. Three dollars for two hours worth of internet access.
Well, worst deal in Starbucks. Yeah, worst deal. So who is Adam McDonald's bringing their
laptop in? You know, yeah, here's my, I got my G4. I'm gonna go, or my Mac book, gonna go in here.
I'm just gonna take one more pass at this scene and then send it from here. Exactly. As I eat this
99 cent hamburger and my computer now smells like french fries
I now have to leave here and my my twenty five hundred dollar laptop now
smells like a McDonald's until the end of time I'm so close to sending this I
just need to get one of those shaker salads fix act three yeah we're gonna
blast with these calls FM you're on the air hey this is Ben from Toronto
Ben from Toronto. Let's bring it. Let's bring it buddy. Is it what you got?
I'm saying I'm stupid and tell me you're calling about the topic. What is it?
How I am stupid about politics stupid about politics. Yeah, like what well, I'm I'm from the States and
Originally and I'm just at
University in Toronto and
Everyone seems to know more than me. Mm-hmm. Sounds like you're informed. Yeah
Yeah.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Read a paper.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi, this is Michael in Oakland.
Michael in Oakland.
What's going on?
Hotel.
Good.
I got to see Paul last night.
Oh, in San Francisco, California?
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's part of my, uh, why I'm stupid.
Uh, I'm hitting on a waitress.
It's really cute, but I'm so bad at it.
Well, whenever they visit interactions at the comedy club, I, well, Paul's on stage
I really like this guy, do you like him too, if he just takes my beer away?
Wow.
Was it a full beer?
No, I mean a little bit less, maybe a sip left, not much.
Life's hard. FMU, you're on the air.
Hey Tom, it's Mike Emmett.
How are you doing Mike?
Good, good. Fancy Mike.
Fancy Mike, what's up?
Yeah, I just wanted to say I am stupid.
options in futures because
last night's
fm you're on the air
hey this is
come from summer to county new jersey
all right
what do you got for me ten last call the show
well uh...
you know the video game systems
does make me feel pretty stupid
yeah i i really can't i can't do it at all
you know i'm all about the tetris and super mario but when it comes to like
holding two joysticks to control mario i
I don't know how to do that, and I don't know how 12-year-olds are kicked <E.D.> all the time.
It feels stupid.
I had the same thing I went, I was playing on the Nintendo Wii.
I was playing this game called Lou Dobbs Border Patrol.
Sure.
And it was really hard.
Cause there's a lot of filling up paperwork.
Well no, you play Lou.
You are Lou Dobbs.
You're Lou Dobbs.
And you control the minute men right and and you kind of you're flying this kind of helicopter over the border, right?
Well, you know practice makes perfect. I think you saw a general problem. That's a perfect way to end the show
anyway
It's too short the show is too short. I know I
Feel like we didn't get enough of Paul of Tomkins. I think we got enough, but Tom
I feel like your show is too short every week. Oh, well, that's nice for you to say. It's the truth
Especially coming from a nationally known
Comic top two top two in my heart. Wow
Not currently all time. Well, that's impossible. Yes
You Bob new heart
Is he was going to say there's three comics swirling around right you yeah
Padna's wall, right?
Benjamin Franklin my three favorite comedians. He was pretty funny. It was fun. It's a funny stuff
Yes, he did say some funny stuff.
Do you think anybody was really like, he's so funny.
He's only funny now, like people think he's funny.
Back then people was, he's annoying.
Was there any, but it's such a crazy thing to think
that in colonial times, there was anybody
that was making people laugh out loud,
like with something they said.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Did you think people back then were kind of primitive
and maybe if somebody's wig was askew.
that was scream yeah that's as close as they got like something that somebody
said like Ben Franklin was saying something and Thomas Jefferson cracking up
did that ever happen no I picture guys back then we're laughing like when
people got chopped in half like their sense of humor must have been so it's
so monstrous you know you should have seen it his arm was torn asunder
It was the funniest thing I've seen in a fortnight.
He got smarter by the end of that sentence, he started out kind of dumb, but he had to
have the head.
He should have seen it.
It's almost toward a sundae.
These are guys from Philly.
Exactly.
That's always been in the Philly blood.
Oh yeah.
Absolutely.
1700s, 2000s.
Yeah, I should have seen it. This guy got hurt. This guy got hurt and it was hilarious. It's still true
It is still true. I'm only human and from Philly
You know what else is true is that this is WF MU East Orange WX HD man
Hope worldwide on the worldwide web at WF MU.org. You know what else is true?
The small change is about to come up and drop three hours of the greatest radio you've ever heard
He was bragging about how good tonight's show is gonna be
Let him up and knock him down, baby.
Small change walks in here with a big foam number one finger
that he vowed never to take off.
He's going to let it rot off his hand.
Tonight, Small change is going to be doing a tribute to,
it's going to be going deep into the Elliot Smith catalog.
Playing all the B sides and the deep cuts.
A lot of goodwill hunting sound track.
So stay tuned, right?
Elliot Smith?
Maybe some Dan Fogelberg?
Rest in peace.
Too soon, Dan Felgabord.
Not for that creepin' is, uh, cool.
I know, I became one of those ghouls.
Well, bet.
Stay tuned.