Hey, who's this?
Well, I'm in footage 12, Governor of Alabama.
Hi, it's, uh, Gerald Perlmutter.
Tom Sharpling, Governor of Party.
Hey, Tom, it's Purple Tour.
Hey, Tom, it's Mark Michaels.
This is Richard Card, Richard Card.
What's your name?
Barron.
Barron.
And, well, what's his name?
Hey, Tom.
Hey, Tom.
It's Mark Michaels.
This is Richard Card.
What's your name?
Barron.
And well, what's inside the two?
Firecrite.
Maurice Kurt?
Horrified.
Hey, Thomas Bruce.
Tommy!
Who's this?
Genji Vitis.
Genji Vitis.
Yes, they have ranked below me at the wall.
I guess who's one.
I hate you.
It's Peter.
Hey, it's Steinberg.
Mm-hmm.
You are creepy, and I'm hanging upon you.
Boing.
Roger Depp.
My name is Ollie Fairnock.
I'll say it.
You'll hear it.
You'll do it.
I'll get it.
You'll learn it.
I'll live with it, and you'll die without it.
Smash your trash.
Good day. What's up, Tom? It's Tristan. Hey, it's Michelle. Yeah, Tom. This is Jim Riffle. How you doing? When I get to do the toilet talk now.
It's the Bardville of the New Century. My name is Tom Riley. I'm calling from New Zealand. Hey, man, it's Brian.
Ted, don't stand with us. Ted Paul. It's a Ted Paul show. Hey, this is Ted Lea. Whaaat? This is Pete from the Future.
Hi, Tom. It's DJ Terry Chase. Hey, from Knoxville. Supercaller. It's off to Tom. My name is Mike Zajac.
Get off my phone, I don't care.
Hey, this is it, be tense, man.
I'm going to go to bed now, bye, friend.
Hey, Tom, it's Gordon.
Hey, Gordon, how are you?
I was in a band in the early 90s.
My name's Jerry Page.
Tom, why do you listen to Jeffrey Ludell?
It's a fat disease, wilder right in the night, isn't it?
The disenfranchised have a home now.
I'm the hero of the disenfranchised.
I'm going through the streets and you breathe
I'm going through the light
I'm going through the light
It's 8 o'clock, it's time to heal the rest
The best show of joy that you have
The best show of joy that you have
The best show of joy
Hey, do the best you are to go with your way
We're going tospeed
Hey, do the best you are to go with your way
We're going tole you, hey
Let your love go with you, hey
We're going tole you, hey
We're going tole you
We're going tole you, hey
Let your love go with your way
Look at the back of the gr Listen to us Now they need you
TheSame
Surprise, I'm gonna prove my need to look at me and be there
Dance with me in the sky
I know that you can't be empty above the rest
But just let this crazy slim be
You only put a bit into that test
I called up my favorite girlfriend
I said, oh, hey, won't you please
I'd appreciate the words that spread the drugs of my new family's.
My family's doctor,
is a different evil friend
of my diagnosis.
The skin!
So I killed my family's doctor,
I killed my girlfriend too,
And I can't stop, it's chillin'
Cause it just gets to you
And now, we're screamin' from the nation
And for number one
It's going to the top
And ain't gonna stop, we're gonna show you how it's done
Slip on your shoes
And slim it in
That crazy feelin'
The skin
Her Majesty, the Queen of the Big Boss Gate, Miss Bon Bonn Lee.
He's saucy, he's sexy, and slightly saucy.
Our good friend, buddy, on bass guitar.
Ladies and gentlemen, for your dancing and listening pleasure,
Introducing...
The Big Kahuna!
You ain't gonna stop now, you ain't gonna stop
Would you get this girl?
You ain't gonna stop
Now give this
Yeah
Yeah
I'll take it away
I'll be changing through a spring day
I'll find some high-right chips in the trip
And every time it hits you, you're gonna shake your hand
And here, when you're sleeping room, it's gonna take you lots of time
You're gonna make your feet do what they need, baby
I guess we made the skies
Don't try to fight it
Cause you'll never win
Just like pneumonia
The skin
I believe your new girl turned you down
And they say, she's pushing you around How does it feel, I guess it hurts to cry
I'll be my friend
How many nights you cry
This master and his face
The king has lost his crown
Suddenly
His thoughts seem like a clown
The world is upside down, the King has lost his crown
Was it hard to slip down from your throne And to know, tonight you're all alone
Oh, what a shame who really won't let go
She doesn't care, she'll just dream of her
This sad spirit is free
The King has lost his crime
The world is upside down, the king has lost his crown,
He says the red is raised, the world is all the right,
Upside down
The King has lost his crown
He says the rent is raised
The one is all the right
Suddenly
His won't seem like a throne
Ahh
The world is upside down
The king has lost his crown
He says they ran his race
The only way
I can get through the day
It's to make a light
Like it was yesterday
I get up in the morning
After crying all night long
Laughin' and talkin'
Laughter ain't nothin' wrong
Crossin' forever
If I ever face reality
I go, yes I go
That's gonna be the end of me
But you see, we don't see
We're lonely
No, we don't know
And I, baby, please
Make a mess of my feet
See that's local
In his eyes, just the way he used to look at me.
And I hear he's telling me, I need to know me for you.
But I'm about it, I'm not so beautiful.
I need to hear you know, go by myself, but let me tell you one
But the only way I could take it is pretend I'm someone else
It's all about it, cause it's forever
If I ever face reality
I know, yes I know
Oh, that's gonna be the end of me
Let me tell you, oh, oh, oh
Keep turning, turning, turning, turning around
You know what I'm gonna do, huh?
I'm gonna wait, just go away
Come back now, good girl, everybody
I don't know if they could get this one I don't know if people are gonna get it
I'm not sure if they're gonna get it you think they'll get this one think they'll
got it? a little cool check your calendar check your calendar on this one check
your calendar and then maybe you'll get the joke
19 for me
Cuz I'm the tax man
Yeah
Five percent appear too small
Be thankful I don't take it all
Cause I'm the tax man, yeah, I'm the tax man
If you drive a car, a tax must treat
If you drive two seats, I'll tax your seats
If you get too cold, I'll tax the heat
If you take a walk, I'll tax your feet
Taxman
Look on the taxman
Yeah, I'm the taxman
Don't ask me what I want to call
Anybody got a move on, anybody got a move on, anybody got a move
If you don't want to pay some more
Anybody got a move on, anybody got a move on, anybody got a move
Cause I'm the tax man
And the tax man
Now my advice for those who die
Tax man
We call the pennies on your eyes
Taxman
Cause I'm the taxman
Yeah, I'm the taxman
And you're working for no one
But me as man
What is it again, some rainbow reading thing or something?
It's called Redeeming Rampa. It's stupid.
Yes.
Get off my phone.
201-209-9368. We're going to spend all night talking about something stupid.
Yeah, you're right. It's stupid. Let's spend five more minutes of the show talking about it then.
Don't stop, I'm so good
You're broken, swear to the queen
We're in a region for the top show
There isn't any debate
Don't wait to listen to the beat
My show, double your way back
My show, double your way back
I can't do this tonight, I can't
Again.
I will everybody this is the best show on WFMU brought to you each and every Tuesday night
three hours of mirth music and mayhem tonight's installment will be hosted by me Tom Sharpling
the phone number two on one two on nine nine three six eight
if you've got the courage to call during that
this uh... the this early portion of the show realize
that you're entering
a danger zone
you have thirty seconds
to deliver
the quote unquote goods
we just heard the Beatles
with uh... take eleven of taxman
taken from a collection called legend of a leg and
on the bmw record label
before that super hot stuff
from marie queen alliance
a new cd called soul fever
reissued on the uh... on the uh... vampi
soul label vampa soul label
originally came out in nineteen seventy
that's hot stuff
name of song with c and don't see
equally hot
that's right the alba box you're back
welcome back alba box
we missed you
at least i missed you
mike didn't miss you
you might uh... kept trying to say alba box
he wanted me to switch you out for a proko harem box
i would not stand for it
proko harem
from the vule vu album
the king has lost his crown
and starting us off girl trouble the amazing ban from uh... tea town
that's right not uh... the tea dot
takoma washington
from their album
hit it or quit it
we heard the skin
put out by the fine heroes are at sub pop many moons ago
Oh boy, this line's flashing already.
Should I be scared?
Possibly.
Can't go around it.
Gotta go through it.
FMU, you're on the air.
Well, Tom, my name is Leon Corbonne.
I'm sorry, who is this?
Leon Corbonne.
Leon Corbonne.
Yes, and I would like to apologize for stealing
people you want to apologize stop the clock who did you steal from Leon am I
left to say last names are now okay Matthew see but what did you steal about
$20 from his paper route while he was in the hospital you're right are you are
You are all there. No, no, no. How did you steal $20 from a guy to my head that I would collect so I could go buy myself a Harley Davidson wallet, not even taking into consideration. This guy was in the hospital. And I was covering his paper.
So how were you stealing his money? I collected I collected for his paper while he was in the hospital.
Okay, and why was he in the hospital?
Appendix operation.
And how did you know he was not going to be around?
Because he was showing me how to do the paper route for him,
so when he was in the hospital, I would do his paper route.
And how old is this person, Matthew?
Probably now.
Well, when did you do this?
Years and years ago.
How many years ago?
Twenty-something.
Over twenty years ago.
it's been haunting you huh you have no idea eating up inside oh there's many
more things I've done but yeah I think I'll start with that feel better to get
it off your chest no not really no you know why yeah you're marked you're
marked you did a bad thing you can't just get it over with by telling others
about it? Or do you feel humiliated? Yeah. I felt humiliated before I even called. So
you wanted that wallet, huh? Harley Davidson wallet. Yeah. And was it worth it? No. Did
you get the wallet? Yes, I did. And you must have felt like a real big shot walking around.
I did
What happened to Matthew because of this
Nothing active like nothing was wrong, and I just got some strange looks and
But he stopped talking to you. I'm assuming
Well, he moved away after after some years and lost touch with him. I've been trying to get in touch with him. Uh-huh
I just didn't seem to, I couldn't, did people search, call the private investigator, I went
through the yellow pages, the white pages, yeah. Private investigator, huh? You get that
$20 back to him. Yeah. Man on a mission. Trying to do the right thing. Yeah. You know, you're
trying to do the weird thing. Private investigator. He'd be more spooked by a, by you contacting
them now. Are we getting callers from is there some weird show is a Werner Herzog
hosting a show on a different station we're getting his calls? Is this some sort
of dog May 95 call in show? I hope you're humiliated for the thing you did you
should be ashamed and you know what you should do that twenty dollars you take
Take that twenty dollars. You take twenty out of your wallet. How do you make a good
living now? No. I'm going to assume no. No. No you don't. Okay. What do you do for a
living? I'm unemployed. Okay. Any prospects? I'm looking for work. Yeah. What kind of
work. I would drive her some sort. Uh huh. Like a getaway car? No. Who would trust
you with a car? Yeah, here's the keys. Well, the truck like a delivery. Oh, truck. Yeah,
those are just four times as expensive as cars. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. And there is not
like you're carrying a payload around. You're unemployable. You know why? Because you got
the stink of untrustworthiness. It probably glows off you like an aura.
It does. It's probably in your walk. It's probably in your talk. You probably can't even
hold somebody's gaze, can you? Start to look at your shoes like you're afraid they're going
to start seeing through you. I don't hold people's gaze for a different reason because
I'm highly intimidating. I know many people have said, Tom looks away when you talk to
You know why I'm too cool for school. That's why I do it, but you you're worried that people are going to see through you
Right
No, it's not making you accept this do you do not hold people's gazes do you when you're in a conversation?
You're like a dog. You break the gaze first
My eyes seem to set and if I just glared somebody I'm just staring at them on that
Mm-hmm making eye contact. Yeah, when you do probably hold their gaze. It's probably terrifying
They're probably scared for their life. They're a feared for their physical condition
So this is what I say
Go get the go get a
$20 right and then you get another 20
Then you get another 20 after that you triple it for what you did with that 20 you get 60 and this has to be money
You got a not from ill-gotten means you don't go out and rip someone else off to make this happen
And you put that $60 to a good cause
I've been doing that
Well, how have you been doing you have what have you been doing donating money to good causes? Yeah, what are what causes?
doctors without borders
Council of Indian nations
uh...
there's quite a few red cross
i've been given a lot of white money where my sister she's in she needs money
she's not doing well health-wise
and how much have you given away
total of thirty two thousand
thirty one
what were you doing for a living
uh... well it was an inheritance here
you want to know what i'm ready to say
you can put the uh... harley daveton wallet uh... situation behind you
put it behind you
you are
forgiven
yet that you are forgiven
okay
money makes it okay to give money away that makes it okay
i mean you can't hunt this guy down you're going to spoke
yeah i got that twenty uh... i'm sure he never forgot it
You know what, it's on him now, it's on him.
No, but I'm sure he forgot, I'm sure he did forget it.
Yeah, but you move on.
He probably just knows that there's dirtbags out there
and it makes them a little more cautious.
He probably just knows that evil exists in this world.
there's guys like you
who uh... prey on on people that getting it
that's getting an operation
and then you're uh... you're uh... taken uh... money from his paper what paper
was it
that no address
well that's different
that's a horrible newspaper
that's uh...
that's a no man's land decision
i'd rule it a draw
that off my phone
like i'm talking to uh...
what's that guy like uh...
harry dean stanton
i picture that guy looking like harry dean stanton
and yes it's harry dean stanton
not harry dean stanton
harry dean stanton
how do i know that
he yelled at me once for calling him a harry dean stanton
was on the set of uh... mister warmth the don rickles project he was
playing his uh... awesome harmonica solo
beginning. Which I thought was a great choice. Great way to kick off a Don Rickles documentary.
Of course, you started with Harry Dean Stanton playing the harmonica. That has everything to do
about comedy. Oh brother, I'm down now. One sixth of the show is gone already. I feel like I need
a shower now with that guy well not with him goodness gracious how many people do you think
that guy has killed in a communal shower mike i'm gonna set the over under at three
like in a prison shower like where he's just like strangled them or beat them with a bar of soap
And by the way, I have an announcement to make last week, things got a little heated
on the program.
My lawyer has advised me that I apologize to a fine person who called named Ross.
I apologize for saying I was going to fight you and impale your body on the Colgate clock,
which sits on the Hudson, across from Manhattan.
Good brother.
No, I will not.
Guys entitled to his opinion,
he doesn't like the show, more power to him.
You know what, I don't like it.
After that last call,
I don't think I'm a fan of the show anymore.
Yeah, I, uh, want to make a confession.
I, uh, did a horrible thing, uh, yeah.
Stole a walk, some, uh, paper root money.
201, 209, 9368.
That's the number here on The Bet Show on WFMU.
I want to know since today is tax day, I will do this completely anonymously, throughout the show. This is one that can go throughout.
Tell me, I want to find out who in the listening audience has gone the longest without paying their taxes.
And you just say you don't have to use a fake name if you want
Who has gone well, I would actually say maybe the guy's gone long as is that last caller
Although you got an inheritance of what 32 grand
2-0-1, 2-0-9, 9, 3, 6, 8, all throughout the show.
That is up on the table, up for discussion.
evergreen, so to speak.
The other day I was watching on the television, a channel, but I told you about that video
game channel I was watching where it's it's like a high def channel and it's a
basically watch people play video games and I thought it was the dumbest thing
I had ever seen until I realized I was watching it for 25 minutes watching
someone else play a video game so I'm watching it the other night and on it
There was something called, I guess the channel is called Gameplay HD and now this
was 5.30 in the morning I woke up early before my training days. As I sat down in
front of my television with my dozen eggs in a glass on this channel and
obviously this is before today's show started so this is like when the today
shows in that weird part of it when it's like that 5 to 6 a.m. version of the
today's show where it's clearly like third stringers I got it who's on the
today show that early in the morning like who I gotta see who the who the what
So they even call that part of the line up.
But anyway, I wasn't watching that yet because we were not at the part of the program where
All my favorites are doing their thing.
And Curry, Natalie Morales.
So I'm watching this gameplay HD.
And they had a thing called Gameplay HD Open, like a tournament.
And they're playing a game.
It was like a weird contest for a game called Ace Combat 6.
And the way they were conducting this contest, it was a 2-on-2 tournament, and it was the
The best two players who were civilians playing the best two guys they could find from the
military.
Now just so you know this game is like a fighter pilot game where you're flying around shooting
other planes out of the sky.
So they had two military guys playing two civilians.
And first of all, when they were showing the smack talk before it, like these civilians
were so arrogant talking about it like these are and these military guys, these are actual
air force guys, guys who fly actual planes and the civilians were like yeah we don't care,
not scared of these guys
so then they they get on the on this at the stage to uh... to for the
competition and uh...
they put the civilians and the uh... the uh... military guys in in kind of
flight suits
flight suits
these uh...
civilians now we're standing next to guys who are actually in the military
i'm not saying you gotta worship people from the military
that's a far from what i'm saying but i'm just saying
the arrogance that these civilians had
going into this
there was one guy here and they will have a video game handles like
God forbid you use the name God gave you. Well, God didn't give you the name
Your parents gave it to you
But these guys one guy was named boogeyman and another guy had some filth name
Something stains is all I'm gonna say so you need to know
That he had stains as the second half now. I can say what the first what it's a stain of
for just trust me it was gross and this guy's got that like emblazoned on his
little flight suit the two civilians and so they start the competition and then
the civilians win and then these guys these guys win and they're like talking
like they actually just did something like they were really they treated these
military guys so horribly like the one like like yeah whatever like when they
went to shake their hands like they gave that kind of arrogant yeah okay like
yeah so you guys see you losers later handshake of course these guys won the
video game it's not an actual plane and these guys are like yeah we did it well
guys like dude we did it and he's talking about how much work it was work
it's like of course you guys are gonna win you guys are playing video games all
day you're home these guys are on Air Force base
the
their and they were acting like they were like
just other like they were pilots from another division
that happens to one
We put in the, uh, we've put in the miles in the air. We've logged the hours.
That's probably work at Best Buy.
I don't remember what they did.
It was five in the morning, Mike.
I'm amazed I remember this much about it.
If somebody out there can find me a picture of these two guys, holy moly, you gotta see these two guys.
Arrogance, 201, 209, nine, three, six, eight.
admittedly i would have uh...
clobbered any of them if i if you gave me
fifteen minutes with this game system
i would have beaten anybody
in fact if you gave me fifteen minutes uh... fifteen minute tutorial
in a real plane
i'd be uh... shooting down the uh... bad guys left and right
flying all over doing loops.
Maybe that's what I need for the next chapter of my life is something to
strive toward. Maybe I'll be like a blue angel.
That can't be that hard.
Did it be a blue angel?
FM you, you're on the air.
I heard you talking about how long you haven't paid your tax.
What can I do for you Stuart?
Well, I heard you talking about how long you haven't paid your taxes for.
How long have you not paid your taxes?
I have not paid my taxes for six years.
Six years.
Stop the clock.
Six years.
And what has led to this?
You know, schooling, working a little bit, not schooling, not working.
I was really just confused with when I should file and when I shouldn't, so I just decided
not to file altogether.
That's the right decision.
I think so. We'll find out.
Yes, we will find out.
You have a lot of income to report?
I don't have <E.D.> to report, but
I think I have to report the national amount of student loans that I've received,
so I'm not looking forward to
the end of that story.
You're in it.
I'm in.
Six years.
I'm in deep. We'll see what happens.
You're playing and playing with fire.
Oh, well, see, you'll find out.
My mother at one time didn't pay her taxes for about 20 years.
Really? And did she finally pay them?
She went to the IRS because she decided that she should do the right thing and let them know that she hadn't paid for 20 years.
And she was ready for the guillotine and they didn't do anything to her.
What did they?
They didn't do anything?
They didn't do anything.
They didn't charge her.
They didn't give her a bill or anything.
What?
So that's my role model that I'm working on.
So I have about 14 years, you know, left to work on this.
God bless you.
God bless you.
Get off my phone.
Look, I don't like paying taxes.
I think that's like a party?
Oh, I had a thing with my accountant once.
Holy moly.
I was asking somebody about something my accountant had done
and I sent an email.
I called him a name in the email, my accountant, sent to this other person, then I ended up
forwarding it to my accountant, forgetting what I had written.
Like I had gotten kicked back and forth between this person, and then I sent the whole thing
to my accountant, forgetting that earlier I had called him a name.
Oh, that was embarrassing, I feel like a jerk on that one.
guys like yeah well I'm sorry did that you think I'm a blank but uh oh Tom what
did you do that Tom low point that's a low point you know another low point is
this the show the flop straight up flop I gotta say I'm on a cold streak since
since the marathon I have not caught fire once pilot lights out I gotta say pilot
lights out on the show. I got nothing. Cold streak. Which leads to our next topic. And
The topic is, if you had the world's biggest spring, who would you put a top that coiled
spring to launch into the ozone?
Who would you launch into the ozone with your giant spring?
201-209-9368
No, that's not the topic
The topic is you have a shrink ray
You can shrink it down anybody on earth you shrink them down to an inch. Who would you shrink that 201-209?
9368 no, that's not the topic the topic is
Hot streaks, cold streaks. Hot is hot streak, cold is cold streak. It can be either about
yourself
or about uh... like uh... famous person
like you can say that uh...
like a frances uh... copola
that's a hot hot streak in the in the early seventies
that's as hot a hot streak as it gets
coldest cold streak
like uh... michael richards
that's a cold streak
that guy
that guy's on a eight-year cold streak
hot as hot streak cold as cold streak two oh one two oh nine nine three six eight
let's get those phones ringing
and you're always welcome to call up and talk about
your taxes
and how long you've gone without paying them we have six years
as the current benchmark
let's see who can beat that
two oh one
two oh nine
nine three six eight
hot as hot streak cold as cold streak
This is a cold streak, I'm telling you, I'm on a cold streak.
Color stink.
the
and idea for a netflix thing we can do also
as best show listeners has this been done uh...
i don't know if that prank show that's on uh... wednesday nights has done this
what's that called
prank patrol or something i don't know what that show is
but i thought we could uh... people of netflix accounts
what if we pick the absolute least popular movie
we would do it in this area maybe people could do it for different regions
because i'm assuming that they go out of different warehouses
pick the absolute least popular movie can think of everybody added to their
list
and then all you do
when you get it
inside the envelope
like the little sleeve
market
and then see if it goes around see if everybody gets it
we should do with stroke sick
how many copies of stroke sick the day they can't have that many copies
what movie should we do it with let's uh... let's figure that out
fm you you're on the air
hi uh... i heard you were talking about a professional video gamers before
yes and uh... who am i speaking to
uh... my name is mike
mike where you're calling from
uh... rigid new jersey
Ridgewood. Yeah, that's God's country. Yeah, God. I hope not
What if that was heaven? What if you what if you passed away, right?
Huh, and all of a sudden you realize heaven was Ridgewood, New Jersey
I'd hope I'd have another chance of passing away
Harsh words
So yes professional gamers. Yeah, there's actually a giant competition and the metal ends of past weekend
Yeah, lose it was it called loser fast not I mean, I don't know Red Bull came in they had a nice after-party Red Bull
Dude, these kids are making money. It's called the couch breakers
All over the metal lands
What's that you are you interested in hearing some numbers? Oh, I would love to all right?
So I got these there's this team. They'll call they're named a final boss
final boss. Yeah, they're about 21 23 and
And a 19 year old kid on there, so how many people are on final boss or are you on final boss now?
I know them though. Okay. All right, so winner lose they have a contract for two hundred fifty thousand dollars
For three years, so that's eighty thousand dollars. They're collecting
Yeah, that's without winning or losing each year. They went about a hundred thousand dollars
And what are they doing playing video games? Yeah?
and it's uh... and on top of that there's another guy he's uh... t-squared
he has uh... he just got a sponsorship from panasonic which
i don't know the exact numbers on that but he's collecting money from that
and then um... he also the company called gaming lessons where he teaches kids
to play video games and charges them like a hundred and ten bucks an hour
yeah i think that's a great it's great to see he's uh...
really contributing to the uh...
the betterment of of uh... today's youth
he was actually on the front page of the wall street journal about a year ago
they did a story on him and that he fit he fit on the front page front page i
mean i can look up the date in a couple minutes you know how many dots did it
take to draw that guy
how many what dot
uh... he's a pretty big guy he's about well there's a shocker
no not a fact i know he's fit
he's uh... please video games all day
but for most of these guys it's like they have to be marketable so it's like
they have to look more getable
uh... do you have no idea about apparently i don't
and i'm glad i don't
high
cuz this is a uh... up is down if that's the case
i mean look at it like what did okay when you were a kid what a kid grow up
playing like football baseball right
all right so like look how many little kids you know now who don't play
video game
how many little kids do i know right now that don't play video game yeah like
And let's let's say from the ages of like seven to like 50. Uh-huh. Yeah, how many?
Six six out of how many a lot more nine you know nine kids. Yes
No, all right. I mean, I'm just saying like every like kid that I've run into plays video. Yeah
It's kind of like that's the way it's going. Yeah, that is I guess that is the way it's going
It's gonna be like idiotocracy. Oh, I don't know we're heading towards idiotocracy
Alright, what's the difference between video games and chess?
Um, you wanna know what? Chess is stupid also.
Okay, chess is stupid, but you have to think.
All these games...
I've never played chess in my entire life, but again, I'll guarantee, if I played chess for two days, I would be winning awards.
Awards?
Yes, I'd be in these competitions.
All right. Um, I mean, is there anything else you want to ask? Because I mean, I'm pretty, I know a lot of like, uh,
Fisher. What's, uh, what was her, what was her name? Bobby Fisher? Yeah, what about him?
Oh, I'm not about like the video game thing, like about them making money.
Oh, the other thing, do you know the final boss guys? Uh, no, but you apparently do.
Um, do you know, uh, do you follow basketball at all? Sure.
Do you know the Gilbert Arena from the Wizards? Yes.
He's actually one of their chief sponsors, and he like writes them a paycheck every other day.
Well, that's fantastic.
I don't know.
I mean, that's the way it's moving.
Yeah, it's the way it is moving.
Toward the edge of the cliff, I guess.
Gilbert Arenas is going to have one thing in common with these final boss guys.
Now we're going to win a thing.
Oh what?
Never mind.
You're making me sick to my stomach.
Gilbert Arenas.
There's a gunner, Pete Marovitch, never going to win a thing, let's hang out with these
video game guys.
The guy's from Final Boss, who's that one the guy's from Final Boss?
Look, I think it's one of the guys from Final Boss, he's coming over here, FMU you're on
the air.
hello yes hi you don't I'm doing great how are you doing I'm doing pretty well
I'm glad to hear it I got something from the topic still so mad about that
video game thing yeah no I hear you got clearly wanted everybody to know that
he hangs out with the dudes from final boss yeah I don't really know what that
is you know final boss yeah yeah that's the way it's gonna be there's gonna be
50 years from now it's gonna be like oh you're good at real baseball what which
baseball the one were you actually move your legs to play it and the other thing
baseball is lazy to begin with yeah basically you stand in the outfield
all day yeah or you stand on the pitcher's mound or you sit behind the thing
the pattern. Yeah. Baseball is lazy to begin with. It's still too active. So let's get
back to business. Are you have something for the topic? Yeah, I do. Keep it short and
sweet. Oh, all right. Hottest hot streak? Yes. How about Neil Young? Mid 70s. That's
favorite era
name the albums
well uh... i would probably start uh... time fades away
and uh... on the beach
tonight tonight
uh...
would want to go any earlier with that would you
uh... could i could stretch it earlier wouldn't want to start that runner
earlier with uh... after the gold rush or everybody knows it's nowhere
and harvests
sure why don't we why don't we put his best albums in there
also
you want to know what though you are a hundred percent right
nearly always that that's a hot hot streak
conversely
conversely cold cold streak now
uh... stones uh... post uh... some girls
they haven't uh... done it since
that is you're right that is a cold cold streak
the rolling stones
unfortunate
young man
you are an exemplary call you've gotten the show off
uh... you've got the topic off to uh... fantastic start
no problem
my pleasure i will thank you and you have a good night
what how many times have you called before
uh... zero this is first all
hold on
what is your name again
my name is kasey from a story hold on kasey
c
a s e y kasey yes
you still the right from
i'm writing this down a story at
guess what casey
you listen to the show
i do i do you know what rookie of the year uh... is here
i've heard something about it yet i gotta say casey
and look
solely april
i know and we are dealing with a thin crop
this year
you got that one guy flamed out
steve
Hollywood and how you say you know the guy listens you got Julie and since
an adi I can't give her an award now a little scary a lot scary but now I got
this guy Casey he hit the hottest hot streak one and the coldest cold streak
and he knows the show I'm not gonna jinx it but I'm just I'm just gonna say
Casey from Astoria you keep up the good work I'll try I'll try I'll get it but
he's humble too. Good night. Good night to you. Oh thank you. WFMUE
Orange WXHD Mount Hope World One on the World Wide Web at WFMU.org. FMU you're
on the air. Hi Tom. Hi who's this? This is Brian. Brian from Columbus Ohio.
All right. How are things out there? Very well. You excited about the great
planes
i am excited about the great plane they're doing it again
they probably won't play here though
why not
i don't know if they're smart they want
no one here goes to show
uh... it's a bad vibe
it is that i'm that's too bad
well we're going to get to see them out here
i'm sure it'll be
it'll be
something it's going to be awesome
so uh... what uh... what can i do for you uh... tonight uh... young man
I got one for the topic.
I was actually kind of thinking about saying Neil Young,
but Casey beat me to it.
But I've actually, I think I've got one artist that would
fit both the hottest hot streak and the coldest cold streak,
in my opinion.
Let's hear, who is it?
Aerosmith.
First four albums of self-titled Get Your Wings, Toys
in the Attic and Rocks.
Yes.
Hot streak.
pretty much everything after that but definitely
like starting with
when they came back like poster on dm c permanent vacation up to present
day
hard to find a cold or cold streak than that
you
or a hundred percent right
they are uh... that's a cold cold streak
but they're at their most popular now
really sad
no they're not
i think they saw more records now than they did when they were good nobody
sells more records now
but that's true
don't worry
they're fine
the records everybody will remember or though the other ones that mattered
well you know what
good enough guys right
they made some money
you didn't like those records fine
neither did i
they found plenty of uh... dim wits who did
but they made more good records in a lot of bands exactly
Thank you.
All right, thank you.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey!
Whoa!
What?
Oh, sorry.
I just want to request a track.
What's that?
I want to request a track.
Request a track.
What do you want to request?
Well, I don't know.
The guy said it would be OK.
That's James.
Goodbye.
James, guess what?
You got James.
Before you even got to get into your little song and dance.
Go soak your toupee, you little creep.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hello?
Yes.
Hi.
Tom, oh man, I can't believe you were talking to the guys from Final Boss.
That's amazing.
Goodbye.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi, Tom.
Hi, who's this?
It's Tim from Ellensburg, Washington.
Quality caller.
It's a quality caller.
I
Have something for the topic. Oh, let's hear it
So hottest hot streak. Yes. I would say Evan dorkin at the start of the 90s because he was drawing like
18 drawing and writing like about 18 comic books and they were all great. Yes
He was writing for space coast coast at the same time Evan dorkin. That's an iron man
Definitely good guy
uh... coldest cold streak
george lucas after a turn of the jedi
return of the jedi wasn't that great and he hasn't made a watchable movie
since
you're correct
the one thing that it's really annoying with star wars movies is um...
how uh... how uh...
how cheap the the stuff looks already
yeah in any of those prequels all the of the the supposedly awesome uh... cgi
like kids can do that same thing at home now they were only like
only did it
it's like at the time you're like well that looks okay that that stuff looked
uh... pretty good i've never seen that before
now you have seen it before
the technology they uh... everybody caught up to it
yeah well he
that's
that's hot and
you know
the original star wars films
i mean yeah they have cheesy effects but you
still wonder like well how did they do the effects of cgi it's just like
Oh yeah, it's just some guy sitting in front of a computer.
And George Lucas comes in and goes,
add three more horns on that so we can
make an action figure that's slightly different from that.
You are a hundred percent right.
George Lucas,
you let us down. But you know what though, another thing?
It's all get past this George Lucas thing.
Yeah. Not children anymore.
Yeah. We can move forward.
yeah and i really you know i i don't even care about star wars anymore so
what do you care about what excites you
the venture brothers
excites me
you found the thing that speaks to you and you're happy
thank you young man
tim
two oh one two oh nine nine three six eight we're talking about hottest hot streak
and coldest cold streak
fm you you're on the air
it's um... it's a mirror and florida
samir and florida how are you tonight
i'm doing all right thanks for you
i'm doing pretty good
that's good to have
trying to put together the first half decent show i've done since the uh...
since the uh...
uh... marathon
uh... i'd say they've all been at least half decent
oh jeepers thank you
and you're doing okay
thanks samir
and i'm trying to hear you up
uh... appreciate it
all right so i have got another
i've got another cold streak
let's hear it
the topic and bit of a sacred cow but
robert deniro
that uh... it would use a hot as hot streak or cold as cold streak
i'm going to go cold as cold streak for
and i i looked at the uh... i am dp page and i'm going to say since
run in nineteen ninety eight
do you have it in front of you
let's go down the movies and i will say hot or cold after each one
all right
uh... well nineteen ninety eight was ronin which is for me the last one that
was pretty hot
then analyze this
cold
flawless
cold in ninety nine
adventures of rockin bullwinkle hot i mean cold
man of honor
that's the uh... diving movie
cold
meet the parents
cold
fifteen minutes
that's uh... robert in europe sharing the big screen with k-dog
kelsey grammar cold
cold for that combination really i know
the score
two thousand one cold
showtime
that's uh... eddie murphy
and robert in europe lighting up cold
in heaven
fifty by the c
shot in new jersey
i'm sorry i got to say this as free park cold
analyze that
cold
dot friend
i would say that that's the coldest of all the coldest that might be some
need some genetic uh... to epic scientist that's right that that's him in
rebecca romaine stamos
and i think great can hear it yeah there you go
that's it that's uh... regular who's who
yep gold
uh... shark tail
easy
you watch your mouth
worry you watch your mouth
oh i forgot that was the name of the movie
what's the name of the
cold
the bridge of fan louis ray
and another one
don't know what i'm gonna say cold
height and seek
that was also
real real real bad
the whole horror movie
yeah with spooky little kid in it
uh... and then
so what do you think i'll go down on cold
you're right uh... martin the invisible
uh... voice again
whoa whoa movie
after the invisible
arthur in the invisible
is animation he was the voice of the king
cold
and in theory that
the good shepherd
cold he directed that one of all
and started
didn't see it but i'm still going to go out on the limit say
cold that's right
then the only one that
there's a one called what just happened two thousand eight but i don't know
anything about that so i don't think that we have
samir top notch
top notch
thank you if you look at that thanks
that says we have a good week cares about me after the shows over
i like most of you vultures
make you happy for the uh... three hours that's good enough
they could go put me in uh... cryogenic storage for all you guys care
two oh one two oh nine nine three six eight fm you you're on the air
uh... yes
hey it was Abraham from Boston how are you Tom
i'm doing okay how are you Abraham
i'm doing quite well
uh... so i got some for topic let's hear it
uh... how to stop streak
i would say
uh... the symptoms
from like ninety one
to uh... when he's an eight-ended which was i think like
ninety seven
okay after that it's just been downhill since then but
you can't talk most of that stuff
it's just that so many great i mean i got that great daniel's writers who i
went on to
to the office and uh...
you know other uh...
it's a bit of it was just
it was unbeatable television back yes
and and can't tell
you know i'm beating the bread horse by saying this because everybody says that
but
you know it's
it's been
slowly downhill and then i don't even watch it anymore
i mean i don't even know if it's good anymore i don't know if i can't watch it forever
right
if it doesn't work for you anymore you move on
so
It's funny because they're like, I watched it when I was really little and I thought it was funny and now I go back and I watch those episodes that were on when I was little and they're still funny.
Okay.
I'm glad y'all and I'm glad that they're still bringing you laughs and smiles.
Do you mean that's sarcastic, right?
Oh, why would I?
It's a hard world, hard world to find things you like in it.
Hey, we have a beautiful world that we live in sometimes.
It's true.
Really, it's true.
It really is.
If only there was a song about what a wonderful world it is.
No, if only somebody could sing that, but it's a laugh.
So, um, have a good night, son.
Oh, thank you.
So great.
Cheaper, thank you.
FM, you're on the air.
Hi, Tom.
Hi, who's this?
This is Bonnie.
From Georgia?
Yes, it is.
How are you, Bonnie?
I'm good.
How are you doing?
I'm doing all right.
Good.
Everybody's favorite, Bonnie.
Well, you're too timed, too sweet.
I got something for the topic.
Sure.
Well, let's hear it.
Okay, well, it took a while for me to think of something, because I didn't really understand
what it was exactly at first.
But your wonderful call screener explained everything to me that I finally thought of something.
Mike is a good guy, isn't he?
He is.
He is such a nice person.
I like him.
He's got a good heart.
I have a hot streak. I'm not really sure if it's a hot streak exactly, but my
favorite author ever is Christopher Buckley, and Christopher Buckley, William
F. Buckley's son. He wrote Thank You for Smoking and Boom's Day, and it just
It seems like he's never written anything bad.
It's like everything I read by him has been like awesome.
Mike.
And I don't know if it's me on a hot streak reading,
you know, good book after good book by him,
or if it's him on a hot streak, you know,
writing good book after good book, so.
Mike, have you read the works of Christopher Buckley?
Mike said he writes thrillers.
He does not write thrillers.
Who's, who's the guy who writes those vampire books?
Yeah, he doesn't write vampire books, but it would be pretty funny if you did write one because I'm sure it would be pretty awesome.
Mike said he wrote vampire books. He's disputing your claim that he's never written a vampire book.
Okay.
What was the name of that book? Mike said he wrote a book called Blair Blair. Do you know that one?
Mike is no longer kind-hearted.
I think Mike's missing someone.
He's starting to ruin his own reputation.
But I was wondering, I had these horrible things I needed to tell you, I was wondering
to you.
Two horrible things?
Yeah.
Let's hear them.
Sure.
Okay.
Well, number one is that it's the saddest news of all, and I'm going to be gone all summer
at account as a counselor at a camp
so i won't be able to listen to the best show line well we're going to miss you
i'm going to see you it can be very hard to get through the week and i can do it
and then number two it i quit the praysman
so i'm no longer
you're no longer in a praise band
was that it was that a uh... complicated decision
no not not really i was it got a point where um...
It wasn't worth being involved with some things, you know.
I love the freight ban, but it wasn't worth being involved in the things I had to be involved
with in order to be in the freight ban.
The drama.
In any instance.
The drama.
Underline.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It wasn't worth it.
No.
Did the band break up?
No.
The sad farewell.
Did the band break up?
No.
They're still together and thriving.
Are they getting another, uh, tamperine player?
I highly doubt that but you never know I hope that I hope they don't you know why
because you are irreplaceable
well you're gonna have time to call us before you go off to camp oh yeah I'll
make sure and have a final call please do I will Bonnie thank you so much well
Thank you. You have a nice night and Mike go home to have a nice night also. Mike
Bonnie says have a nice night
Mike says what's it to you?
Okay, bye Tom
FM you you're on the air. Hey, I got this Thomas is Scotty. Oh
Famous illustrator. Well, no, I'm not
tepplin.com
I, uh, I got something for you real quick here.
Let's hear it.
Um, well, they were on a hot streak, but they're about to go on a very, very, very cold streak.
Who's that?
HBO?
What?
Oh, yeah.
New season of entourage coming back.
Yeah, that's about it, and that's not so good anymore.
Big love is the only thing I think they've still got going.
the wire curves coming back it is coming back yes
i thought that was over
well they don't have much
they do have the animated john from since an adi
i heard um...
that kid from uh... mtv is going to
be in that as a boy
uh... andy millinakis yeah that guy
i don't think so i did not hear him attached to that
well if you would know
i did hear that with the uh... indiana jones movie they're re-shooting the
scenes with shy of the booth
and putting andy malnakis in in them as is uh... as his sidekick
that the kid that was a transformers
i think so
i didn't see that
i gotta i gotta um...
quick apology to from ronay from last week
let's hear it
uh... she did not understand the family nature
of the show
and um... she deeply embarrassed
that she got gone to get another sample is going on and um...
so i just want to apologize for her
for her
for party mouth
scott i'd say i accept the apology
i'm glad i'm hoping i hope she's listening from australia right now only
because it comes from you because you've got cloud here
thanks tom
thank you you have a good night
fm you you're on the air
it's on what's up
uh... not a whole lot who's this
connor from
d c
how are things in d c tonight
pretty good
call from discord house
absolutely
you're in the discord house now
uh... namap
so i have
So what, you live in DC?
Get off my phone.
Don't know, Discord houses.
Learn a little history.
Yeah.
Go get the faith void.
High back chairs.
Learn.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi, Tom.
Hi, who's this?
This is Scott.
Scott from Birmingham, Alabama.
got from Birmingham, Alabama. How are things down there?
They're great.
Now, uh...
as a resident of Birmingham, you know what I have to ask you.
Is it involved with Clann?
No.
Oh, okay, I didn't know.
What is it like?
Oh, it's actually really a winchery.
Right now, it's been sort of summery for a week.
Now it's winchery again.
It's a little cold, huh?
Yeah, it's like a big five or something.
I got to put on your thermal robe
I am when shoes, two pairs of socks
And two robes
Three robes
Three robes, okay
Three robes in these chilly days
It is, we have to do what we can down here to keep warm
So what can I do for you tonight young man?
I have something for the topic
Let's hear it
The hot streak, I have a life loan
heights hot streak which is really childish correct unstopped unstopped
unstopped you just see his name attached to it you know it's quality good you
don't even think about it you're absolutely right yeah you don't got to
worry about this guy pulling a sergeant pepper no overloading it with too
much uh... nonsense
at all
no nonsense that's the thing i like that's the ultimate hot streak so far
village
who else can top it let's see
i don't know i gotta also a cold streak
what the alan
though you're right that is a cold streak
it's a massively cold streak you could even argue that uh...
his cold streak is as long as uh... billy childish is hot streak
almost almost
that that's uh... that's a good point
you get woody alan movies down there
i got them
they don't give you funny looks
we uh... we just got uh... the any hall movie uh... here
yeah just in theaters now
it doesn't be it is now
in Birmingham it's the weirdest thing i don't know if i get it though double
feature with uh... witless uh... relocation
Yeah, bad in that delta farce.
Well, that's just silly.
Delta farce is not in theaters anymore.
It is here, though.
It actually is here, I think.
Touche.
You're right.
Maybe it is.
Anyhow, well, thank you, Tom.
Thank you.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hello.
Hello.
Hi, Tom.
Hi, who's this?
This is Herbie in Philadelphia.
Herbie in Philadelphia.
I'm going to say right off the top, Herbie.
you're on thin ice
two weeks ago
two weeks ago you tried to uh... put it uh... you tried to uh...
it tell me what the topic was
uh... no time
and what topic were you suggesting
first world problems
that's right
so what what that behind this time what do you got for me tonight herbie
all right i've got a hot hot here
uh...
about ninety nine records
can't say hot as hot street could say the whole thing
that hot as hot
hot as hot yeah
well what do you want to get it out you know
fair enough
somebody emailed me and told me to layoff uh... you herbie
i really yes
you you have fans out there
well okay
so ninety nine records you like ninety nine records
yeah it did actually
was your favorite uh... song on ninety nine records of all time
Probably gonna be stretched by maximum joy
now, yes
Yeah, yes
Now we have now we have ESG we've got liquid liquid then Bronka
Bush Tetris. Yes all quality
Yeah, so that's what I'm going with
Herbie
Yes, you're on your way to recovery. All right. Not bad. You have a good night
Heh heh heh heh heh.
Why was that funny?
WOOP.
201, 209, 936, we are talking about the hottest hot streak and coldest cold streak.
F.M.
You're on the air.
Hi Tom.
Hi.
Who's this?
This is Stephen in Chicago.
Stephen in Chicago.
What's happening, sir?
Ah not a whole lot.
I gotta say Chicago and the best show.
Oh.
That's a love affair now.
I'm actually shocked that how many like during the pledge I was amazed at how many people from Chicago were coming through
I've got to get out to Chicago now. Yeah, you do man
We'll get some we'll get some nice food and we'll hang it'll be great. Where will you get the nice food from a different city?
Well, you're a vegetarian
You're a vegetarian, right? Yes. Yeah. There's a nice place called Soul Edge. That's pretty good
Uh-huh and another spot called the handlebar. That's pretty killer. The handlebar
Yeah, it's like bike bicycle friendly not tall bike
But you know bicycle friendly restaurant the workers there don't have handlebar moustache. No do that. No good
Not at all, but I have something for the topic. Oh, let's hear it. I have
Both a hot streak and a cold streak actually have two hot streaks if possible
Why if you disagree with one I come let's hear them
Cohen brothers
from blood simple up until
Was it man who wasn't there?
That's a hot streak. That is a hot streak, right? I mean
They put out some pretty great films within that stretch. I agree. Okay
Cold streak which was suggested by my girlfriend. Yes was
Black album on to right now Metallica
That is true even like in so much as they had a documentary made about them that is just an
embarrassing flame out first of all can I just say about Metallica they play they play the music
that they play is for children yes and anyone who's an adult should be well past that stupidity
dumb do you have to be to live for metal to be the answer to everything I think I think if you
have a nice dumb rage just dumb rage
if you have a if you have a have a decent uh... pallet is you know don't
subscribe to one thing you know
master
that
i'm just trying to never need to hear metallica
never need to hear that
lifestyle determined by that style
and so that it's embarrassingly funny
thumbs down
all right
thumbs down
okay tom well that's all i have for you sir
what do you what about the other hot streak
all the other hot streak i was i was only going to prop
you know proposition that if you disagreed with one of the hot streak
all right let's hear
uh... can
the first
five albums of cake by can that's a hot streak
more so than any other i think
personally any other crowd rock band at the time
it might be bold but oh i a year year year year you're not uh... you're not
I'm not unwrong.
I'm not unwrong.
Okay.
Thank you.
Thanks Tom.
Thanks.
201.
209.
9368.
Hot is hot streak.
Cold is cold streak.
F.M.U.
You're on the air.
Hi Tom.
Hi.
Who's this?
This is Jeff from Springfield, Missouri.
How are you tonight Jeff?
I'm doing well yourself.
Doing okay.
I just had one for the topic.
Jerry Seinfeld.
boom-boom-boom-boom-boom.
Yes, hottest of the hot streets there,
but I really think that I wonder,
I just wonder if he takes it personally
because he has to know that he's on a low street now
and he pretty much has only ever been himself.
He's never really played any character, so.
Well, he stepped out of the game, though.
Now.
Yeah, I suppose.
He did do the 30 Rock last season, though.
Yeah, well, was that an afternoon?
True.
One afternoon does not make.
does not a cold streak make
i've got to say jerry sinefeld hottest
that's a hot hot streak
but then he and then he uh... checked out
he's not in the game anymore
yeah fair enough i suppose you were right
anybody else
nope that's pretty much all i had
thanks money
all right good night you too
201. 209. 9368. We are talking about the hottest hot streak and the coldest cold streak that
someone may have been on. A lot of good suggestions. I think Billie Childish. That might be the
most uninterrupted hot streak.
I wonder if that Netflix prank would work.
Where if we all, what movie should we get?
What movie could we put on the thing where we're sure that every one of the Netflix warehouses
only has one copy of it
fm you you're on the air
a there from the trade
who from the trade
direct from the trade power things in the trade tonight there
i think you're going to try to go on pretty good does not dare call man
no dare call man it's not
you dare call man fan
uh... not particularly
uh... you can start home
you're shopping his uh... sneaker store
which stores
he owns a sneaker so i don't know where it is
probably haven't that's on you
you live there
right right
so that i get i got a hot streak though let's hear it
uh... the entire like
first boot hang album and all the that first run of solo albums
you know every one of them
name some of the solo albums to refresh people's memory ironman
ironman of course ironman
uh...
to call you know when you could kill the cuban link yep
return to the thirty six chambers
and you had all dirty <E.D.>
and uh...
you know after after that first run
got a little more hit and miss
You'll say Sally's, you know, turned out a good product, but other than that, it was
kind of hit and miss.
But I like the new stuff, the new loose hangout, and that's good too.
You know which ghost face album I did not like?
Bulletproof Wallets.
I didn't like Bulletproof Wallets.
And?
I'm not a big fan of Bulletproof Wallets.
I'm not either.
In a weird way.
You know, it's still okay, but you know, what's the other one you didn't like?
Not crazy about the new one.
It's definitely not my favorite. You know, I really liked the pretty Tony
album and fish scale a lot more. Yes.
I you know, and I downloaded no more fish, but I have never even really
listened to it. Just kind of like, you know, scraps.
There's some good stuff on it, though. Check it out.
And after Cold Street, yes, everything who we ball has ever directed.
Ooh, they bowl.
The guys who makes all those bad video game movies.
Yeah, and I mean no, you have to call it a streak cuz anyone else after they made that first of one or two movies
Would be you know out of the industry? He just keeps on putting them out?
You know and I mean I've never actually seen one what they all just look horrible, but you can nominate if you've never seen it
I think I can I think you can't all consensus that the we will move either all pretty bad
Let's go to the judge see what he says judge
judge giving a thumbs down sorry FM you're on the air hey Tom it's John from
Maplewood John from Maplewood how are you tonight I'm doing all right I forgot
liquid swords by the way you forgot liquid he forgot liquid swords did he
say liquid swords I don't think he did no he did not you know I think of
ghost faces also putting things out at a faster rate yes so that might be
effecting
the latest stuff somewhat
uh... slow down ghost
what that slow down ghost
i think so
um... another thing quickly i never got to thank you over the air for
reading the fan fiction quickly thank you are you're welcome
and other people are free to write uh...
uh...
somebody just said in the uh... chat
which people are the way can go to over at uh...
friends of tom dot com
somebody wrote that uh...
uh... somebody finally has the guts to criticize uve bowl
the guy who
it's just synonymous with bad movie making now
they can you neck out pretty far
so you're you're welcome john i appreciate you uh... writing that awesome
fanfiction people are welcome
to write more fanfiction if they want if they have it in them to write some
fanfiction
if i ever ended the uh... video content in the art contest
We could do a fan fiction contest.
You wanna know what?
I'm ending the video contest,
the art contest tonight!
I'm gonna end it right now.
You ready for this?
I'm ready.
I'm declaring winners.
Tonight?
Right now.
Winner number one.
Neil Newberman, and his poster.
Winner number two.
John Kay and Brian M.
Rambaki.
Winner number three.
Eric Y. School Bus.
Winner number four.
Very exciting. Can you believe it? Winner number four
Remembering all these now I'm looking at them
Kibble Smith
Puppet video
I don't know if I'm going to
win a number five.
Who did the video where it was like the
the fake song, the fake song commercial?
Who did that? Dorvid did that one?
Did Dorvid do that one?
Yes.
Dorvid.
Commercial.
winner number six
with three G's
I don't have the list in front of me, I'm not sure.
Who am I missing?
I think I got one here.
I'm missing.
I don't have the list in front of me, I'm not sure.
Who am I missing?
I think I got one here.
I'm missing.
missing I think I got one here I'm missing one two three four five six one
this winner number seven kick the Bobo and Emily best show book of memories
Who? That Petey's not winning. Petey doesn't do anything anymore on this show. Petey had
a good run. All the classics are gone. Petey, Burble shirt, they're all gone. That's right.
Converse is the world that poster
That one
Oh by the way sharpling sings that commercial was a dorvid and kick the bubble a two-time winner
One two three four five six seven eight
Eight. Eight winners. Is that enough?
Sounds more than generous to me
Anybody else will imagine this is not a this is a I want everybody to be recognized so that we could start the fan fiction contest
Which will go from now until 2011
That's right. That's a hot streak. Petey. Petey had a hot streak.
I thought it was coming back when he said that Arizona iced tea was healthy because it was from Arizona.
Thank you, John.
John yep two oh one two oh nine nine three six eight if I'm you you're on the
air hey hey it's Colin in Los Angeles Colin and Los Angeles how are you
tonight I'm okay little buns you didn't mention my video but everybody else is
better do you mean rock and roll dreams will come through yeah winner
number nine
i think everybody is a winner and i thought that's right that video was
awesome
you really delivered on that one
thank you
i tried very
well i've won for the topic
let's hear a column
uh...
robert altman in the seventies
hot and hot streak
okay like what movies
uh...
everything you didn't match
national
uh... mccaben mrs miller
three women
along the by
uh... history cloud
on every movie that in the seventies
a masterpiece
uh... and then the other sixty one movies he did
oh yeah and then that's called the cold streak is the next thirty years
are just
just garbage
i'm sorry that guy's a snooze i got a guy who's not
i like i like his stuff to a degree
uh... that does not uh... he does not uh... make me get up and do a dance
yeah uh... maybe yeah
he's got some i think he's got some really great movies but a lot of them are
pretty uh...
yeah they're just take them out after the first five minutes not really worth
watching
calling congratulations on your victory
oh thank you very much and thank you to everybody else you guys did great
humble
two oh one two oh nine nine three six eight hottis hot streak coldest cold
streak
fm you you're on the air
eight times listening to listen to calling from
los angeles
how are you doing tonight
i'm doing well how are you doing
all right uh... hot hot streak yes
pick star
yes
and it's still going
exactly unbroken
unbroken will it continue
with their movie wallie
wallie
i hope so
i hope so looks like it's going to be good
uh...
coldest cold streak yes uh...
well disney animation
since about uh...
emperors new group
that is a cold streak
yeah especially their their cg stuff
chicken little in the meat the robinson's and uh...
oh my goodness
yeah those are not good uh... not such a lot of movies
not so much
thank you listen to you are dead on
thank you very much
uh...
why did i go on
why did i go on
you know why
that starbucks was out of mug uh... venti cups
out of the cup
out of it
got like a venti ice bluby bluby bluby bluby
yeah we're out of the venti ice cups
you're out of them
well somebody get in the car and go get some
drive to another starbucks there's one every three blocks
driveover say we need twenty five cups
shame maybe by uh... one of those uh...
baby sizes
It's a flaw of my character to stop at a Starbucks, I know, but I need the soy.
I'm not going to load up on milk before I come here.
I'm drinking a thimble full of that stuff before I come here.
I'm going to fall asleep halfway through the show.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi Tom.
Hi, who's this?
This is Supercaller Erica from Baltimore.
you super caller Erica good good I thought of a cold streak let's hear it MTV is
having like a 10-year cold streak with the exception of human giant and a couple
of other things and by the way human giant tonight final episode of season
two right tune in get to see my rival on the on that my rival has a part in
that. Who's your rival? H man. He's a radio jock who does a show on a college
station. I will not mention the call letters of, but he is a featured performer
on tonight's episode. It's right. I do remember the radio show. Yep. Yes. Oh, my
handing me a piece of paper of course how could I forget winner one two three four
five six seven eight nine winner number ten sharpling on impudence remember that
video yeah Emily and we did the art yes that's Emily was that Emily and who
else. Was that kick the Bobo again? I don't know. And that guy, that's him. That makes
him a three time winner. This is like his Titanic. Except it won't go down. When it
goes up, exactly the same with Titanic had wings. Erica, thank you so much. All right,
I'll talk to you later. You have a good night. All right. FMU, you're on the air. Hey Tom,
is Rory from Philadelphia. Rory from Philadelphia. How are you tonight Rory?
I'm doing well. I love it. I love it. What's going on down there? Anything exciting?
Ah, not too much exciting. I'm pretty quiet here. Just watch the fillies move. What do
you listen into tonight? Electric Love Muffin? Exactly. I'm going to say for
Hot streak yes, I'm gonna say Bob Pollard in the mid-90s
Name the albums
2000s alien lanes under the bushes under the stars and a million eps
random phones
Let's do it. Yes, you're a hundred percent correct. I don't know. I'm saying he's on it right now, so okay
So it goes straight through all right
Cold Street can go back to Neil Young. Neil Young in the 80s. He did all those great
albums in the 70s and then it just kind of hit the wall and couldn't really do
anything. I mean he was doing albums in the 70s they never released and then the
80s just couldn't do anything that really fit. Name some of these bad Neil Young
albums to refresh everybody's mentality. My mentality. Old ways. I like that one.
that's a pretty good album life oh that's a good one I like landing on water
also yeah that's a pretty good one with hippie dream yes hippie dreams that's
a great song and I've got a suggestion for the the best show DVD I just I just
rented the Pink Point that bears it's apparently arriving from Seattle the
only copy they have travel
really all that's perfect
one that they have to send from across the country
yeah so it might be the one so why don't you let's let's uh... why don't you
go on the message board you know the friends of tom message board
i am yet are you registered member
yeah i'm on there i think fernstein
why don't you go on there fernstein
and start a thread
and put that will will see it will vote on will see who comes up with the
best suggestion but that's a great one
we need one where there's only one copy of it
i think that might be the one
i also just uh... put on uh...
gg alan hated
though i imagine that's not the one where they probably have one copy but
some creep in uh...
arizona something probably has it
and they're not going to return
you're i i think that uh... said barret one sounds like a good choice
thank you
have a good night i know you too
fm you you're on the air
a time to edit
all ready
rookie of the year eddie
that's it
how are you doing tonight good
uh... waggart tonight
uh... or really
tried to look down
bob teasing
uh... i think uh...
underrated kind of hot streak
uh... kinks
from uh...
sixty five to about seventy one
sixty five to seventy one name some of the albums again uh... kink controversy
yes
face-to-face yes something else yes village green yes sir yes lola versus
palmer yes and mozzarella bill is yes then after that they started getting
into all that preservation stuff but that was a straight run there consecutive
albums I thought it was pretty good look I like preservation one preservation
act one yeah that's not perfect yeah but I like the second one was pretty that's
That's the one I can't abide by.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Soap opera.
Not one of my favorites.
No.
School boys in disgrace.
Not one of my favorites.
No.
Um.
Everybody's in showbiz.
Not one of my favorites.
Yeah.
Low budget.
Low budget.
They kind of got back on target a little bit more.
Yeah.
Sleep poker had one or two good songs I think.
Yeah.
Um.
But after low budget, I don't think there was much left.
Give the people what they want.
Yeah.
Yeah.
word of mouth that was that wasn't much to speak of that had that song come on
let's do it again do it again but that was a good run in the 60s speaking of
do it again Eddie you do it again every time you call I love it can I give you a
cold streak yes even though he died a couple years ago but basically the last
thirty years of his life uh...
hunter s Thompson was pretty
pretty worthless i thought
after running really hot there you know
i i know what you mean i you know what though i i feel it's like
yeah i i still think there's stuff worth reading but it's it's not uh...
pretty slim it's not as inspired
and uh... just two quick sporting
hot streaks sure
uh...
Boston Celtics
bill Russell
era yes
and uh... john wouldn't know you see a late ruins
yeah those are hot streaks
cold streak in sports
well chicago cubs
what do you mean
but i think that one since
well like two thousand eight
i'm not sure about that didn't they win like uh...
didn't know that didn't they win in like uh... ninety nine
didn't win everything
but cubs yeah
i think so
no
you sure
you're a hundred percent sure the cubs didn't win it all in ninety-nine
the Yankees won it all in ninety-nine
let me check
and we have no it's been in the real long time for the cubs
uh... says the cubs beat the Yankees in five games
five must have been ninety-nine world series
well yeah
semi-socior cubs can't get them all uh... eddie
right nice try thanks eddie
f.m. you're on the air
a what's going on Tom
uh... not a whole lot just doing a radio show
cool
what's going on with you
uh... nothing nothing this is charlie and often
charlie and austin
how are you
pretty good pretty good i got things with the topic
uh...
i have the person i got is both uh... it's both a cold streak and a hot streak
let's ask you something
okay do you ever heard of these video game superstars
i'm sorry to bring this back from an hour ago
i can't shake it
video game superstars go over their fit
all your their fit
guys working out in the gym where i do work in his thumb out
i haven't even heard of that
guy like that the only thing you can hope for a guy like that
to be a walking out of uh... mcdonald's and uh...
and uh... slip
And then he's the only way he can either eat it on his face
or he protects it with his hands
as he realizes,
my hands, my hands,
they are, I can no longer weave magic.
Look, I don't wish you a pain on anybody.
But a young person making lots of money,
playing video games,
and deserves a dose of real life.
out again. You know what though? Let them win all the money they can. There's no
way that's lasting. They're gonna burn through that money so fast. Maybe I got
to get into that world. What's a good game I could work on? Get really good at.
Make some of that video game money. What's a good game I should do? You could do
this. You could go back to the Donkey Kong thing like those nerds. Maybe I'll
do that maybe I'll be one of those nerds maybe does anybody know any of those
nerds from King of Kong somebody's got to know somebody yeah Billy Mitchell
got a touch of kill screen coming up maybe I want to check out we got a touch
of Donkey Kong kill screen coming up so what do you got for me sorry to cut
you off no it's fine of course it's fine it's a it's a cold street
began a hot streak.
What's here?
What is it?
A thermos.
And what's that?
Wouldn't a thermos be on the ultimate hot streak and cold streak?
That's a good point.
That's true.
Well, my thing is like the thermos of the topic.
Ooh.
Yeah.
Segway.
Let's hear it.
It's M-I-A.
You know, M-I-A, right?
Rapper.
Yes.
Hot streak because, you know, the albums are pretty good, I think.
cold streak because both of the live shows
you know not so much
i think i think she's actually on on like uh... saturday night live or
something
with a little bit great
she has not been on saturday night live
somewhere somewhere where it was somewhere
yeah somewhere
sounds like you're operating with a faulty playbook
off my phone
guys gonna throw uh... m i a under the bus says you're not a good live
performer he's gonna know what he's talking about this is on a Saturday
live or something well with some show oh some show what's that mean fm you you're
on the air hi Tom hi who's this Emma from Toronto Emma from Toronto how are
things in Toronto tonight all right they're kind of cold a little um a little
chilly for spring
it is cold
are things new jersey
well you know what
how many people
mike who who i've spoken to over the weeks and months
i say how are things in columbus how are things in los angeles
uh... who has ever said well how are things there
no one
thank you well i'm i'm glad that i could have provided you with thank you emma
You have manners I'm I'm actually fine things are fine though. Don't be nervous. Just relax
Because I have something for the topic, but the thing is that it's not really mine. It's my dad
Your dad I didn't I didn't have anything and then I was gonna go to bed
Uh-huh and then as I was like headed to bed hold on a second. Yeah, you're in the same time zone. We're in here
I know. What time do you go to bed? What's that? It's a school night. Well, what time
schools start? Four in the morning? I have to get up at like 6.30. It's ridiculous.
I live like an hour away from my school so I have to get up and I have to have breakfast
and have a shower and then I have to take the TTC. You want to know what? Fair enough.
You have put me in my place. So what did your dad come up with? Well, he said guns and
roses because he said they've been on a cold streak but they've also been on a
hot streak so they sort of fit both and the thing is that I was nervous about
calling in with that because I don't know a whole lot about guns and roses
so I was been looking it up on Wikipedia and reading it while I was on
hold. Yes. In the Wikipedia article and it actually looks like they kind of fit
both those things. They were on a hot streak for a long time. They're on a
very big hot streak and they've been on a very big cold streak and now they're
Yes, they're on a very very cold streak. I
Um, I did find out through this Wikipedia article this thing with dr. Pepper you heard about this? Yes
That if it's Guns N' Roses release their album this year everybody in America
It's a free can of dr. Pepper everybody except flash and buckethead. Yes
Which I thought was a little mean of dr. Pepper like who are they the judge? Oh, no
I those two guys can afford a can of dr. Pepper
You're probably right. I hope they I hope they've released the album. You know why cuz I love Dr. Pepper
I do
How are they gonna check though? Like if people have collected their I'm telling well
That's a good point and I'm looking forward to it cuz I'm gonna rip Dr. Pepper off
So much with that. You're just gonna go into a different like 7-eleven. I'm gonna go into everyone I can
I'm just gonna have a fake in my car
I'll be like like when OJ had the fake mustache and beard in his car
I'll have all this stuff in my car. I'll go in with the fake mustache. Oh, yeah, I'm here for my free dr. Pepper and
then
Then I'll put on a crazy hat I'll be like yes, I'm here for my free dr. Pepper
But you got to be like really careful with that like you got to have a system and maybe like a map where you mark off the different like
Corner stores you've been to with pins because you go into the same one with the same hat
I know what I'm doing. Don't worry down here in America. We have this thing called Halloween. I
Don't know if you've ever heard of it. It sounds vaguely familiar American thing. Yeah, Halloween
And when I was a kid I was the master
At going to the same house more than once we'd find a house that had good candy
Yep
Time after time I'd go up. I
Had costumes. I think I had a bag full of candy
I had a bag full of costumes.
You're just kind of shoved the candy in the bottom.
Exactly. I'd have the ghost. Turn the ghost inside out.
Be a different color ghost.
Then take the thing off. Put the pirate hat on.
Put the patch on.
Then put the patch on a different eye.
Then I put the beard on and then I'm in Pirates of the Caribbean.
He had Pirates of the Caribbean when you were a kid.
Yes. How old do you think I am?
I don't know. I heard you were like 64.
I'm going to be 64.
Okay. I'm sorry.
And Pirates of the Caribbean was something back when I was a kid in the 50s.
Oh, I see. So then they just remade it.
That movie is a remake. Have you ever seen the original?
No, I don't think I have. Who's in it?
Do you know who Ronald Reagan was?
Kind of.
Well, he was an actor before he was president.
Did you know that?
I was aware, yes.
Yes, but I didn't I didn't know he was in the original Ronald Reagan was in it and Carrie Grant was in it
Do you know who that is? Yeah? He was in it and do you know who Humphrey Bogart was?
Yeah, all at the same time in the in the fifties. Wow. Well, they were all in it was a superstar movie
Imagine it wasn't black and white, right? It was one of the first color movies actually is very exciting. Wow
And it also had do you know who Laurel and Hardy were?
party was in it just just party yes what happened to Laurel I don't think he may
I think he auditioned but he didn't get the part that must have been hard for
him the weird thing you know who did get the part
Abbott oh my god and Costello got you know
Costello was on that one it was weird it was Abbott and Hardy and then Laurel and
Costello actually went off and did their own movie.
What was it called?
I don't remember.
I was not a fan of Costello.
Sir, I was putting you on the spot a little bit there.
I don't expect you to be like the movie database or anything.
Did you ever hear that routine who's on first?
Yeah.
It's funny, right?
It's hilarious.
It's not funny at all.
No, it's not.
Thanks.
All right, you have a good night, Emma.
I don't want you to be laid for school tomorrow.
I think I'll be fine.
Thank you very much, Tom.
Thanks for calling.
OK.
Bye.
Not gonna say we've had two good rookie-of-the-year callers tonight Casey and now Emma in Toronto
Yeah, all of our
These Canadians are taking all of our jobs
Fm you you're on the air
Hey Tom good evening. How's it going? It's going all right. Who's this? It's just Frank from wehalkin Frank and wehalkin
How are you tonight?
I'm all right.
How are you doing this evening?
I'm doing OK.
Well, thanks for asking.
Let me grab my notes real quick.
I have a few, but I'll shorten it down for you
for the cold streak and hot streak.
Are you doing a speech?
No, no, no.
I just want to be in the air.
I want to be prepared.
I don't want to sound totally unprofessional with my ideas.
I love it.
There's a new breed of color.
Some of these other steps could take a lesson or two.
People with notes, people rolling with the calls,
people having fun, people asking me how I'm doing.
Manners, nothing rude batch from the previous administration.
The lorries of the world who don't ask only about themselves.
Has Lori ever asked how I'm doing?
Never, never.
I only care about themselves.
Proceed.
I'm just going to compliment, I've been learning from the best as I've been listening as they've
been calling in and trying to get the best advice as I can as to the proper way to call
in.
But for my hot streak, I would have to go with Apple Computer.
They've been on a streak for 98 probably now.
I don't know if you remember back then, I don't know if you talked about your trusty
Mac book every once in a while when you travel, I don't know how long you've been, but at
One point they were at rock bottom. They're about to go out of business
I remember I used to work in another company
I told my friend to to sell all the stocks and then they started this right let's turn around with IMAX
I was not the guy who went broke with this stock. Is it what you're not the guy who went broke?
No, no, no, no, I didn't even have stock in it
But I got I haven't really gotten to the market, but you're not the guy who's like guy hurts
Stock and then it went broke. I sold it and lost all my money
money. No, it's not me. Good, good, good. No, I still have some money. But yeah, they're
my hot street because they've just been on a continuous hit street. They haven't seen
them flop yet. And like, I mean, I'm not a fan. I'm rooting for him to go. I'm a big
fan, been following it for a bit. You know, it's a flop, though, that stupid, thin
computer. The air. Yeah, you know why? Like, Oh, it fits in. Look at the envelope. It
fits in. Right? It's not very security envelope. Yeah, we're gonna blow it up like a mallet
Someone in this out there trying to say you can mail the computer all over the place
Yeah, let me start it down spiral. I hope not the other thing, you know what?
Can't do everything on Wi-Fi yet. You can't it's just not fast enough
There's just say there's places that don't have Wi-Fi you go to a certain hotels. They don't have it I
Get some hotels. I've been there for like mode imports on the room. Yeah, what am I gonna do?
go to a fancy schmancy hotel with my macbook air
and then they uh... they get i can't get on the internet
well i'm sure you think triple-a hotels it's not that big a concern for you
though triple-a hotels
you know the high-ranked ones
that's not how a hotel's ranked
how do they have four stars i'm sorry there you go triple-a hotels triple-a
i have triple-a discount that's what i'm thinking about my hotel what do you
said what do you think i'm uh... uh... anton chirg
staying at some uh...
place like that
type of place uh... you stay at us in the door knobs getting blown off
people hide in suitcases and air conditioning dot
so what do you have is a cold streak frank
welfare culture got to and maybe you could pick the one you'd like most out of
it i think one you may take offense but i don't mean an offensive way would be
terrestrial radio it seems to be on a call
How dare you how dare you I don't care I mean I know you're part of your trade is radio
That's why and the other one with music sales in general like they seem to be on a downward
How dare you that's not true
No, you're absolutely right
And those are the two I have in Britney Spears, but that's an obscure one. I guess
hmm Brittany Spears is an obscure one oh I mean that's not what I want to be
recognized what I talked about what are some of the more popular ones what are
you listening planets thank you Frank you're a good guy FM you you're on the
air hi Tom hi who's this this is Kevin and Brooklyn Kevin and Brooklyn what part
of Brooklyn flatbush flatbush how are you doing tonight Kevin I'm doing great
Thanks.
Welcome.
I've got a hot streak and a cold streak.
How are you Tom?
Go ahead.
Let's hear it.
Sorry Tom.
How are you before I proceed?
I'm fine.
All right.
Hot streak.
Yes.
Fugazi.
Fugazi.
The limo company.
Excuse me?
The limo company?
No.
Fugazi the band from DC.
Oh.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes, yes, I mean as far as I can tell a career long hot streak
You know starting off with
Weighting room and I really dug the last album and everything in between if not always stellar at least solid worth a few listens
They've been brave yes, and now they're they are they're on some sort of indefinite hiatus
Yeah, sadly in fact, you know
I would I would I would go so far as the thing that you get like I was basically on a career long hot streak
I mean, minor threat came and went, you know, burnt out before they faded away.
And the untouchable before that helped were good.
And even like the weird side projects, or the egg head or something like that, and...
Egg hunt?
Egg hunt.
Egg hunt and tail head.
I actually haven't looked in the tail head.
But, yeah, it's always tough all the way through.
You heard they're getting back together again.
I've heard that like pretty much every year.
Oh, no, no, it's definite now.
The only one who's not back on board with the reunion
is the drummer.
Oh, Brendan Campey?
Yeah, but you know that guy Ray Cooper, you know who that is?
No, I don't know who that is.
He's going to be drumming for the minor threat reunion.
I might know.
Yes.
What?
I just read it on pitchfork today.
Oh, that's really depressing.
OK, I kind of respected them for not getting back together.
Well, they're doing it.
uh... well here we go
so what else you got
cold streak uh... silly corgon
post uh... post
i really want to say post signing stream but uh... i'll be nice and they uh...
post uh... not going to defend this because
well while patchy i guess they're there there are some hits on there
that hits big deal
i mean good but by it i meant that more may uh... in a casual sense thumbs down
on the bill core and i'm sorry thumbs down and thumbs down to you
fm you you're on the air
i thought this is that
dave where you're calling from
i am calling from it to do you work
uh... but i'm actually from mountain lakes new jersey
what can i do for you dave
uh... i have a
hot streak and a cold streak for you
let's hear them
hot streak is bob dylan
from the early sixties to uh...
about the mid seventies with a desire
so the hot the bob dylan streak starts with
what what i want the times they are changing
uh... or freewill and actually what i was thinking
the freewill and album
yeah and goes right through what another side of bob dylan
and i think desire did pretty well didn't it
well that's not the next album he did
well that's like i'm i'm talking all the way up what i'm track
a mike which album did he do after another
no mike says desire was the album after another side of bob dylan
okay and which one was not right
said uh... then it was bringing all back home
then highway sixty one
then knocked out loaded
then he did that dylan and dead live album
then he did blonde on blonde
that's a good one i like yeah
then which one came next
shot of love
and then um... john wesley harding
well mike knows this bob dylan
did you know this is something mike does not want anybody now
you know the rolling thunder review
now i haven't heard of it
mike was in that
he played he played kungas
tell me more
well you have to ask mike
he really doesn't want people to know about it
yeah point
this guy just said on the thing
your hot streak includes the album self-portrait
and what it what does that mean
what does that mean
i think not about that
what are you talking to someone else at the same time
are you familiar with the album self-portrait by bob dylan
uh... not entirely you might want to check it out
and then the redraw your hot list
uh... your hot
fair enough and i have i have a good cold streak that's here
uh... the american dollar
and
it was a
u s a
who was saying
u s a
u s a
fm you you're on the air
hi tom this is eric and amsterdam
how are you eric
doing great
hey uh... i had a hot streak and a cold streak
let's hear it
hot streak
ted lio
last three albums
people are going to say more but i really really love the last three albums
and i saw this weekend in Dublin and it just reinforced that where are the
last realms again you have is uh... living with the living living with the
living uh... shake the sheets yeah parts of oak
those are the three that uh... tyranny a distance in that
I have not given that one the chance to probably deserve
Gotta put that one in there. All right, trust it for I will because he've hoed four in a row
He's and I put in a little Ted Leo anecdote about the show in Dublin. Sure. Let's hear it
It was a great show
Not really a full room, but you know Sunday night. What can you do? Mm-hmm and
I mean, really, really no lack of energy from the band at all.
Drummer drilled a hole in his drum head.
Big Steve.
And yeah, big Steve and Ted had to carry on the show acoustically for a little bit.
Well, they did that, but there was no loss of momentum whatsoever.
No drop off.
No, not at all, no pause.
And at the end of the show, Ted comes back just by himself, no guitar even,
a piece of paper in his hand
asked the irish audience if they would mind if he's saying a song in the irish
language
and which is why english
which is english
there is uh...
irish is a little language
yep stop making stuff up
uh...
uh... well
uh... tell himself can verify this next time you talk to him maybe but a lot of
many more
and falling out
or really
yet about that
that's too bad
the Irish were actually kind of cringing at the idea
most people were shouting no don't do it because they're very protective of
that they don't
they don't want to
they don't need to be coddled that way is what they're thinking you know like
don't do it for us
but he did it and he nailed it perfectly
and it's a hard language too i mean that's
it's it's infinitely hard
i've got a lot of people in ireland can't
go to university because they can't pass
irish would you have to learn it but what is what i've been told
so uh... he nailed it everybody was just went nuts at the end of the war
stick you know
shoving their hands in the air to go and you know just yeah
i hope that everybody came up and asked me like does he have irish roots
i hope he does the same thing here he can maybe do a song in american
thank you
fm you you're on the air
yes this is me
yes it is you
this is mark from Livingston
mark from Livingston how are you
nj
uh... he's how raimas
is had a great hot streak yes
uh... national anthem radio hour
and ctv yes
early years
uh... howl house yes balls which maybe you can
discount but it was a hit
and i don't know about that
uh...
catty shak
stripes
goes both through the back to school and then of course i guess it
sort of tapered off it takes stripes off that list of
really take stripes off the list
get off my phone
have them you you're on the air
yes uh... hard streak uh...
uh...
uh... heaven he he held
uh... mob rules
the uh...
uh... live evil
that's uh... what is that uh... what band is that again
uh... let me get this
the straight you
you uh...
you are uh...
you are the day of the idea that one of the black Sabbath is
okay
but those okay that's like i took you to school
but that's that's that's that ronnie james dio era black Sabbath
yeah
because i i didn't consider that that's not my uh... absolute
favorite era of black Sabbath
or you know that that that is that
the black side that had such an impact on Greg in and this compact comp um comp comp comp
compatriots in black flag uh-huh so that yeah so that i i i i think that that should
should count for something all right and i want to uh the uh how you say cold cold cold
Cold streak streak streak. Yes. Oh you spell
S T R E a taste streak for me
S T R E a K streak T R E a K K K. Yes. K
You were talking about Bob Dylan. I wanted maybe ratcheted up a little bit
it. Empire, Balask. Yes, he knocked out loaded. And there is one that rivals you were talking
about self portrait down in L groove.
Down in the groove that I forgot about that. Doesn't that one have a song he wrote with
the Robert Hunter from the Great for Dead, Silvio.
Is Silvio on that?
Silvio. Silvio, Silvio and Silvio Gold, yes.
Yes. See. See.
That's right. That album, yeah, those are...
Seems like he lost his way during that stretch a little bit.
There is one interesting track which is called
uh...
ugliest girl in uh...
uh...
ugliest girl in the world is that what it is
safety and uh... but it features uh... steve john's e-pole possemano
well i i didn't know that
oh it's easy yes
what is your name caller
you know this is no
i recognize your voice i'm not placing it that i i would hope you do we've
I've talked several times. I feel like I've given you much spirit to guidance.
Okay.
It's Bishop Fontana.
Oh, hey, how are you? Yes, that's why I recognized your voice.
Oh, sure. How are you doing tonight, son?
I'm... Okay, I'm doing fine.
I have a favor to ask of you.
Sure, what is it?
I wanted to know if you had any kind of in with the pope.
With the pope.
Yeah, I kind of lost my in.
You lost your in with the pope.
Yeah, you know why, right?
I don't, you're not going to make me bring it up and explain, are you?
I think you had, you had some weird.
It wasn't weird, don't judge.
I'm not judging.
You don't judge me, you know why?
Why?
Because I judge you.
You judge.
Okay, you judge.
if i i i would if i was still um if if they re-instate me but i got uh you know
frocked i i got frocked yes no defrocked oh it's
frocked no you wear you're wearing a frock i'm wearing it now yes
actually it's not so much my thing but it's a smock i will cut some painting
now why that's okay neither here nor there
So yeah, I'm not part of the church anymore, but I still have, because of the apparatus,
I got caught with my apparatus.
Yes.
It was kind of a strange situation.
Well, you know, it gave me pleasure.
It gives a lot of people the various pleasures.
Mm-hmm.
Have you I would be got to show you the rapper at some day if you like always want to turn people on to it
Hello, hello. Okay. Well, that's fine. That's that's your business again. I'm not I'm not here to judge
Anyway, you know, I'm basically I'm persona. I'll gotten from the Catholic Church now
persona what I'll I'll get on persona non
Grotta what is that it is I mean
And when you say you are persona, all Groton, is that what you said?
Yeah, that's, that means that, that is a, that's a, how is that a way food is prepared
is all Groton.
I want to take this to call screen, screen a Ricardo and see what he has to say.
His name is Mike actually.
I don't think so.
Mike, all Grotten is the way you prepare food, right?
Yes, Mike.
What's that?
With cheese, yes.
Con cheese, I see.
Well, OK, I guess you learned something every day.
Yeah, well, yes.
So you're not persona all Grotten.
You're a persona non Grota.
Well, they don't want me to be in the church anymore,
But I still want to get the Pope, you know, the the iPad that I promised him he touched down in Washington DC today. Yes, how do you saw on the news?
Mm-hmm.
Little missed. He did not do what is, uh, how do you say that, uh, oh, the Pope's who was who came before him?
is predecessor
that address yes
he did he did not kiss the the top of the tarmac
like they did
okay
when he got a little little uh... put off by that way
are you
well does anybody have anybody have a reason why is it is that did he say why
he did not do that
i think i know why
why is that
he is not see
he's a not see
don't you think so
uh... i i i i look i'm i have to say on a
personal level i'm not a fan of uh...
the fact that this guy has had
that that of all the people they could pick to be pope
they picked some guy who has who has such a
a uh... questionable past to be to be to be talking about the spank bank
that no i don't know what would be here to be uh... in his uh... no i'm
uh... the real uh...
closet i'm not talking about that i don't even know about that but i do
Okay, well, everybody was talking about it. Yeah, we're gonna move forward. I know I can't well
Okay, so I can't get to him to give him the high part and you you know how I wanted him to come to new bridge to
To you know bless the sinkhole. Yes, he's not gonna do that now. Okay. I thought maybe there
There'd be some way to get to him to give him the I thought maybe you could do that, you know
I don't know it would have to be syrup tissues
What's that?
It would have to be syrup tissues.
Syruptitious?
What's that?
I think it's what you're trying to say.
Syruptitious?
Yes.
Syruptitious?
Syruptitious.
Syruptitious, actually.
It's two words.
It's one word.
Syruptious.
It's tissues like you blow your nose with?
No.
It's definitely syruptitious.
You don't correct me.
do you know why
because you correct me
ask benji the call screen of what i have why you don't correct me
uh...
i'm going to
or what mike do you know why uh... mike mike is uh...
is that benji's assistant
no but that's the only guy that's there who he does all of
the call screening
so it is first night
no it's it's the guy who has been there for a for a while
okay it's uh... you know you mean served dishes which is like uh... to do
uh... secretively or exactly exactly fear of tissues
anyway
let's uh... we should move on
absolutely
uh... possibly move moving on
yes please ok well uh... i have some uh...
you know i have some big news
if if uh... you're ready for for it
i am ready for it
are you are you for a bit
sure
you have helmet on
i do yes
what color is helmet
uh...
well i was thinking i figured of the i have a helmet on the uh...
described
rap to me
i don't have an actual helmet on
or so you were lying you're lying to basically you're lying to god
no i was not lying you
what
that's going to cost that will cost me well well
I'll take my chances because I meant it a certain way.
I'm going to throw my my papal beanie into a ring or the mayubinatorial contest in Newbridge.
Okay.
Oh, yes.
So, wait, you're going to run for mayor?
Absolutely, yes. You'll hear all about it when you come to my pancake,
you know uh communion on sunday a pancake communion yes why i didn't know i've never heard of that
i'm it's the first one that they're ever going to have or and it's going to be in my backyard
okay yeah because they don't let me go to church no more so you're holding an informal
pancake no it's totally formal it goes for four hours okay and everybody has to stand for the
four hours
they basically worship me
for four hours absolutely yes you'd be there yes uh... i uh...
most likely no i will not be please
uh...
now i i really don't think i can please
uh... no i can't call screen or Sherman
will he be there
mike
are you know mike said no
mike is also in the race
Mike is a candidate, yes.
Well, you know, the service I would do,
it would be pretty, you know,
it would be hardcore, you know, kind of Catholic.
But I'll also do an economical ceremony too.
A what?
Economical ceremony.
I don't wanna follow what you're saying.
Yeah.
For the non, you know, non-church going people,
more like for the, how you say, the layman.
okay so you'll do a shorter version
all it's for the for the other people that are not so much into the church
economical
you may be yeah like you mean
you mean uh... what what might i'm not sure what word he's trying to say
an ecumenical one
what is that
you know what i don't know either
i'm with you
okay
uh... we're both in the same boat here
you know who's going to sing a song at it
who's going to speak of thought
who's that
you
he's one of my best friend
uh... he plays in a band that you've probably seen
he speaks in a band i should say i have no idea who
oh come on
i don't know
start between stations
boy's e-girdle here in america
or don't tell me you don't know boy's e-girdle here in america
is uh... is that is that uh... the whole study
keg fin
crag fin from the whole steady
yet your friends with that guy
you rockin dummy
okay
and sorry
i didn't realize i didn't know your friends with him
Don't you remember? I left on my talk to you. He was talking about how he's going to write a song about the cinco
Oh, that's right, but he didn't write it because I didn't pay him. I didn't like his song very much
Okay, yeah, I wanted him to be I wanted him to like rock it up a little bit. Mm-hmm. Yeah, kind of like Big Dipper
You want him to rock it up like Big Dipper? Yeah, you're going to the end of the shows. I'm gonna go to Maxwell's probably
You're gonna go see the Big Dipper reunion
like I got my tickets yeah I probably will go yes I know a little
secret about you what's that you are big fair you you're right line or no yeah
I can't talk about that okay okay what's your favorite song by them put mine is
Lincoln you like hey mr. Lincoln it's off a <E.D.> yeah I like mr. Woods but what
I like mr. Lincoln I can't talk about this that's like putting what was the
So you put your peanut butter in my chocolate.
Yeah.
It's just like that, no?
It is just like that.
Say it.
It's just like that.
What is?
The thing that you...
What?
Okay.
Okay.
I'm just yanking hell chain.
Yeah.
It'll chain.
Okay.
So can I count on your support?
Vote for me?
Because I don't think a lot of people are going to vote for me yet.
because they still have not gotten over the shame that they thought on this
community and the church. That is true. I have not chosen a candidate yet and I'm
waiting to see everybody kind of weigh in and I... Are you going to run? I will not
be running for mayor now. I think I know why. Or why is that? Because you could
probably not get 37 signatures. I'm sure I could get the 37 signatures. You
You wouldn't believe how many times when I'm taking the confessions?
When I took the confessions just before I got propped?
Yeah.
A lot of people talk as he had to bow about too.
About me?
You see?
Yes.
Okay.
Great.
They don't like you or the show.
I just say, oh, you just don't maybe know Tom.
He means well.
He's sorry.
He is loudmouth.
okay great but you know he plays mostly good records except for red cross which
I think he plays too much yeah you don't like red cross I like early stuff
our team babes team babes from Monsanto you like I like I like a net got they'll
hit mm-hmm but the latter stuff when they got was a lot of jetty on the
keyboards that I don't know I don't like so much what about neurodica do you
like that one on the rolling piece kelly pop i thought it was good he uh...
i don't like the robin heckard well
i do like robert hecker yeah
i felt that like he got too much uh... i want to watch it what is the name uh...
run and read damage
at that point
at that point when he
held the guitar up too high
okay you didn't like the is yet but it is just personal opinion
yes
yeah well everybody you know you're you're entitled to your opinion
oh geevers are i thank you i don't i don't know i thank you for for uh...
letting me have uh... my opinion that that that means so much to
to uh... uh... uh...
of thought uh...
uh... i was not know i was not questioning whether you had were allowed
to have an opinion
ok
of what may
of you yes i'm beginning to think that uh... that might uh... the people who
who confessed to me maybe right maybe tom is is uh...
terrible and should be put
uh... great you want to know what
everybody if i've heard of her before i'm sure i'll keep hearing it
well if you will definitely hear it if i get elected
because my father's order of business
are you to get
it's probably something to do with me getting uh... hurt or killed or something
or you'd be hurt and then killed yes
and it doesn't worry that i've heard it so many times
really
well what does it feel like to know that no matter who get the elected you will
probably put the death on that first date
uh...
i could i can i can only take care of
of the stuff i take care of control of stuff i controlled that i cannot let
it worry me
Okay. Oh geez, I gotta run. I think I see Officer Adams coming at me right now. Hold on.
What do you want?
I did not even make any kind of motion to you.
I didn't say anything.
Oh no, here he comes. Oh no, he's coming after me.
Oh no, I can't run in this rope.
Oh, I see you on Sunday at the pancake in the loop.
Hello? Oh, we lost him. Wow. Bishop Pablo Fantana. FMU, you're on the air.
Hey Tom, how you doing? Doing alright, who's this?
This is Eric Holland from Clinton, New Jersey.
Eric from Clinton, New Jersey. What's going on tonight, buddy?
I had one for the Netflix movie. We should all rent.
What is it? Jandek on Corewood. It's a documentary about Jandek, and I'm betting that Netflix only has one copy.
you think so
uh... my friend rented it
he lived in Baltimore and he got the same copy as me
they were both on the east coast and it's not that crazy but still
i'm betting they only have one
pretty good i'm gonna say
put it up on the message board
we're friends of tom dot com
alright i'm putting it up there
we're gonna pick a uh... we're gonna pick a uh... movie that we can all
uh... rent through netflix
and we'll put a little mark inside the uh... sleeve
so we can say hi to each other
can i do one more thing to them
uh... sure let's hear it
can we push the uh... bob dylan
uh... error up through a under the red sky
mean the hot streak
yeah the hot streak
really
can we include the song wiggle wiggle in the hot streak as long as we're
as long as we're including the boogie
well they've been crazy i can't i can't cut into that
i can't cut into that
just got an email from uh... nate
saying that uh... the ultimate cold streak james
i agree
fm you you're on the air
a job it's my command and you do it
doing okay how are you mike
a little bit sick but uh... felt like i had to participate tonight thank you
had to uh... do my part
as a listener
i had something for the topic
let's hear it
for uh... for hot streak
i got no question i'm going to have to go with prince
seventy nine up until
whatever back and think that
dude was insane
good music
prince that's a good one
and uh... where did it stop again where did it stop
uh... i'm going to have a topic in uh... i guess what eighty nine and i do
with uh... the batman movie theme bat-dance
when you like that song
you didn't like that dance
i did not like that
did he do other records beside that
art fair enough
uh... you know he he got a little bit of steam like later on with uh... what
diamonds and burls
uh... cream
i'll give it to him but
for uh... for cold street man
no contest i think the early movies of tom hanks
i'm amazed that they gave that guy work after uh... they kept giving a work
after that the party
like name some of the movies
Uh, the burbs, uh, Turner and Hooch, uh, that's the party, like I said.
Oh, Joe versus the volcano, you know, just, uh, yeah, although you're missing one in
the middle there, splash.
I forgot about the splash.
Yeah, that's no good.
That's no good.
You're insane.
Just, uh, I don't know, man.
You know, you're right.
You don't know.
Get off my phone.
I don't know man splash. I got in like splash
FM you you're on the air you have like flash James got James
He's on the ultimate cold streak you know it's on a cold streak also
That guy spruh Steve from Hollywood
That guy's on a cold streak
F. M. You're on the air. Hi, Tom. Oh, hi. This is Adam in Brooklyn. How are you? What's
that? In Bedside. In Bedside. How are you, Adam? I'm very good. Thank you. I have something
for the topic. Let's hear it. It's the two M. J. This is Michael Jackson and Michael
Jordan okay nine to eighty seven for Michael Jackson and then Jordan until he
left to play baseball is a fairly dominant figure there and then they both got
cold hey you're right Michael Jordan never got it back again did he became
human yeah became human except for those three championships he won after he
came back from baseball. You know nothing. Get off my phone. Guy won three before, won
three after. The reason greatness recognizes greatness. Look, Michael Jordan, I have no
no idea who i am
but if he met me
he'd see it
he'd see the aura
he'd give me the nod
fm you you're on the air
hey tom it's evident problems how are you i'm doing okay how are you i'm doing
very well thank you
uh... one for the topic uh... for a cold streak
let's hear it okay
uh... it would be uh...
comic strips in newspapers
across the country
pretty much sense uh... bill waterson
me and galvanize
means since they started
uh...
on the street started
well like
like way like way back when
you would have a gasoline alley
gasoline alley
you know i guess we now
i don't know gasoline alley
yeah it well i mean that's a weird one but i mean there's like this of like
crazy cat and stuff like that but
uh... i think it would i mean it had
it used to be a a filling point for a newspaper than now i feel like it
just something like
every week out of habit people still pick it up and read deal but you know
dillbert or i like dillbert
you do you like dillbert
it was like stuff drawn on like uh... posted notes and stuff like that
i think that's pretty well drawn uh...
uh... comic strip it's pretty good you pick up like a uh... any big pen and
just get something out it's fun to draw the characters I think I agree it is fun
to draw those characters do you wait do you draw Dilbert I have you have sure oh
wow I'm sorry I didn't mean to make fun of it then you know what I you know what
I don't like is Garfield yeah I don't know why why that because it's stupid
well yeah everybody showed me I used to love it up until everybody taught me
that it was dumb
it is that i i used to love it too like a cat who loves lasagna i thought it was
really funny and then lasagna cat lasagna cat told me it was stupid
well those guys finally clued into the fact that uh... garfield was terrible
something found garra lasagna cat
if i finally figured it out
yeah but i was i was thinking about it because i was thinking charlotte shilt
actually had a hot streak early on
he was
he he he figured it out actually you know he
he was doing the
comic strip about about kids that was really dark
which is kind of what childhood is like at least for me i don't know what was
the cold
uh... peanut okay
yeah you've
have you heard of it
i know um... i don't think so
it was uh... uh... sorry uh... you may know it's Charlie Brown yes yes
okay yeah yeah
that's not going to talk about
okay
but anyway yeah i feel like he had a hot streak there for a while and he
kind of petered out and i thought it was called trial and all those that i keep
talking that's fine you keep talking i'm sorry that's right you keep doing your
own show
that do is uh... it's called a conversation
sorry evan
but you over-talked me
you over-talked me
nobody over-talked me
get sent to the negative zone you over talk me
it'd be a plate of glass spinning around the galaxy
fm you you're on the air
i've learned for the topic
but how are you tonight
fine how are you doing great who's this
i'm a worry
lori from
a buffalo
lori from buffalo a new lori
no the vary
vary
how do you spell your name
uh... it doesn't matter
well i'm asking
i'm curious
well it says the name that can't be spelt
what do you want to do the topic of cold street
all right let's hear it
a parental term
okay you like him
on all the uh... he he got james
no that's not getting me getting james
some woman
saying that i got james
is not me getting james
yeah exactly
what's that is a little crew
to pay gang
as probably the woman who sells them as the wig glue
the only friend he's got
F.M.U. you're on the air.
Hi.
Hi, who's this?
This is Daniel from Chicago.
How are you, Daniel?
I'm fine. How are you?
That last one.
That was such a bummer.
Did he really say that you got James?
Yeah, she's out. I got James.
That's like me calling up.
I might as well call people and go,
Hey, I'm just calling this is Brad Pitt calling.
How's everybody doing tonight?
I'm not Brad Pitt.
James he's she's not James
That was very weird, although if she's friends with James
Yeah, that's that's her own nightmare. That's your nightmare lady
Do it do it. Hey, hey, it's me James
Call up and then say you got James
Call up and say you got James. They'll be funny. I'll buy an extra two percent week glue from you
What can I do for you tonight, Madam?
Oh, I had a hot streak.
Let's hear it.
Michael J. Fox from 1985 to 1990.
He was in Back to the Future.
Yes.
And Back to Future 2.
Yes.
And Back to Future 3.
Yes.
That was a hot, hot streak on Wednesday.
Yes.
And you could predate that streak way.
The show he was on, the TV show he was on.
Oh you mean a family tie? Yes. That was in the middle of all those. Yes, but it started
earlier. I didn't know that. Yes, you did. It's true. Okay. Well, then I guess it started
with family ties then. And kept going. And they kept going. I don't want to talk about
any cold streaks with him because you've got health problems we feel sorry
for him yes yes I had such a huge crush on him when I was younger boy you like
them huh you like that the acid wash jeans yeah I thought he was cute at
denim jacket the puffy white sneakers he was like the good bad boy I guess he
was the good bad boy. He was like a good person but he dressed like a rock star. Kind of like
one of the Jonas brothers would be now. You like those guys? Who's that? Get with it.
Come on, you gotta get cool. Jonas brothers. That's the good stuff. FM you, you're on the air.
Hi Tom. Hi. Hi, this is Herbie from Philadelphia again. What can I do for you Herbie?
well yeah I got cut off earlier when I want it will never get that didn't make it
ah.
ah back up.
I'm I
That monster
Yeah, that troglodyte
The only thing I gotta say about that guy that's that's that's one. That's one where Jersey comes up short
The fact that he's from like Union
He would that's a he's root 22 trash. He's that classic root 22 trash
fish. FMU you're on the air. Hi, I was calling with a hot street cold street. And what's
your name? Kim from Tampa. Kim from Tampa. How are things in Tampa tonight? Oh, Dandy,
a little chilly. How about you? Doing okay. It's hard to get a handle on the weather
up here yeah sorry I gotta say I'm looking at the chat this guy Wes this guy Wes
is one that he's uh he's as funny as you as you can get this guy so what can I
do Kim yeah you have what he has for me well I don't know I mean it's we are
David Lynch crazy hot streak crazy cold streak and then Inland Empire was hot
cold in the same movie. I can't bring myself to watch that movie. I don't blame
you but if you there's about a 45 minute period it starts out slow and then it
gets really good for about 45 minutes. It's kind of like he took everything he
was trying to do with Mulholland Drive and improved on it and then it just
falls apart. Now lay out the hot and cold streak for me if you could Kim. In terms
of inlender his career. In his career. Okay well there's Elephant Man, Blue Velvet,
Twin Peaks wild at heart hot hot hot hot and then you're not putting a racer head in that oh god
Yeah, okay. Sorry. Yeah a racer head and then around fire a walk with me just gets kind of horrible
Mulholland Drive kind of hot and coldish and then and the Empire just kind of spooky. How many times have you watched a racer head?
Watch it and stayed awake all the way through or yes, I
I
Watch it and snip it. It's one of those movies. It's got a weird tempo. It kind of
It's like a snake charmer. I fall asleep. I wake up. I fall asleep. So that's what I picture a home movie being like at
You know if
Stevie blue was showing home movies
Will be not on like a racer head
Yeah
I start throwing these guys under the bus the the past regime. They're all gone
purple shirt PD who else who else Mike
Chris and Gorda the Canadian guys they were Hall of Famers those guys are in the
Hall of Fame I miss them but we got to move on we got to move forward
Stevie Blue used to be a big caller not anymore not anymore anything else Kim
not really just that I'm concerned the Jan deck on Corwood proposal the movie
that we passed around yes I love it it kind of makes sense but it's kind of
too cult at the same time because I just I actually recommended it to
somebody like two weeks ago and because namely because it's a bad movie but
But also because if you watch it back to back with reading the Erwin-Chasid kind of
rip apart John Deck essay, which is hilarious, if you watch him back to back, they make
sense.
But I mean just the fact that it's kind of in my lexicon makes me think it's too cold
to be passing around.
We kind of need a worse movie.
Have you seen what this guy, this Jan Deck looks like?
No.
It looks like Ted Danson.
Well, wait, maybe I have then because I picture him to look like that.
So I don't know if I've read a description or if I've actually seen him.
picture like quite the albino kind of like that again to some of them so
basically
this guy's built this uh... mythology up uh... over uh... twenty five years
or jandak what do you look like
what you look like
okay it looks like ted danson i would picture across between scott walker and
a blinkin and that kind of ted danson so i probably have seen a picture of him
i thought i really think that i probably know you're you're dead on kim thank you
have a good night
thank you to come
fm you you're on the air
yes you
uh... i'm sorry for my first time i'm a little nervous relax buddy relax what's
your name
uh... mad uh... from faveville arkansas
how are things in faveville arkansas tonight
no they're just great i got off work about an hour ago just
enjoying the evening
join the evening
the cold beer
yeah
been here in my bedroom no this is not that guy is it no well that guy was from
South Carolina just sitting there in your bedroom with the cold beer yeah
it's been a hard day you had a hard day yeah I had a nice scene like I'm a senior
so my last semester at college and I had this huge assessment course I had to
take today so now the rough dude you got through it though right yeah with flying
colors on my dad. Just like me doing this show. I didn't want to do this tonight. You don't think
I wanted to go home? Well, I came here. And the tonight show is a one topic wonder. This is one of
the ones. This is one of the ones when you show how it's done. One topic straight through. Magic
like a lightning and a bottle. It is. What does that mean?
I'm not sure. But I got one for the topic. Let's hear it. I got a
hot streak and a cold streak and a hot streak. Yeah, is Neil
Ennis from about 1968 to 78. Yes. Sort of like from the
beginning of the Bonzo dog dude up and to about when the ruddles aired yes straight
through and and uh and maybe even after that but I think he kind of thought making music
for the most part after about 1980 and who's your cold streak it's Marlon Brando about
the last ten years of his acting career what aisle of dr. Moreau well and the score
I guess like these those are love them or hate them yeah I'm not a fan of those
either I agree with you all right well that's all I got oh thank I appreciate
thanks for the call FM you you're on the air hey this is Sarah from New Orleans
Sarah are from New Orleans how are you tonight I'm good I got a suggestion for
movie that is terrible that every one of your listeners should see
is this something we can do for netflix i think we can do it on my cue it's
called the apple
and it's from
the airwind disco rain supreme and they thought it would never end but it's
set
in the wild future of nineteen ninety four i think that movie still might be
too popular though
you think yes
all man it's phenomenal and i i've been waiting for it for like three weeks
put it up on the thing then put it up on the message board
okay i will and i wanted to call back because uh... i was supposed to have
dinner with uh... mark eyeball that's right
how did it go
i think he's a fan of your show because he didn't show up
what he heard from craze pavement fan was going to be a dinner and uh... he
was late
he did not hear that
you know i actually i think he's a big foodie
and so he came to town to eat and
he didn't want a home cook meal and went out to a nice dinner
actually what happened
it's a foodie what i mean he doesn't eat it mcdonald's
yeah he won't eat mcdonald's he doesn't want you know
food cooked in my friend's backyard
you want to know what this foodie thing
all right got to stop with the foodie thing
it's on a hot streak right now though
i'm a foodie or what you want to do it
well-prepared food
I only eat things if I know exactly what the soil content was when it's growing, so...
No, of course, that's not true.
That's called everyone, like...
Alright, well, have a very good night.
You too, thank you.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi, Tom, this is Nick from Norwalk, Connecticut. I have something for the topic.
I would love to hear it.
Okay, I have a hot streak and a cold streak. Hot streak.
new order in the eighties singles yes yes very good
they're just all phenomenal i don't think you can also say about cold streak
uh... frank frank odd at the director
uh... i don't want to i've been way too long since i saw
uh... what about bob for me to remember whether it's good or not so i'm not
gonna start there but i will but i will start with house sitter
can't start with uh... what about bob that movie's great
okay i'll go i'll revisit it and we can borrow my slicker
uh... but after that it's just how to their the indian the cupboard in and
out
both finger score stepford wise
it's just a real rough period in there
cold streak
sounds like that that's a classic cold streak
well uh... well uh... spotted young man well spotted
thanks you have a good night you have a great night
four minutes left in the show
where's the time go huh
where does the time go mike
how does the show go by that quickly
congratulations to everybody who won that in the best show uh... art contest
All the Champions, Emily, Chris, Colin, Neil, John, Brian, Eric, Daniel, Dorvid, Greg, Emily.
I can't remember who did the Tom versus the World poster, but you're a winner too.
Next contest, fan fiction.
Bessio fan fiction.
I can't wait.
Three minutes left for the final calls tonight.
Are we without small change tonight?
Really?
What happened?
Is he okay?
He's doing a corporate event.
doing a corporate event
men
plan for men in tonight
Toyota
got to do it now
two oh one two oh nine
nine three six eight i'm just going straight through
two and a half minutes
Let's do it.
Let's do it.
Filling in for small change tonight is, of course,
Duncan is going to be filling in for him.
Right, Duncan?
Duncan will be here.
What's the name of your show, Duncan?
Special moments in the evening with Duncan?
Special moments in the evening with Duncan.
Beyond tonight.
Now, in all seriousness, it's Evan.
Right?
Yes. No. Charlie. Charlie T. It's going to be here holding it down. Oh, look at all the
calls. Don't screen these. I'm going to blast through these like nobody's business. FM you're
on the air. Hello? Hello. Jason from Jersey City. Jason from Jersey City. How are you?
Oh, you know. Up and down. Champion. This guy's a champ. Hall of fame. Nobody beats Jason.
It's like the whiz.
I've got a hot streak.
What's the hot streak?
Eight years.
Yeah?
That's Sean WFME.
That's right.
I was waiting for somebody to say that.
Why do you think I even did this stupid topic?
It's the only reason I did it.
Wait for somebody to say no.
This shows the hot streak, Tom.
Fishing for compliments.
Thank you.
Well, I didn't want to fish.
I wanted to throw it out there and see who ate for somebody to put two and two together.
Thank you, Jason. You're the only one who gets it. You're the only one. You're a little wing
heel. I hope you're a little wing heels. You're a little wheel heels.
Thank you. My sweet English friends. I may have been the only one to say it, but I'm
sure everyone feels it. They don't. They don't want this show anymore. Yesterday's news.
Everybody wants to hear what Duncan's got up his sleeve. Now in all seriousness, Clark
It's his name.
It's coming up next.
Clark, St. Louis, who's it?
I don't know what it is.
Thank you, Jason.
Thank you, good night.
Three calls in one minute, watch this.
FMU, you're on the air.
FMU, you're on the air.
Yeah.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey.
That's it.
Hey, indeed.
I love it. That guy was on hold for 15 minutes just to go. He get hung up on like a common
animal.
WFMU restart. WXHD Mount Hope World Wide and World Wide Web at WFMU.org. Little Billy's
got a show planned for you that is going to knock your socks off. You got all kinds of
equipment over there. Look at that. What is that? Is that a Sarato?
No, sorry, it's a barynger.
A barynger?
How much did that cost?
$200.
That didn't cost $200.
That cost way more than that.
No, that's why I bought it.
It was cheap.
All right, fair enough.
My doing CD2.
To get us started, best show will be back next week.
Thanks for listening.
Friendsatomp.com, keep the party going.
Here comes Victor!