And this is W.F.M.U. East Orange. W.X.H.T. Mount Hope. W.F.M.U. Dot org.
That's Radio Show, ever.
Hey, who's this?
Well, I'm in British Wales, Governor of Alabama.
Hi, it's, uh, Gerald Perlmutter.
Tom Sharpling, Governor of Party.
Hey, Tom, it's Purple Tour.
Hey, Tom, it's Mark Michaels.
This is Richard Card, Richard Card.
What's your name?
Baron.
Baron.
Inside the two.
By your surprise.
Maurice Kurt?
Horrifying.
Hey, Thomas Bruce.
Howdy.
Who's this?
Genji Vitus.
Yes, they have Rick Feloni at the wall.
I guess who was.
I hate you.
It's Peter.
Hey, it's Steinberg.
Mm-hmm.
You are creepy and I'm hanging upon you.
Boing.
Roger Douglas.
My name is Ollie Fairnock.
I'll say it.
You'll hear it.
You'll do it.
I'll get it.
You'll learn it.
I'll live with it.
And you'll die without it.
Smash your trash.
Good day.
What's up, Tom?
This is Tristan.
Hey, this is Tom.
Yes, Tom.
This is Jim Riffle.
How you doing?
When I get to do the toilet talk now.
The bar feel is a new century.
My name is Tom Riley.
I'm calling from New Zealand.
Hey, man.
It's Bryce.
Hey, stop staring.
That's a tent pole.
It's a tent pole show.
Hey, this is Tedlia.
Whaaat?
This is Pete from the Future.
Hi, Tom.
It's DJ Terry Chase.
Hey, from Knoxville.
Super Kohler.
It's off the top.
My name is Mike Zajak.
Get off my phone.
My phone, I don't care.
Hey, this is if you can, man.
I'm going to go to bed now, by far.
Hey, Tom, it's Gordon.
Hey, Gordon, how are you?
I was in a band in the early 1990s.
My name's Jerry Page.
Tom, why need this, uh, Jeffrey Ludell?
It's a fat disease, wilder right in the night, isn't it?
The disenfranchised, never home now.
I'm the hero of the disenfranchised.
I've been through the streets of New Breeze
Got you down, down to the left
You choose the name in any block
It's time to heal your hands
That show is all that you have
That show is all that you have
That show is all you have
Thank you!
I'm sitting in your eyes
No time for telling lies
Just you, white and sick
I've been calling group stages
I've been watching you, I'm waiting
It's your turn to look at me
I'm drowning but you think I'm waving
I'm drowning but you think I'm waving
I found it but you think I'm waiting so you just wait back at me
Time is running out right at the burning out
Everyone look at me
I wanna disappear and live far away from him
But you're fish in the sea
I'm drowning but you think I'm waving
I'm drowning but you think I'm waving
The evening's of you just wait back at me
The evening's so confused
The abuse of all of you is not lost,
but happily
Can't experience
bringing connection
on your destiny
I'm drowning but you think
I'm waving
I'm drowning but you think
I'm waving
I'm drowning but you think I'm waving so you just wave back at me
I'm drowning but you think I'm waving
I'm drowning but you think I'm waving
I'm drowning but you think I'm waving cause I'm true
Fall, out to sea!
When it happened, someone smacked inside, made me walk behind
Oh, I know, I want my own
Hey, I still have time to stand with my eyes just tight
Didn't want to see you, feeling what they're having
I can't take it out now
I'm trying to stand the way
I thought you were
I thought you were
I went up my life now
Baby
You made me
Whenever I want to do
I ever want to do my girl
Look at you
Look at you
I'm sorry, yeah, yeah, yeah
Okay, yeah, it ain't, it's a nail of verse I might be the best ever but I'd rather you
tell me first I was trained for the title
My music spits volumes, hear me? My clothes, reek of any.
Loner, I don't speak the many, it's over.
Time is up, keep your pennies.
Haters wanna eat my food and you muck up.
I wonder why I keep my tools. Think about it.
The hood is a firing range.
Young kids hide in the brain and miring gangs inside
The bigger side and ride on them.
Again, breakdown will put light in the swisher.
Blaze that cush, get high with your sister.
When the pots consume copper room.
Get a drunk, made in love to a dog, you're too sensitive, and you're new brother-in-law
Yeah, blow the horns on the horns on the rain supreme, and let it storm on them
So I'm on the news for five, it's when we swarm on the water, walk on the rock, and load it, raise one, run it, walk on them
Blow the horns on the horns on them
Blow the horns on the horns on them
Yeah, blow the horns on the horns on them
So high, I need a fan, and you're so not, you need a fan, you're beat so wacky to ban
Now, in fact, you need a hand to clap to you
Or an open hand slap to do
At least, I need you to rap cools, you're no contest for the ruler
Cold and snow, but much cooler
Who the old man winner woulda took her to match it
But those it won't close up in your jacket
Play hero and get burned like matchsticks
You spit that crack, bitch, so keep that wackish
I'm in the league of my own
Bully on the block, you can breathe when I'm gone
Go on, gotta love it, they boyfriends don't dope
When I'm in town she a no car, no show
Your sensing, no denying
She gon' be back home till I'm on the plane
Yeah, blow the horns on the horns on the rain supreme
And let it storm on the water
So survive, it's when we smoke on the water
Lock it low, then raise one run and one run
Blow the horns on the horns on them
Blow the horns on the horns on them
Yeah, blow the horns on the horns on them
Oh
You never told her your love has shown me things
I never thought I could see, I didn't know
It could be done and so easily now I know
Now I know
Your word is for me
Some time in the evening
Press it in there by the fire sun
And you'll touch me
Have you realized how much you never knew before
How much you could have seen
In the morning long
It could be done, so easily now you know
She's all girl could be
No
In her childlike eyes
You see the beauty there
No, it was always there
And you would need no longer where I've disguised
Time and time at the morning
You were just reached out and she would be there
Close as the summer is
I
Fm you you're on the air. Hi Tom. This is Arthur from Murray Kentucky
How are you tonight doing all right Arthur from Murray, Kentucky the time sticking? What do you got buddy?
Well, I have been a big fan of that show for about the past six months and just recently
I went to the trouble of downloading a real player so I could go back into the archives
and check out from the beginning that show and it was a little bit rough but I got to
say it's really picked up since your comp wait hold on what was rough sorry what was
rough just you know like all things in the beginning there there's some stuff that's
to work out what what like what
uh... somebody just said on the uh... chat yes the chat over at friends at
home dot com you went to the trouble of downloading real player
i did you are an american hero what it was a really hard they're clicking on
download now
i'll tell you what it really was because i did it twice
um... and i'm at home on my back i did it
Yeah, yeah, yeah, first of all, you're showing off that you got a Mac. I did it on my Mac. Whoa!
Well, that was my Mac. My Mac is- is your ABA box, so...
No, it's not. You take that back. You get off my phone!
You do not insult my ABA box like that.
My Mac is your ABA box. Now, I've got a Mac and an ABA box.
My Mac is not my ABA box. I got one of both. I'll throw my Mac out on the street
before i'll uh... even uh... look crooked at my alba box
that's a lot exactly
let's draft the law right now
that's right
do not
do not
be smurched
that the right word be smurched
the alba box
i was going to say in any way shape or form but i'm just going to say do not be
smurched the alba box
Boom
There is a hand in debate
Don't wait for the distribution of the new
Show!
Double U F back at you
The best show!
Double U F back at you
The best show!
Double U F back at you
The best show!
It's war!
It's war!
War!
War!
Whoa! Holy moly! Showtime ready. Showtime. Oh, Showtime. Good heavens. Showtime. Unbelievable.
How does that happen?
How does that happen already?
Oh!
Whoo!
Don't believe it.
Oh!
Let's do this!
Best show back again. Another Tuesday night, Stravaganza. Three hours of
Mirth Music and mayhem. My name is Tom Sharpling. I'm the host of the best show
on WFMU now and forever. They've tried to replace me. They can't replace me. They
tried. They failed. I'm not going anywhere. You can't get rid of me. You can't get rid
of me. Best show for life, right, Mike? That's Mike's new tattoo. Best show for life. He
just showing it to me. Got it on his ankle. It's kind of bummed out. I thought he'd
get it on his, on his, uh, guy puts the tattoo with the, uh, the, of a zoom showing the red
band trailer for Tropic Thunder on his arm, puts the best show for life tattoo all the
way down on his ankle. 201, 209, 9368 is the number. That's the best show in WFMU.
201, 209, 9368, making magic all day and all night. Three hours a week. Good heavens,
there's lines flashing already
we just heard the monkeys
from the album more of the monkeys
the uh... the uh... exciting to disc version put out by the uh...
rhino corporation
sometime in the morning
you may be saying to yourself tom that that monkey song uh... that was not uh...
that was not uh... do i have to do this all over again uh... long title
with peter torx singing
tom that was not uh...
that that was not uh... the alternate version of girl i knew some of from
somewhere
uh... with uh... mike nes miss singing
the tom that was not laugh
with uh... daby jones singing
as a micky dolens vocal on that
micky dolens is in the hate pit what are you doing tom
we'll get to that in a little bit
before that hot stuff
from a guy i would actually uh... uh... call a hero of mine
mad lib
and the best producers uh... going
i get to done
mad lib
be conductor
quasimodo
all the stuff you can't stop this guy
from the he put out uh... an album it's part of the uh...
that bb series uh... where the uh... different people do different uh...
like a little collection of of of what they're all about he put something i
call wl i b a m
king of the wig flip
where he produces everything on it in the song we heard blow the horns on
them by guilty simpson produced
by Mad Lib. It's also Mad Villain. He's the guy behind Mad Villain.
Before that, the mighty MC5, the marijuana cigarette 5. One of the best songs in rock
history looking at you
part of the uh... great collection called a square
story of michigan's legendary a square records on the uh... big beat label
uh...
and starting us off the uh... the uh...
the amazing armada chanks
from their urinal heap album
song drowning not waving which is part of the uh...
my little part is what i meant to say
my little way of saying happy birthday to adjacent
from uh... england
now of uh...
of uh... jersey city
New Jersey happy birthday to you my sweet British Prince guys that with more stuff and
more dumped on his head you keep going oh I just turned around Mike is in here oh I came
right up on me like uh... like uh... candy man
in uh... like a horror movie
well what can i do for you mike
julie from since and that he
on line four would like to speak to spike online one
fm you're on the air
hello com
uh... spike are you tonight
okay now do you have any interest in talking to julie from since an adi
how why not
now i know i'm just going to warn you she's a woman
yeah so and you are a uh... hater of woman women
no not all women
named three women that you like
i've seen a turn up
robin quivers and who else
all that bob and joe quivers yes and they give me a third
all that thing all bony specter
Ronnie specter. There you go. Okay. Fair enough. Julie. Yes. Can you comment
Julie from Cincinnati. Hello. How are you? Can you hear Julie Spike? Yes I can.
Is Julie, can you hear Spike? I can hear Spike very well. Well I would like to
introduce these two people. How are you? Would you meet? This is like a meeting
of the mines okay it's like an algonquin round table oh the algonquins were
Indian actually the table at Arby's more like it oh good because those were my
ancestors and I wouldn't equate them to spike your ancestors worked at Arby's
probably but they were I got their native bloods too you know I'm gonna do
This is what I'm going to do now. I'm stepping out of this
You two just get to know each other you two kids
bike yeah
Mike I want to know about the sims like if you were the sims character. Why would you be a sims character? Oh?
Because I think the sims characters are very interesting
They get they lead very interesting
live
Spike I have to interview you then what about I like Robin quivers fine. Why do you like her?
I've always liked Harrod and Robin. I know but I don't know why that's very political
of you. I'm sorry. That sounds like a political answer, but I'm putting you on the spot.
Okay, no, but I've always liked Robin. I've always liked her melodious voice. Do you ever go on the boats and stuff?
stuff with her? No. Do you like dogs? From a distance. But I'm not really a pet person.
Are you anti-social? Not really. Oh, have you got friends in real life? Yes I do. Oh,
I don't.
Uh-huh.
And then why is that?
Um, my personality and all.
Okay.
So why don't you like women though?
Oh, I didn't say hate all women.
I know I'm just saying like in general, why do you hate women?
Oh, I don't hate women in general.
I just hate certain women.
They're bothermen.
Oh, is it easier for you to name the women you don't hate?
I would like to apologize to the fine people of Arby's have you met women that you're implying that this conversation could take place at an Arby's.
You think you would hate me or would you pour a lime on my body after you decapitated me and all that?
I'm sorry, you paid that again?
I fucked all of you, that's why.
You would hate me, or would you pour lime on my body after you decapitated me and all that?
I'm sorry, you paid that again?
I fucked all of you, that's why.
Pardon?
I talked all of you, so I didn't get to the beginning of what you said.
I believe I talked over you.
Oh, okay.
Um, do you want to kill anyone?
Um, there's, there's some-
I do.
I do.
I'm decapitating.
Really?
really? I got the bloodlust all of a sudden. Wow, who? Want to conk these two heads together.
Tell me about your family. You got a brother and sisters. I have two sisters, Alda. I don't want to know this stuff.
Do they tell you what to do? Not always. I always get the last word.
Oh, really?
Mm-hmm.
You're probably not really a serial killer, then, are you?
Never said it was a serial killer.
Oh.
Well...
Well...
I don't really like serial...
I like you, Spike.
Now you're my new...
Oh, God.
Will you be my friend?
Oh, this is the saddest thing.
Okay.
Why not?
Why not?
Why so?
No.
I like you.
That's a good reason.
Who's I'm getting this over with?
I'm getting two of these over with at once.
Okay.
uh... theoretically
you've got a big nose
and there's a great conversation let's uh...
uh...
it looks like a little friendship has been uh... burst tonight
i'm trying to make friends i'm trying i i've got trouble with that in general
sounds like you two are really uh... really uh... palsy walsy now huh
i wish
i don't think he likes me tom
i think he does
Nothing against her well nothing against that. It's not the same as something for that
Hopefully no seriously
Like oh seriously now you're gonna get serious. No, I'm not
You two keep talking. I'm gonna give you another minute to what to talk and then one minute spike your knife now
You fill up this minute
No, I'm not giving Spike an unmoderated minute.
Oh, Tom, you're my favorite person that I don't know.
Not great.
Hey, Evo.
We got rid of her, Spike.
Oh, I was just getting interesting.
Oh, so I played that wrong?
Wow.
Evo, you two.
Unbelievable.
Unbelievable.
At least I got it over with though, we have two and a half hours a show left, two birds
with one stone.
Alright, I said it earlier, I would explain why I played a song with Mickey Dolan's.
You know why?
I'm letting him out of the hate pit.
Come on up, Mickey.
Mickey Dollens, for those keeping score at home, Mickey Dollens, you, are out of the
I hate pith.
Come on up.
I'm letting you out.
I'm forgiving you for snubbing me that time at the tennis US Open, for humiliating me.
I walked across the room.
me feel like a real uh... uh... a real uh... great a jerk
went out makey don'ts
part of my new uh... my new uh... goal
i gotta be a big man
sick and being little
can't be little anymore
can't be little gotta be big
fm you you're on the air
Hi, who's this?
This is Matt from Austin, Texas.
Matt from Austin, Texas.
Yes, sir.
And how are you doing tonight?
I'm doing pretty good, Tom.
How you doing?
I'm doing okay.
You sound good.
Thank you.
Yeah.
I just wanted to hear your thoughts on the viral video that's been going around where Matt
that name and uh...
kind of compared to the repellent being elected
dot the clock politics
yes it is politics so i'm at the end saying uh... what
that he's going to vote for sarah palin
oh god no
are you matt damein
no i'm not matt dame and
no he he he said he needs to know if they're going to believe in dinosaurs
4,000 years ago. I just wanted to know if you agreed what you thought about that.
Do I believe in dinosaurs?
Yeah, what are your thoughts on dinosaurs?
I'm not, uh, not, uh...
Scared of them, actually. I think they're still around.
Like, I think there's probably some lost island, like if you crashed on it.
Like, your plane went off the grid and you landed on it.
Not just probably an island filled with dinosaurs, still, right?
It's not outside the realm of possibilities, I don't think.
I mean, if you really rack your brain and think about all the things that, you know,
possible things that could happen and, you know...
I got no time for, uh, for, uh, dinosaur talk.
Oh, we're not in, uh, it is not Toys R Us.
Okay.
What are we in an IMAX theater now?
watch some diode on watching a history channel
with the show where dinosaurs fight each other
i know there's not that dinosaurs happen
that was a long time ago
yeah everybody everybody with uh... with a tiny bit of common sense knows that
well thanks for taking my question
thank you how are things in austin tonight
uh...
you know the weather starting to turn down here
only eighty degrees now only eighty
very exciting though you like it's still going to why
going to the uh... alamo draft house
yeah i had to know about that
what's going
you're hip
what's playing there
uh...
they're still showing pineapple express at four twenty
every day
what else is going on fantastic that's going on there's a new
film festival going on
all kinds of different movies and stuff like that you what is for who who
who is the uh... person behind fantastic fast
one of the
one of the mind that
alamo draft house can't remember the people name but uh...
they are they got kind of all kinds of cool stuff going on there
really expensive though
thanks buddy
fm you you're on the air
hey
who's this
uh...
this is britain
new bridge
Hey Brad, how are you tonight?
I'm not so good.
Okay.
Sorry, what's wrong?
I guess I'm still kind of reeling from the news.
Oh, like over the last
last week.
Like all the Lehman Brothers and all the stock market stuff, the AIG going
under.
That stuff has been pretty nuts.
What stock market? What
what are you talking about?
now uh... the well the stock market
what happened with it
well uh... there's been a huge uh... upheaval
uh...
government bailouts
a i g
i don't know what that is
i'm talking about the big news
the big news
i don't know what the weather what is the big news that's got you reeling
that the two fighters are going on hiatus
well what's that
The Foo Fighters?
Yeah, no, I know the Foo Fighters.
They're going on hiatus.
Yeah, Dave announced the other day that they're going to take a long time off.
Uh-huh.
And I don't know what to do.
Are you a big Foo Fighters fan?
Yeah.
Um.
Maybe the biggest.
Okay.
Well, I'm very sorry for the fact that your favorite band is taking a break.
Under your favorite band, too?
Um, no.
The Foo Fighters, no, that's not my favorite band.
Well, why?
Uh, I just, they are not my, they just don't...
There go my heroes.
Watch them as they walk away.
You're right? No.
Sounds like you're kinda...
coming unraveled a little bit.
Do you think it will be this way forever?
gotta learn to stop when they say you went
you're really broken up about this breath please stick around
please stick around
what i'm going to do
i only got to see them four times this year
four times this year yeah why how many times have you seen them uh...
in total
pretty much like i don't like eight times every every tour
eight times every time they play all the time yeah so you see them eight times a
year oh yeah
or eight they might even do more than one tour a year oh definitely yeah i think
every tour uh-huh so you've seen them
just doing the math loosely around
eighty times at least yeah at least okay
no it's worse what
tattoo
tattoo on my back uh-huh
what's it of
melt two more
and what is that well basically you know it's all their faces like carbon
into Mount Rushmore.
Yeah.
So all four of the Foo Fighters, you
got their faces tattooed on your back.
Yeah, Dave Taylor and the other two.
The other two.
Yeah.
Well, the other two, it's like the guitarist
and the bass player.
Yeah.
Yeah, you've seen them.
You're their biggest fan, and you're not sure
what their names are.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I didn't know I was talking to Brian Gumball,
or keep older man uh-huh gee sorry
well it i mean it's like the beetle
yeah i mean
people only only new to their names
uh... that's not true
sure it is
the beetles that people know that the two important ones
john and george
john it okay so no what about paul macardney that he
he's the other
okay and then ringo star was the drummer
hang on
of jesus right now
so this thing on your back it would is it called
uh... not for more
mount for more and so it's the their four faces and then
it says mount for more on it yet dot yeah uh... yeah
well is there what why didn't you call you know
what did you call it mount Fuji
that's that's stupid mount Fuji
yeah
I don't make it
oh gees yes it does
oof
I don't know why I guess I never thought of it
uh huh
yeah that might have been yeah that makes a lot of sense because it's like a play on
words
I just hope he doesn't do any of those side projects again
girl
quasta
quasta
what is quasta
uh... queen's of the stone age
well qua i think you're saying it wrong
what is it
queen queen of
yeah quasta
i think it would be
quatza
what keep keep
q o t f a
yeah
oh great
another tattoo way to go
video brad
well so you just got that
okay well so you but you
but you know i thought in one
yeah and i jumped up on stage uh-huh and and i yelled out loud in between
songs i said
you're ruining your reputation
and then people didn't like saying thing and then as i think carried off
stage i said give me food or give me death
yeah yeah and then i got tased
you got tased i was the first guy to get tased on
on stage of the show
Yeah, only I didn't say don't taste me, bro. Uh-huh like that guy in the on the YouTube thing. Yeah. Yeah, you didn't say you didn't say that
I didn't say that. No. No. What did you say? I said, oh my god
Kind of like what I I said when I heard the news the other day. Uh-huh. Yeah
But look it they're going on a hiatus. They're not breaking up. I don't know
I mean if they're going they weren't gonna do anything maybe 10 years or something 10 years
Yeah, that's what they said. I'm a maybe they're afraid that they can't stop a spat gras
Thank you. I lost you there for a second. What was that? Maybe they can't cop a spat gras. I
Don't know what that is. Um their new record
Come on a
What was that a spat cracker radio station much a spat like you do a spat gras. Yeah
What I didn't even know they had an album called a spat gras. Oh, that's just what I I say, you know
I want to say quickly it's echo silence patience and grace. Why?
Echo's a spat
Okay, yeah a spat gras. Yeah, oh
Okay
Well, I'm so that was your that you think that was a great album. I I I know it is. Yeah, huh?
I'm going to listen to now.
You can still listen to their albums.
It's not the same, though.
I mean, I wonder, do you think there are like other bands out there who are good?
Yeah, there are other bands out there.
You just got to come maybe get out there and check other things out.
Well, maybe I'll check some stuff out now.
Hang on.
There's this fight I go to.
It's like modern rock kind of thing.
Uh-huh.
I'm just playing some sound files right now.
This is pretty cool.
What is it?
It's a band called Hinder.
Oh, that's a bell.
Have you heard of him?
Yes, I have.
Pretty cool.
I like this.
I got my headphones on.
Got like one ear.
Pretty awesome.
Okay.
I'm not a fan of Hinder.
Oh my god. I'm at Wikipedia now on them. Uh-huh. Guess you're never gonna guess it. Guess what they call their fans, like their fan club?
No idea. So cool. They called the hinder army. Okay. How cool is that? That's why. It's not very cool.
Oh, it says that they did this cool tour last year, called the Bad Boys of Rock, how cool is that?
That's not even a little bit cool.
I love this.
Oh man, the music is cool because they use even more compression on the Foo Fighters,
like it looks like a band of sound, like a tiny band.
Yeah, it's just all mid-range.
Yeah.
No breathing room for anything.
Oh god, no.
It's pretty much mono.
Pretty much, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, I mean it's like, that's how records sound now.
Why?
Yeah, so you like that?
I love it.
I don't know anything else.
Um, well I guess maybe you have your new favorite band.
You kick their <E.D.>
Great.
Kill were all awesome.
So you...
I just texted my tattoo artist Rick.
Uh huh.
And he said he can get me in on Friday.
For what?
We're going to do a little change up on my on my back tattoo.
Oh, what is it going to be?
Well, it's it's going to go from Mount Fillmore.
Yeah.
To Hinder Hill.
You've just heard 40 seconds of this band and you're ready to jump into getting something
committed to your your body to that degree.
Hey, come on, man.
I'm only 34 years old like I got a whole life ahead of me.
How old are you?
34.
Why?
Okay, well, you know what I just think it's I just think it's something that you should maybe take your time with
I don't think so. It's funny. He's awesome. He said he said all right. See ya on Friday
He thinks my name is is Lowell for some reason
Lowell I don't get it. Yeah. I mean he knows my name is Brad
L.O.L. on the way he does that. Oh, that's la laugh out loud
So this is I think he's he laughing at you. I
I don't think so. I mean he always, whenever I text him about an appointment and like what
I'm going to do, like what I want. Yeah. He does always say sounds great. L O L. I just
thought he thought my name was something else. And when my name is Lowell. When you see him
in person, you see, does he laugh a lot then? Well, yeah, but I just thought it was because
just like someone said something funny to him right before i got there maybe
uh...
yeah i think he
well that's that's not exactly right sounds like he he thinks it's funny the
tattoos you're getting
why would you think that
i mean you don't
uh... well i don't think it's funny i think it's more sad
no it's not that painful though
i mean that the needle's only going for like a little bit and then you can get
used to it i guess no no i'm not that they could deal
now i'm talking about the the end result
of the art yeah i was great
everybody said so when they
like
parents
your parents like your food fighter tattoos
really mom does my dad i want to see it
oh yeah okay
uh-huh well
he'd like it if he thought though
if you're dead he just still does not even what he physically turns away exactly
the shirt comes off he's out the door uh-huh
well that's
well i'll send you some jpegs of of of hinder hill when i get it done okay you
know please put your email address please please don't
why not
i i i kind of don't want to see your your food fighter and uh...
hinder tattoos okay well i'll get your email from call screener tray okay
please please don't and please please reconsider the hinder tattoo at least
listen to their music a little bit before you go i love what i hear okay i'll
I'll think about it. Okay, you're not gonna think about it right now. No, and you're you're gonna get it
Aren't I'm still gonna do it. I know you I can't wait fire up those needles because here it comes in der hill
Play some hinder right now. I'm not gonna play in der. Okay. Well, would you play some food maybe? No? Oh?
All right
All right, okay. I'll send you that picture. I'm not gonna look at it. I'm like your I'm like your father on this one
Come on, it'll be all, like, slick from the stuff they put on afterwards.
What, the tattoo?
Yeah.
I don't want to see your tattoos.
Oh, please.
No.
Oh, stop that.
Why?
That whining.
No.
No, I'm not.
You are.
Oh, I hate that.
I'm just trying to find you up for the hinder army.
You what?
I know.
I'm just trying to find you up for the hinder army.
You what?
I know.
I'm just trying to find you up for the hinder army.
Well, but you know, you might want to do before you become a member of the hinder
Army, try being a hinder album owner. Try getting one of their albums and
listening to it straight through. Maybe I'll upload it tonight Ben. I mean
download, what's it called? Download. Okay, we'll do that. So you go to iTunes, you pick
up the hinder thing and you... What's that? What's what? iTunes. iTunes, yeah.
I don't pay for stuff. Oh, okay. Why? Okay. So I'm assuming you what? You support
the artists in other ways? Yeah, I get their tattoos on my back.
Well, they don't get any money from that well, I do you do get money from I used to go to food shows and and like
You know tell people that had the coolest tattoo on my back. Uh-huh, and then I'd I'd ask for five bucks for a peak
Yeah, I get it sometimes a lot of times. I wouldn't though. Yeah, would people throw things at you also else get tased
Yeah, yeah, and has the band ever seen these tattoos?
Um, yes once, but they didn't want to see it anymore, and I wasn't really allowed at
uh, near the stage at all, okay, for the last four tours.
So you've been watching from the back of the arena to find the back of the arena.
Uh, there are no, there's nobody sitting behind you.
That is true.
If you lean back, you bang your head on the car seat.
On your car seat?
Yeah.
How are you in your car?
Because I'm in my car, in the parking lot.
In the parking lot.
You couldn't even get in.
When I said they wouldn't let me near the stage,
I meant they wouldn't let me near the arena.
You're just a little, that's how hot you kind of run with this.
Yeah, I threw a hockey stick at Babe Roll once.
Why?
I don't know.
I thought he'd like it.
Would you like that?
no i don't think anybody would like getting hit by a hockey stick
it was a goaly stick to pick one of the one you would pick yeah
and what what was the the end game there was to just get his attention noticed i
guess you know
and then like he'd say oh man what's that who who threw that and then i jumped
up on stage and whip off my shirt uh-huh and i'd give him the full back uh-huh
and then we'd be friends maybe
okay yeah you know what it might be time for you to get a little perspective
in life okay
uh-huh
all right you're not going to are you know
oh god i can't
i think you can
come on you come on
oh i hate that i'm sending you an email don't i guess call screen or tray
not going to open it okay
all right well i'll talk to you soon
great i hope
i i i i
alright yes i'm here i'll call you tonight
call me tonight
he just did call me tonight
cheaper scrapers
fm you you're on the air
i was this
even north hollywood steven north hollywood uh-oh
uh-oh
how are you tonight sir i'm doing all right how are you
i'm doing pretty well i was wondering if i could make a uh... bit of a late
entry for the yay nay or and topic from last week
sub to mike
mike
can he
can see allowed to do a late entry to the yay nay or and
from last week
mike says yes although it does throw the show off uh... off it's a pace a
little bit but
well let's hear it
okay uh... i've got just a few first
Japanese import game show Ninja Warrior.
Never saw it.
Okay.
Swedish now defunct punk band refused.
Eh.
Okay, the guitar riff from Please Go All The Way
by the Raspberries.
Yay.
Sweet.
Attack of the show hosts this Olivia Mun.
Nay, nay, nay.
Fair enough.
That person could creep.
You couldn't have teed me up better on that one.
Oh boy.
You know like Olivia?
No, she's a total creep I saw some video online where she was like making fun of
these these
She was at one of these dumb video game conferences. They're like like conventions, right and it's like her with like like going up to these nerds
Pretending to be like hey, what's going on? Oh, no, how's it going? These guys she goes at this first of all
There's woman to live you man. It's a total knockout
sure but she's one of these people who she is she somehow thinks she's a she
thinks she's a you know like a the funniest person on earth right right but
she's a mean she was so mean sorry look maybe she she could be funny whatever
I'm not saying that some some knockout can't be funny but what I'm saying is
she mistook being mean for being funny right which which is a hallmark of the
the unfunny
the unfunny always do it
can't tell me from funny
the hallmark of the unfunny
so she goes up to these two uh... nerd toward
mind in their own business
play in their video games
at this uh... at this convention
not bugging a soul
and she comes up and she's gonna like
she's gonna like uh... pretend that she's into them
and then kind of like tees them
And then like when they didn't bite, because they know, they smell a rat.
Don't think these guys know what the score is in their lives?
They know something's off that this woman's coming up.
Hey guys, what's going on tonight?
These guys know what something's going down.
And then when they don't give her, when they don't fall into her trap,
she instantly starts going, what, you guys aren't interested in me?
Oh, Olivia Munn thumbs down you're a you're a monster. You're a monster
Mickey Dolan's fresh out of the hate pit
Trading places with Olivia Munn get the hate pit Olivia Munn. Oh man
I open to can of worms
Steve yes, sir, what else you got for me swimming in the ocean
Yeah.
Sweet.
Um, and I've got two more.
All right.
All right.
Uh, CBS sitcom The Big Bang Theory.
Nay.
Fair enough.
And?
Fair enough, by the way.
Will you take a little offense to that?
No, no, no.
I was wondering.
I've been digging it, so I've been like, hey.
Is your body on that?
I'm like the two.
Is your body on that, Nate?
No, he's not.
But actually my roommate's friend from college is on that.
What is Nate up to your for your your best buddy from drillbit Taylor?
Trying to think I took him into a voiceover audition a couple days ago. Oh, yeah
name of that project and then
And then he just sent me a myspace message saying that he got some studio
For a movie that he and his buddies are making and that there is a part for me in it. So hey we
You know studio, I'm assuming is in quotes studio
I got I got to see that studio
Yeah, we get hey, hold on a minute the kid from drill bit teller
Pitching a movie. We'll take it. We'll take it. Go get the checkbook
We will sign this deal right now
$500
For
Universal rights to this movie in perpetuity throughout the galaxy, etc. Etc. Etc. What movie? What movies he doing?
He still won't tell me the one he did in Iowa and there's something on his page now called Lemonheart
But he won't answer if that's the one in Iowa or not. He's being very secretive. Yeah, trust me
I'm looking forward to seeing this kid in disaster movie three. Oh, no, don't say he's lucky
he's lucky he'll be in the thing with Eddie Griffin and
Kim Kardashian. Oh boy. It'll be. What's his name? Nate. Yeah. Nate. I'm gonna say his last name.
Kim Kardashian. Steve-o. Nate.
Eddie Griffin and Leslie Nielsen.
Nate's my boy, but I'm not going to see that movie.
You got anything else for me? Just one more of the approaching Halloween season.
Yeah. Sweet. That's all I got, Tom. I got one, one, a little piece of advice for you. Sure. Stop saying sweet.
Fair enough. I can do that. Have a good night. All right, take care. Sweet. So uh, what do you think about swimming in the ocean?
yay sweet FM you you're on the air hey Thomas up it's Mike from summit Mike
from summit quality call quality caller what's going on I'm really excited about
about Mickey being out of the hate pit Mickey don't out of the hate pit it's
very exciting but to admit it's later Olivia Munn thrown into the hate pit I
I'd like to hear that as you know, maybe you don't know. I have a friend who's really really into the monkeys
I remember you you you had told me yeah, and he's it's gotten to the point where
He's having some relationship problems
Because of his going to see Davy all around the country and I don't know what to do. It's a serious
It's actually a serious problem. I
Mean Davy Jones concerts was he doing different stuff and everything he's doing same show
private
private show only listed on his website as you as you said the other week
it's pretty certain that he was somehow defending that
you never believe it i got a uh... live tape of uh... david jones playing
it uh...
playing waco texas
he uh... he started the show off
you never believe it
he start
he went he went out he started to show off with uh... theme from the monkeys
unbelievable
then it goes out
any does uh...
uh...
it
uh... sub someday man acoustically
never believe it goes out it does hold on girl
very rarer get that girl maybe
any does forget that girl
then he does you and i
i think all the rarities
david jones is going to be so deep cut
with the monkey stuff
then he starts breaking out hit after hit
at a control
it's going up there
he's doing uh...
when love comes knocking at your door
never believe it
soon the day we fall in love
breaking them all out
you're going deep into the uh... monkey music box david jones uh...
concerts
it's the and and she you know he's trying to get her into like you know
monkey be side
david cathy was opening and he even started to defend him
and i don't know if there's some kind of intervention that's that needed there
he's already broken up with one girlfriend one when peter torqu tried to uh...
he asked her to lift lift up her shirt so he could sign her belly
i think he should be thrown in the uh... in the day mike's confidential
and all and welcome to my life
anyway i thought that i am uh... fan of the uh... make you that's all i think
jones is probably like uh...
probably cringes when he sees this guy showing up for the shows
No, like he like pulls the curtain away if these places even have curtains
Why Bob looks out of the curtain? Oh, no that guy's out there again
Guess I got to do the show like he just knows it at some point. He's gonna get murdered by this guy
He's probably all on edge look out
Here comes tomorrow. That's when I have to choose
news
yes it's bad tell your friend tell your friend he's got to get stuff in
perspective
you can't follow david jones all over the country
you know i don't want to be at the shows
yet he doesn't even want to be there and he's playing he's david jones he
doesn't want to see david jones that much
top man he's you know
mid-thirties it's it's time to time to stop
yet it was it should never have started it
It should end. It should end about 10 years. Anyway, thanks for letting me
vent, man. No problem. You hanging. Hi. All right.
FMU, you're on the air. Hey, this is Derek from Detroit. I got a couple of
year names. Let's do them real fast. This is not a, this is not a running
topic. Go ahead, Derek. Let's see what you got. Donovan. Donovan. Yay. Anthony
I don't know enough about these chef guys I could care right now I could care
less about celebrity chefs just make my food oh you never believe oh wait to
have this a pan seared who cares just make it off like called earlier or
basically my son called my six-year-old wants to talk to you you're six-year-old
want to do it what's your six-year-old
sure what what's your six-year-old's name
his name's Noah let me know what
he just went to bed but i think he's still awake
oh great
alright hold on fantastic parenting
let me wake him up get him on the radio
get up
daddy to a daddy's on the radio
daddy wants you on the radio get up
no he's sleeping i'm not gonna wake him up now why don't we go all the way
with it wake him up
why don't you get him over the head with the phone let's go all the way with it
I was never planning on waking him up.
Hit him with a pillow.
Seriously.
Hit him with a pillow.
No, I'm going to let him sleep.
It's just tough to get him to bed.
Wake him up.
But he's a big fan of Philly Boy Roy.
Really?
Yeah, I can't.
There can't be any mention like if TV is on or something and they mention like the
Yeah.
you know it's it's called the parental supervision you might want to check it
out heave-oh guys the kid's hero is Philly boy Roy total one of the biggest
creeps going speaking of which the election is underway it's it's it's it's
they were in the final weeks of the election to see who will be mayor of
new bridge
you can vote every day go to friends at home dot com
every day the uh... the the poll is reset you can vote for as many candidates as
you want when you vote that one time
it's getting tight to i will tell you
at first it looked like mike was running away with it
but now
i'll put the numbers up during the week
it is a it is like a dead
between mike and filly boy roy
mike says he won julie over
and she's going to vote for him
and now mike is saying he will do special favors for callers that they
vote for
i don't even
let's not open that can of worms
Mike's going to start putting people right through.
People just go, yeah, I voted for you.
Michael, do anything now.
Did you vote for me?
Did you vote for me?
Yeah, sure.
People have no idea what he's even talking about.
Yeah, sure.
Do you want me to vote for you?
Yes, yes.
Ah, OK, yeah, I voted for you.
You're getting right through.
FM, you're on the air.
based on this is a shot from los angeles
shown from los angeles is like a uh... the showbiz the insider
that this guy's got the scoop
uh... yeah that
that's what we need uh... although i i didn't move to a neighborhood where
where i know that the two months since i've moved here i have seen them shooting
entourage at least three times so i'm
feeling pretty good about that
well it's great to live in one of the three blocks that they shoot everything
in entourage on
Yes, and also I have seen a few nearby restaurants on the hills, so.
So you live right, you must live in that building the Pacific School of Design.
You live, is that literally the building you live in?
I, I, that's like two blocks from where I live.
Because they shoot everything in that little, that little four block radius there.
Every shot on entourage you watch, it's either them driving past,
they're driving past the rocksy
they're driving past the uh... viper room
or they're driving it like they don't go any further
the further still go they go from the rocksy
the viper room
down past mills
yet and then they stop at that corner
of uh... sunset and uh... lassiennica is that it right
yeah with the pinks there on the the pink dot
yeah and they turn around they must turn around in that parking lot where the
laundromat is
and then they loop back the other way and then we'll go down the hill
to that pacific school of design building and then back up
yeah
uh... by uh... just uh... this past weekend my girlfriend and i were going to
it is a little uh... explicable a lumberyard
uh... like a block across the street from the pacific design center
And we were walking back to our apartment
with a giant plank of wood.
And we almost got taken out by a gaggle
of paparazzi taking pictures of some blonde woman
who couldn't have been worth it for six guys
to take a picture of someone who,
her eye being a show big insider,
have no clue who it is.
You sure it wasn't one of the people from the hills?
I'm pretty confident it wasn't.
But I live in a rent control building, Tom.
I got to take it where I can get it.
But I wanted to know if you got any feedback last week from your reading of the H-man Facebook
update because I want to give that a gigantic yay.
Yeah, that is an exciting new feature of the show.
The H-man, who is my protege, is my understudy.
He's not ready yet.
yet i thought it by
when i'd originally
chosen him
i thought by now i would
never be even showing up at the station anymore that he would be
doing the show every week
it would just be the h-man and mike screening calls
you know he's not he's not ready yet i'll be with you he's right
he's right he's like he's like uh...
he's like a blob of uh... of clay
uh... that i need to mold
i think uh... will find a greek adonis
whatever part of the face of the h-man is doing the face book update i think
you need to keep hands off
because honestly
that was uh... that was some of the most relaxing uh...
it was like it was like uh...
it was like a chauncey gardener made the brine you know oblique strategy cards
um...
did it did it did that to me
just relax young assume that that's relaxing
it would be if it's read my mind up to think in ways that i haven't thought
uh... it's not a long time than ever
if i was creatively blocked and then i heard the h-man state update i read last
week last week i read uh... uh... uh... a handful of the h-man
face book updates
and i've gotten nothing but positive feedback the problem is now with the
the well has been poisoned
now you know he probably stares at the computer screen for like a half hour
for you know it's a face book update
what am i getting right
what am i gonna write
it's got to be good
everybody's watching the world is watching
that i was afraid to call in
let me see what his most recent one is
i gotta see
you want to know what
you still got it i'm not even going to read this one on the air
he just took it up a notch
uh... it about that
did you get the mallet
oh he got his croquet mallet a while ago
it's not just that he wanted a croquet mallet
it said he he wanted a croquet mallet
immediately
uh...
i've never i've never uh... known anyone who has
wanted a croquet mallet little owned needed one post-haste
oh he did
the h-man is a man of mystery
the h stands for mystery
thank you
i just want to share that i appreciate it i bet you have a great night
if you but
if i'm you're on the air
hi tom
i was this
this is christine and several scott
christine and san francisco i think i know this christine
uh...
rock star
not so famous
not such a rock star but yeah it's finest dearest
It's true, you have a really good memory.
Yes, how are you doing?
I'm good, how are you?
I'm okay.
Yeah?
Yes.
Well, I'm just calling to say hi
because I never ever get to listen live,
but I listen every week to the podcast.
Good.
And what's that?
I said good, good, I'm glad.
Well, and I noticed you've been playing the MC5.
Yes.
And looking at you is definitely
one of my all-time favorite songs but you were talking about the worst songs of
all-time last week I think and teenage lust by the MC5 is probably one of my
all-time least favorite songs but it but I know what you mean they look the MC5
have the MC5 have some clunkers but they're clunkers for the MC5. Have you
listened to the lyrics though? Yes I've listened to I've listened to all the MC5
music
i don't know i don't know
they have a they have a few uh... a few that are uh... bizarre
but um...
again
that is in the context of the emcee five
not when you're factoring
put it you put
put any emcee five song up against uh... ambrosia
ambrosia and uh... the emcee five are going to win
i don't i really don't know as bad as the uh... blueberry whatever lyrics
where i still think you know that there it's a horrible
but mike
can you fetch me teenage lost by the m c five
i think it's probably just under the abbreviation m c five not under uh...
marijuana cigarette five
so how was your band doing finest dearest
we're doing good
uh... working people check you out on the computer
Where they can check us out on MySpace, the MySpace, just MySpace.com slash Finasterist.
And we also have a website, Finasterist.com.
All right, see, professional, got all the bases covered.
Yeah.
I'm hopefully, you know, none of our lyrics will be under scrutiny after this, but...
Exactly.
You're calling out the MC5.
You just opened the door.
uh... i would challenge anyone to uh...
i don't think our lyrics are
ever that bad
earlier
it's teenage lost all of them i look i'm sure uh... dennis thompson like the
lyrics to
uh... fair enough fair enough
uh... well i don't i just wanted to come to high i'm gonna read you these
lyrics
okay to see if i have these where
on that i forgot what these were you write these lyrics are not
these are insane
back in lincoln park
where i was mostly raised
hanging around town where i got totally crazed
surrounded by bitches
who wouldn't give it in
who thought that getting down was an unnatural yet this is terrible while
you
you are you are you uh...
and you have a healthy outlet
for my teenage left i mean i forgot i forgot how bad these work
i'd have to say
you uh... you you might have picked a winner here just lyrically
yes literally the music isn't
is not bad yet this is this is these lyrics are really bad
thank you mike
uh... mike do you like the m c five
what's your favorite album
i know you're big
what's that
the kick out the jam
mike is a big uh... john landau fan you don't like uh...
just imagine if if in present day a band was like this
we're revolutionary
uh... you know
it takes five seconds
five seconds like
just on all the stuff
a lot of people out there talk about high society
high side high
ever had one of the high society like that and then their next album was like
high school
rah rah rah
high school is just boomba people be like
that is the biggest
sellout that has ever happened in the history of the turtles did not make
leaps like that
and they made leaps every album every turtles album was just an attempt
to just ride whatever was popular select
let's start doing bob dylan but first the turtles are like we're a surf group
where the crossfires
then also it's like a folk rock is popular let's start covers bob dylan
songs
then like hey things again psychedelic let's cover that
let's sound like the love and spoonful
but so they would do anything whatever was popular the turtles would do
and they
are dwarfed
by the emcee five jumping from
kick out the jams to uh... uh...
back in the u.s.a.
and also unlike chuck berry covers on that
thank you for your call
thank you tom
you have a good night
all right
Speaking of five, the poll has closed for the Fab Five of jerks, a topic that was started
last week.
The top vote getters, so far we have in the jerks.
We needed the Fab Five of jerks to be kind of diversified.
Mike Francisa was a lock.
Philly D, Phil DeFranco.
So we have those two guys were locks for the Fab Five of Jerks.
Some of the top vote getters were Gene Simmons, Glenn Beck, Chris Angel, Dustin Diamond, and
Nancy Grace.
I'm going to say, in an effort to have a diverse squad of the Fab Five of Jerks right off the top, Nancy Grace.
Oh wait, so it's not dudes on the list. And she is a jerk anyway.
Mike Francesa, Philly D, Philip DeFranco, and Nancy Grace, that's three of the Fab Five of Jerks.
Gene Simmons.
And you got to think about this like you're putting together a good basketball team like we have Mike frances in the middle
Big blob in the middle
Philly D would be like a like I'm gonna say is the point guard of the team
Nancy Grace is the shooting guard
Gene Simmons the power forward who's gonna who's gonna be the the the small forward of this team?
either Glen Beck or Dustin Diamond. Glen Beck or Dustin Diamond. Who should it be?
What do you think Mike? What about Chris Angel? Chris Angel and Gene Simmons are
too close. So I'm gonna say Chris Angel not in the fab vibe. He would come off
the bench. You say Dustin Diamond? You're right. His indulging and him making an adult
feature puts him Dustin Diamond. He's the three. Gene Simmons is the four. Nancy Grace
is the two
there we go
here is your five five of jerks
at center
from w f a n radio
francesa
at point guard
from georgia
philly d phillip de franco
youtube sensation
think he is
well that's because his name is phillip
i just think he's called some philly
as short for phillip
at forward
from new york city
jean simmons
nancy grace i don't know where she's from
and then dust and diamond
at your fat five
fm you you're on the air
time it's me again let's bike
how are you tonight
okay i think you should have added uh...
shawn senator
and uh... rush limburger
to get left
get you have to start writing for mad magazine
if anybody out there listening
has any connection to mad magazine
how can you pass on this guy shawn sanity
and lush limburger
you would actually write for sad magazine
is there a magazine called sad
now that
how would that feel to get rejected by mad magazine
i'm sorry but your humor is not up to snuff
you do not make the you do not make the mad magazine cut
and never applied
i'm going to get you in you're not even going to apply they're going to come
knocking on your door
what do you think about that
yes i'll go to them they'll come to me works out like i can talk to you anymore
i used to wonder what what it would be like if spike listen to the entire show
cuz he in the past he clearly
would call
and do his thing and then hang up and then probably go put on some uh...
doo-op record
but now it's clear he listens to the whole show i think i liked it the other
way
when he just got was completely selfish
and had his own agenda
now he's like part of the part of the best show family
I'm ready to turn the corner with something.
So a lot of people say, you know, Tom, we really like the best show, but it's different.
You complain a lot now.
Would you agree with that, Mike?
That I complain a lot?
In a humorous way, okay.
boy even Mike's turning on me so I've decided sure I can play you know what
you're right I'll still talk about certain subjects like the when we when we
when we take calls and sound off on certain things and then and then talk
about different subjects sure that that's that's not going to stop
but the uh... the uh... the uh...
the obsession with the itunes uh... podcast ranking
The rejection by the entire book industry, 33 and a third people humiliating me publicly.
I will complain about those things in a very limited segment where this house is going
to go.
I'm going to play a song from the 80s, and I'm allowed to complain for the length of
that song about these things.
But when it's over, I stop complaining.
That sounds like a fair trade-off, right, Mike?
Let's try it out.
I am allowed to complain about all the frustrating stuff I feel.
So when the song ends, I stop.
Oh man, look at this.
I'll look at the iTunes thing right now, the iTunes podcast rating, the show has fallen
all the way to number 50.
Number 50.
I mean, I do get sick to my stomach when I look at this.
Here are some of the shows that are in the lead right now beating the best show.
The Geek Show Podcast, Marijuana Radio, something called Marijuana Radio.
Big O and Dukes on WJFK.
Kid Cratic in the Morning.
this is sickening I'm not even talking about the fact that right now number 16
is never funny by Jimmy Pardo number 16 I'm at number 50 look at this
getting clobbered here why don't even bother with this sick makes me sick to
stomach I could literally I should I should bring a heating pad with me to do
the show I'm getting beat by a thing called a yeah dude oh not to mention the
it's a thing called the awful show so I'm ill I'm actually ill I could I could I
that could lose my uh... my uh... my lunch right now
all bonpan is about to uh...
that hold it down
it's sick
and then the book the book thing
this is what i get in the mail
i come to the station there are three books waiting for me that were mailed to
me so it's like these publishers
are sending these things as a goof now, a book called Oval Office Occult, True Stories
of White House Weirdness, then the paperback edition of the Chris Jericho book, of course,
and paper back and then literally a hardcover book called hitman my real
life in the cartoon world of wrestling by Brett Hart. It is, I kid you not, 500 and
70 pages long. 570 pages long. This guy talking about wrestling. This guy's got a
Brad Hart's got a book out. He also has a book and Ryan Adams has a book coming out
Ryan Adams
Unbelievable makes me sick to my stomach. All right. That's it. I can't complain anymore
Got put it on ice got it out of my system
Every week I can complain they can only be the length of 180s hit
Then I got to move on
Let's put a
topic on table
i i by uh... one of these uh... gps systems
the global positioning systems
made by the uh... the fine folks over at garment
and uh...
i bought it at a place called best buy
and uh...
Got a warranty on it, bought about a year and change ago.
This thing has broken five times.
Five times.
Just stops working.
But it's under warranty, four year warranty.
Course, four year warranty.
Why do I gotta worry about it?
Let it break 150 times, I don't care.
Then the last time I brought it in a week ago
because it was broken again, stopped working.
drop to 80 bucks on this warranty
they were like yeah you uh
we'll get we'll give you a new one they don't make this model anymore we'll give
you a new one but your warranty is invalidated now
what
well what what what is not four years yet
I've been two years yet their valid invalidating the
warranty on it
you know what they had me
they had me over barrel
i had no choice
and they loved it
oh they loved it
with their blue shirts
their blue polo shirts laughing
they were laughing at me
as i switched it
And in that moment, I said to myself, never again.
Never again will I buy a major appliance at the Best Buy.
Never again, sorry Best Buy.
You blew it.
I'm out.
Tonight's topic is, never again, 201, 209, 9368.
Never again.
What is the thing that makes you just say?
You know what?
I did it.
I got burnt.
Maybe I did it again.
I got burnt again.
And then I did it again.
But finally, the one time it hits you.
You look in the mirror and you say...
Never again.
2-0-1, 2-0-9, 9-3-6-8.
Reminding you, you can vote for the election, for who should be the next mayor of New Bridge.
election ends in a couple weeks over at uh... friends of tom dot com you go to
there you sign up
you are you uh...
if you're not if you're not registered over there you go register
zip zip zip
you will get added then you can vote in polls we're going to put it
make everybody happy like to put polls up every once in a while
but you can't participate unless you're a member
of the friends of tom uh... message board
two oh one two oh nine nine three six eight i need people to vote
for this election
who will be the next mayor of new bridge
bunch of different candidates in the running
right now mike and filly boy roy
dead heat and there's a couple candidates creeping up behind them
there's a couple people who are far from out of it
markey remone
pudge
and Zachary brim said all in the running
friends at tom dot com go check it out
fm you're on the air
hey who's this
this is jim
i live in notley
jim from notley well what can i do for you jim
i have a never again
let's hear it
never again with the mcdonald's coffee
now when you say mcdonald's coffee are you talking about
the old-fashioned mcdonald's coffee are you one of the people who the mcdonald's
has this new fangled uh...
modern coffee thing where they they're trying to pretend that they're a
Starbucks well there was a buzz about it and everybody was telling me no you
should really try it now uh-huh and I go there and they give me this it's like
a big cup of milk yeah that's great a big cup of milk and sugar with maybe some
coffee flavoring in it it's actually it was less sweet it was more sweet than
those coffee candies that you never give you yeah so that's my never again never
again will you drink coffee from McDonald's and I tried it twice because
somebody said no maybe that was before they did it you try it again everybody
reassured me twice it happened you got burnt twice you're done never again you
know how they haven't made a Starbucks I have this thing where it's like we're
like they're trying to say that they're about perfection for the coffee but
they say like if it was like our goal
is perfection
the perfect
yeah
you know the problem with that is
they have no idea every every time i get something at starbucks taste
different
who even knows what the what the uh... i don't know what the right way things
are supposed to be uh...
suppose the supposed to uh... taste
well don't you feel also that like
i don't know the people that they're trying to get it mcdonald's copy is
already served by Dunkin Donuts. There's like Dunkin coffee drinkers and Starbucks coffee
drinkers. I can't really imagine anyone being a McDonald's coffee drinker. Well, you know
what? We will find out, won't we? McDonald's, this is the grand experiment. The grand
experiment. Will McDonald's coffee. I say failure.
swim you say failure
alright thanks for the call buddy
thank you
fm you you're on the air
hi tom
i was this
uh... my name is john from living for new jersey
a job how are you doing
i'm doing great man you got a great idea for uh... for a topic and i want to add
an epiphany when you're when you ask the question yes
i never again i can have two thousand
everyone's tell me you know that presidential election you should really
vote you should really vote you should really think about your vote you should
vote
yeah i think i find
i've got democrat
yeah
but she got elected
four years later
we're saying that this is an important election she really vote yeah yeah uh...
democrats yeah
but i'll act it yeah uh...
well again
you're not voting this year
uh... i wasn't so i heard the show and i had that appropriate well that they
please you you uh...
you construed the wrong thing from the show
you have to vote don't be stupid come on
of course it will go but i thought it was going to be a lot of
evo
i'll say that anymore
evo
so the guy calls up the lies because he thinks that that's a funny little twist
fm you you're on the air
he tom step
Hey Deb, how are you?
I'm good, how are you?
Deb from Portland.
From Portland, Maine or Oregon?
Oregon.
How are things? Oh, Oregon, excuse me.
Oh, Oregon? You know, there's a Portland Maine that you could show a little respect toward.
Well, you know, I would love to go to Portland, Maine sometime.
Just remember that there's two different, there's two Portland's.
I know, you know, and I would love to go to Portland, Maine sometime.
which portland were poison idea from
uh... you know i don't know
i think it was portland main
we get a fact check on that
could be
i think big champion looks like uh... like he could have been from main
well i think so yeah what do you got it going on is that a hell hound in the
background
well we've got a sub role i think they're all in the background here
We live in Portland, Oregon.
I know, you said that already.
Yeah, OK.
So anyway, I have a bad story.
That's how the dogs do it in Portland, Oregon.
Something goes by, they bark at it.
Because I'm here, as if you didn't know,
I'm in Portland, Oregon.
Well, they do.
UPS truck, the mail truck, the, you know, delivery guy.
They all do.
Because that's how it is in Portland, Oregon.
I know.
so what do you have that
well i have a best by story today
a best by story let's hear a good best by story because they're usually bad
but you said they're usually bad
i brought in my little
web page of what i want to buy
and they were
selling it for like two fifty more on the store and i said you know what i
could buy it online
for two fifty left yes i said
well okay we'll just go ahead and uh... price point that for you
and like
uh...
okay sure
i did
ice about it
so they match the of the web price
exactly and how long did that take for them to do ninety minutes
no
two seconds two seconds
there's no such thing as something taking two seconds
it that's why i know it
i know i i was i was a little surprised i work for best but i don't you
you're wearing a blue polo shirt right now aren't you
with a yellow name tag that says dead on it
uh...
she won those dirty geeks waters
no
and i think i think i
i have a guy
who do you think would win a fight the geeks what guys are the fire dog guys
fired up
thank you i don't know who they are but
but fired up definitely that's how it is
exact in portland or again maybe the uh...
Firedog guys work for Circuit City are a little tougher here and
I don't know. Thanks, Deb
FM you you're on the air
Sameer quality caller
Doing okay. How are you tonight?
Good. Thanks. I was in New York over the weekend and from my sister's apartment
Overlooked the river and on the other side. I could see Jersey City and it made me think of you and the show. Oh, let's wait
could you see the colgate clock
uh... not too clearly no i don't know if it's a there's a giant clock you
couldn't see that
if you saw jersey city you saw the clock
i mean i thought you're the city in terms of that's josey city on the other
side of the river i don't know if you can watch detail on the phrase and
there's a clock
a giant clock
i don't think you saw jersey city
uh... i promise i'm not lying just to found cool
i'm telling because because when you look at it
the anybody who looks at it goes
what's up with that giant clock
it's like all that's jersey city
the giant colgate clock
uh... we don't know what the next time we hear
you look a little closer
i will now know to look for it
what do you have for me some air
uh... i've got a i've got something
never again
Last year, I was part of a fantasy soccer league
with a bunch of my friends from back home in England.
And I got a little, I don't wanna say obsessed,
but I got a little more into it than perhaps is healthy
so that one day like my Friday nights
you have to finalize your team for the weekend
and one Friday night the internet was down at my house
so I couldn't do it from here
so I actually got in the car, drove to my college,
got just sat outside because it was a Friday night so obviously everything was
locked. That in the courtyard got on the college wireless network and made
changes and this was when my girlfriend was up visiting and a couple of other
friends were around and I just said got to do this first and after that she had
to sit me down and say this this is a little much so never again am I going to
get that obsessed with it. Although I'm in the league this year with some other
friends of Tom and I'm getting beaten pretty horribly in it so I guess I'm
learning my lesson see you got caught up in it now God is punishing you that's
what that's what it was and now he's getting his revenge so you rock
button so this is you picking different soccer soccer team as soccer players
years.
Yeah, I'm in the Premier League.
Like who?
Like Franz Beckenbauer?
Guys like that?
No, I wish.
He's a legend.
It's people who are still playing now.
Who play every week.
Okay.
You know what?
I'm glad you have it in check.
Exactly.
So I don't mind getting beaten in the league this year if it means that I'm a little more
sane.
Good.
Good.
Thanks, Amir.
All right.
No problem.
FMU you're on the air. Hi Thomas it's Charlie in Seattle. Charlie in Seattle
what's going on? I'm not too much. How are yourself there? In Jersey City. Doing
okay. What's the mood in Seattle tonight? Pensive? It's the end of summer. It's
beautiful in Seattle. It's sunny, it's still green, it's really good. Summer's almost
That song, that's a great song, right?
I don't know.
Is it the doors?
Yes, it is the doors.
I just have my own question.
I never heard the song before.
By my bloated, overblown, the way I was singing it?
It's drone.
There's a bit of a drone to it.
That Morrison sort of...
One of the worst.
Jim Morrison.
One of the worst.
What do you got for me, buddy?
for me buddy
i gotta never again
the max door
uh... what is it
well i could like often was was
uh... gracious and i think you got me a uh... an iphone three g for for a
birthday present
i'm not you know
morally opposed to mac products but uh...
so i want to go by a uh...
thirty-five dollar rubber sleeve
to go put over my
my new iphone
okay and and the max or at the sort of uh... the future of retail
where there's there's no there's no check out counter there's no sort of
actual people to help you decide these weirdos walk around in
orange t-shirt that you have got back down
guys walk around the weird little it's like the up s man
yet they have to be sort of like
accessories plugged into them and stuff and i don't know if they're really
there to help me if they're sort of like uh...
you know they look like a pit boss or something that they're kind of like
strutting around the store
and uh... so i have to i'm like looking around trying to check out and i i
i was walked up to the genius bar and i thought it was the uh...
the registers and i thought i'm sorry this is a genius bar and the places
mob
to it it looks like the uh...
the trading floor on the uh...
naz back or something it does and that's a good point
and uh... you know that there's like a two-hour wait to even go see the
genius bar to have someone teach you how to use i-photo or something
and then uh...
so they said no you have to find this people walking around with mobile
register check out
and you have to find them and they'll they'll bring you up and they email you
your feet
so i i put the rubber sleeve back on the shelf and i walked out
to utilize the max door again i'll buy apple products apply online and from
other people but i couldn't really
i can't go forward with them in the future of retailing i'm just going
protest sort of
did you try at least to find someone or were you just like i'm done with this
i'm not going to go look for someone
i can't play ball with you here i can't i can't get on board this is what you should
have done
you should have held up the sleeve you should have just gone
i want to pay for this will someone ring me out
i i i felt like doing that but then uh you know there's such a vibe of uh
cool going on in there that i didn't you want to know what
that is you you have some serious low self-esteem if you think there's a
the vibe of cool going on in that place
that is that is uh...
there is nothing cool about it what do you mean about the people working at the
apple store or cool
well uh... there's air they put on air is what i meant to say not they are cool
but that they they uh... they make me feel
they make you feel like nothing
you were there they work for you
they work for you at the apple store
I wasn't getting that feeling when I was trying to flag one of these runners down.
You know you put that feeling on yourself.
This is what you say.
Hey, I gotta pay for this.
Like when one of the people, this is what I would do if I was you.
You go over to like the iPhones and one of these nerds is like demonstrating an iPhone
and these guys will say anything about these iPhones by the way.
I heard one guy say, I'm probably going to use this as my primary computer now.
It's like, no, you're not. It's a phone.
Yeah, you can really type with, you know,
you can do thumbs over this.
Exactly.
You can use this. Yeah, you could do a word.
You can write in word on this thing.
I'm probably going to use this as my primary computer.
I want to go talk to that guy now and go, uh,
like, uh, hey, yeah, it's pretty good.
You got rid of your primary computer now.
Huh? I'm just using that all cheapo iPhone, huh?
No, I don't think it can even handle flash.
No, it can't.
It's a phone!
So you go up behind that guy.
This is what I would do.
You go up behind that guy, right?
Just push him in the back.
Just push him forward into one of like those countertops
and just go,
I was just like,
bump forward into like,
right?
And then you just go,
it turns around.
Let's go.
Yeah, I want to ring out.
Or this is what I would do to get attention.
Go over to the thing, pick up an iPhone.
You know, they have like that,
They're attached to that zip cord, I guess,
and go up about three feet,
pick one up for your left ear,
one for your right ear,
and you just go like, hello, hello,
talking into two iPhones,
and then someone will come right over.
It's a good idea.
I have to, like, thank you for that.
These guys are not cool.
They're not cool at the app, it's cool.
No, no, they're not at all,
quite as I agree.
I grew up in film field in Germany.
Okay.
Almost.
All right, your phone's, you're right there?
Yeah, no, is the iPhone failing me?
Yeah, your phone, all of a sudden,
sounded like you were walking away from your phone.
You know what, you know, this is it.
Those guys at the Apple Store, more power.
They're working, good for them.
These guys are not cool, they're one striped shirt away
from working in Footlocker, these people.
Yeah, no, it is, you're exactly right.
You have a good night.
FM you're on the air.
Hey Thomas, John from Maple Witch.
John from Maple.
This is a quality caller.
How are you tonight?
I'm doing alright.
How are you?
Doing okay.
Thanks for asking.
You know, it's interesting you just mentioned Jim Morrison a second ago.
Yes.
About a couple of months ago, a group of us at work went out for a beer after work.
And I happened to make the argument that Jim Morrison was one of the worst lyricists ever.
Yeah.
and uh... there was a new guy sitting next to me
and my friend made the line like the finger across the neck move uh...
like stop
yeah because he because this guy's uh... doors fan
well super doors fan that's a thing it turned out he's in the doors cover band
uh...
and i was sitting there going off at the mouth about a way of the west is the
best what kind of work is that and yeah
the blue bus is calling us
and uh...
but uh... i gotta show the guy respect he didn't he didn't say a thing
Who who is he in the door's cover band? Um, he is one of the he is a guitarist. Yeah, he doesn't care
He's just interested in going
He's like doing those guitar, but right
Yeah that's true.
He probably feels like history has already passed judgment and it's a positive judgment
and he doesn't care about my opinion.
So anyway, the reason I was calling, I was actually calling about a never again.
Let's hear it.
The circus came to town and it was Fourth of July and I brought my kids.
And it was one of the biggest mistakes in my life.
Why is that?
Well, first of all, it's forced to rely in a giant tent, so it was like a sweat lodge.
And you know, there's all these miserable animals jumping around.
Yeah.
And but then the worst part came about halfway through where they handed, the clowns came
out and they handed all of the kids whistles.
Really?
Yeah.
So for the second half of the performance. Yeah, that's good for the animals
Exactly have clown
Yeah, yeah guys got a lion and I mean while so there's a hundred kids blown whistles
It was terrible
No, I hate the circus. I try I truly do I do too. I wish I wish I liked it. You know, I wish the circus was likable. It's not
it's it's just mean and and
It's time to end the circus.
Well, yeah, it was not just the meaning for the animals, it was the meaning for the people
who play the clowns too, I mean.
Trust me, if I was a sheriff of a town, when the circus rolled in, I would have a thing
set up right on the edge of the town, we would do full security checks on each member of
the circus.
And I would guarantee the circus would not be going on that night.
probably they could do the circus in a phone booth
by the time we started booking people on uh...
on what whatever rap sheet they uh... they got
a lot of a lot of uh...
mugshot at the police station of the
sword swallows and stuff
would be like our white white the face paint off i want to see what you look
like
circus
thumbs down
is not the thirties anymore we don't need circuses
it's true there's there's many other forms of entertainment yeah
now it's great
now you gotta see the way of all the animals are jammed into the tini's
cages possible
and then they come out and uh... when they're when they're out of the cage
they get humiliated
and then put back in the cage again
and then they get brought out and laughed at and humiliated again
and you'll never believe what happened the elephant went crazy
like they weren't like people didn't expect that yeah now they pushed them
to that point
it's true thank you john you have a good night you too
fm you you're on the air
com yes
this is pajec uh-oh
in toronto
how's it going on
going on right pajec first of all pajec i just want to say i i forgot to
make an exciting announcement i have uh...
for the third part of tonight's show i'm actually going to have a special
guest
uh... really yes uh... with it
he's uh... a guy uh...
you know the band uh... wednesday rockets
It's Chris Langstrom from the Wednesday Rockets is going to be calling in.
They have a new album just came out.
It's going to be pretty exciting.
So that's exciting.
Maybe you don't know them because you are from Toronto.
Toronto.
How are things in Canada tonight?
Everything's going pretty good.
I wanted to have a never again.
By the way, I will say to callers.
Take note.
This guy.
This caller of the year.
He's a he's a super caller and a power call. He's the only guy who did not lose super caller status. Oh my god
He will show you how it's done. See now. I'm gonna tube it completely. No, you won't you can't
We'll see. Let's see what you got Austin. I think you'll know what I'm talking about whenever I've used up
But I said never again. Well, I'm here the thing. I'm on the fence. Yes, I need any dude talking off the list
And never again buying the Big Lebowski on DVD.
Yeah.
Every two years there's a new version of it.
And I said never again, actually I'm going to talk to you before about this, about the
last box that and you said don't do it and I did it.
And what was the extra feature in that one?
I think you got a couple of pictures from Jeff Daniels, you know like private collection.
Yeah.
A couple of his photos.
Yeah.
I would actually be interested in the new one which is a bowling ball. I think you just get the documentary on the Big Lebowski Fest.
Yeah. These guys who were obsessed with Big Lebowski. Now I got to watch this guy see who can dress like Donnie.
Yeah. It's, I don't know. But you know what, the sad thing is I'll probably still do it anyway.
You'll still pull the trigger on that big Lebowski. The new one actually does have photos taken by Jeff Daniels though.
Oh, really? Oh, good. Actually, it's just exciting.
They're photos from... Like you Polaroid?
Yeah, they're photos from the set of...
Doming Domer?
Doming Domer, yes. They're Jeff Daniels photos.
It's very exciting. They're photos from the set of Arlington Road.
That'd be a really... That'd be the bottom of the barrel bonus for a DVD from the movie.
Yeah, that would be so great. It's like Jeff Daniels did photos for this.
I remember one time, look, I don't talk too much about this, I was working on a commercial.
commercial for the music television corporation and these guys up there the
guys working on this thing these are the these were the it was it was I work up
there often I would work up there with a good friend of mine I was not working
with him this time okay I was working with these other two guys and they were
working on this thing was to promote some dumb movie I forget what movie it was
and they were like hey here's the way we can promote this we'll get you know we
got the TRL right downstairs total request live in the building right they
got stars coming through here all the time we'll get different stars to to
film different things to help promote the movie and like we'll get like John
Travolta to do a thing because he's coming in in a few days maybe we could
grab him for five minutes, get him to do something to help promote this.
It's like, he's not in this movie.
This guy's not gonna, yeah,
John Travolta's gonna start promoting some,
oh, I wish I could remember what movie it was.
It was so, it was so colossely.
It was like, it was like,
I knew nothing about how anything worked.
Right. But I knew that John Travolta
was not going to do this promotion.
I knew that just in my bones
that that's not how things worked.
and this is like an executive up there's like
they'll get john travolta maybe pull him on the side get him to do a little
thing here uh... like uh...
the john travolta for eight hasn't duffled yeah exactly john travolta's not
going to go plug other things
insane but that's what it would be like
the blind leading the blind yes i would love it though
if stars just did start promoting other movies
would that be so great
yeah women you know it would be uh...
you know that there's nothing else on the on the menu i want to go for go
with that
this denzel washington telling everybody to go check out burn after reading
the new film from the cohen brothers
i'm not in it
i had nothing to do with it yet i had nothing to do with it other than i am
a consumer of it
but go check it out
but i'm famous
so therefore yes i'm giving it my celebrity endorsement
yeah uh... i think i think that i would help
page and i don't know it's better than what's on the new one
you're still gonna buy that you're still gonna buy it
i don't know i guess i probably will
like thirty five bucks yeah and then you'll be staring at like some cheap
plastic bowling ball on your shelf
covered in dust
yeah it's it's
you know the saddest thing we add up you know we spent
on the vhs
the dvd
the box that
the new box that
and then probably the ultimate edition which will come out in
and at some point they will convince the cohen brothers
to actually get involved in the making of one of these things
these guys have nothing to do with any of this
you get footage of some guy uh...
some guy in in uh...
Santa Fe at one of these little bowski fest uh...
addressed up like uh... more like more of the bowski
and that's the bonus
yeah that's the bonus
paycheck
did it again
talk to you a good night
fm you you're on the air
hello com
it's me again
how are you doing tonight
okay
but never again
will i go to a star box
never again will you go to starbucks and why is that
i wouldn't have
i wouldn't have won
with my brother-in-law he wanted to get coffee
and i ordered
uh...
to my state
because it was there in the summer
yes
and
it was awful
it was horrible i mean top of the fact that they
i was trying to i want a medium
and the trick behind the counter you know when i was a grand day and all that
other <E.D.> that horrible woman
that horrible horrible female
well it wasn't because she was a woman because i i'm an you know i'm an
American I'm not into Bron day in American, you know Larry the cable guy you've ho
I'm an American
This guy think he is tell Spike no more tonight Mike no more
FM you you're on the air I come hi, who's this?
it. The return. Oh, I see. I thought you were groaning. No, I was, I was gasping with it
with a shock. I didn't call him last week. The return. I think it's been one week since
I called it. It's been like two months. No. Let me just say real quick, you're listening
to WFMU East Orange, WXHD Mount Hope, World Wide on the World Wide Web at WFMU.org.
This is the best show on WFMU.
My name is Tom Sharpling.
We have coming up in hour three of the best show, my special guest, the lead singer of
the band, the Wednesday Rockets, who have a new album out.
His name is Chris Langstrom and that's going to be later in the third hour.
So what do I owe the pleasure of this call, Laurie, from Miami?
OK, so I was catching up with the New Yorker magazine.
OK.
I'm like four weeks behind, more like five weeks.
All right.
And I'm reading this personal history.
I didn't get two paragraphs into it before I said,
I can't read this anymore.
This guy's a dish bag, and I just
need you to confirm whether i'm
john adam
the composer not
that
president
john adam's the composer
yeah he'd
he'd do the opera nixon in china and doctor a comic uh...
so anyway he went to harvard for six years
so he decides to move
san francisco
and, you know, sit off on his own.
And, okay, he just graduated.
Yeah, from Harvard, but, so what?
He says this, San Francisco housing was too expensive,
so in exchange for a free apartment,
I took the humiliating position of assistant manager
of the building just off Berkeley's famously
eccentric telegraph avenue.
Okay, you know, you just graduated from college.
I'd be happy to have a job so humiliating.
I should be so lucky to have had my first job
out of college and assistant manager of a building.
Is that a humiliating job?
No.
Why is he humiliating?
He doesn't go on to explain why he's humiliating.
She's the rich guy.
You know how they are.
You know.
I guess they do.
No, this is beneath me.
Like, it's just...
And why did he take six years?
Well, maybe he took good masters or something.
You know what?
But he didn't say that.
For all I know, he could have been one of those six-year students at Harvard.
I hate that magazine.
I hate it.
It's not that bad.
It has good stuff occasionally.
the homework magazine
these are the magazines i read
yes p on the magazine
highlights
cigar fishing auto
peta if it's not a parade
you know what killed me about the new yorker
the humor
or lack their uh... like but when when the alan or steve martin rates
humor pieces of shots and murmurs
i don't even read that anymore thumbs down painful thumbs down all around i
don't even try to read that dumb magazine anymore
i've subscribed so many times and then they just did the pile up in my house and
throwing them all out of one
i've done that more than one
uh...
i'm in a bad mood
bad mood sorry
control a tom
control your bad mood
Read some more h-man status. I can't that will calm you down. I need to wait. I need to wait till they build up to
Okay, so there's gonna be like a nice a nice run of them, and then it will be meditative
Yeah, they are very calming. They are oh, and you know who I like who's that that new guy
You called in about the lemon meringue pie
What?
Last week, yeah, I don't well. He said you know you can't eat lemon meringue pie
Oh, yeah, I like that guy, but it was Boston cream pie. He was talking about you know, but then he said he can't eat lemon
But he likes lemon meringue pie and he might be watching you like he'll eat yeah, but he like look
I don't know what kind of pants guy like he's an alright caller though
We'll see if he if he steps back up to the plate. Well, I think he should be in the running for Ricky of the year
I don't want to jinx him though. We'll see. I still think Steve has the best shot at it
Stephen Julie thanks Laurie FM you you're on the air hey Tom how are you doing
okay who's this Martin and Edison Martin and Edison quality caller what's
going on not much this is a great topic thank you as I put myself through that
like this never again question with things but sometimes I think maybe I'm
overreacting it's like how many times you go through something before you call
like they never again yes like you know it's like job situations or even like
simple things like bad coffee or bad food yes well what comes to mind for
you Martin for a never again yes well my wife and I stepped into a an American
apparel store yes and it was really bad I mean like I've always kind of seen
their clothes or whatever and we're like hey let's go and check this out and we
go in and there was the filthy is like raunchy music playing in the store that
said it was like an anti-scene that like what gg alan anti-scene it almost
that bad and it was just it was just some kind of weird like club rap it was
just it was so bad we just looked at each other and we didn't even say
anything we just walked right out it was so I gotta say I'll never step but in
in another american apparel store
never again american apparel
thank you martin
you do it and you do it and you do it again each and every week
the unsung heroes
you do it every week
that is true
fm you you're on the air
he's at me
yes it is you're up
it's dead from portland again
how are you dead
i'm great how are you doing all right
well i just
wanted to point out a little minor
name in the
iphone thing i'm sorry yes go ahead go ahead no no well he was calling up the
mic
via max door in seattle
that's a privately owned business
and actually apple store is the only one that sells the iphone
Except now, except, I guess, Best Buy.
Sell them now.
Can you believe it?
You work for Best Buy.
I do not.
You've done nothing but call up about Best Buy tonight.
Well, I just happened to know that they sell them
because I was there today.
Oh, I don't like this.
I feel like this is stealth marketing.
I feel like it's stealth marketing.
Hey, you know what else I have to say?
McDonald's coffee sucks.
Hey, you can't say that about McDonald's coffee. Allegedly. I don't know what FM you're on the air. Hey, Tom's Alvarone Glenn Mills.
Alvaro? Yeah. How are you tonight, Alvaro? Good. I'd like to foremost apologize to my phone
dying last time I called in. Oh, well, that's okay. Alvaro, I accept the apology. Excellent. Are you
excited about uh... are you fan of the wednesday rockets
uh... yeah i've i haven't heard of them
every interview that i've heard on park i've been good
all right
i've never had the guy on before
now no i mean other interviews that you've done
i'll tell you interview all thank you i appreciate that well what do you have
for me alvarado well
i'd like to say that you're not complaining
you're just
sounding off
yes when people say you're complaining you're not complaining
you're sounding off i am sounding off
you can have a book deal you've got to see it you're not complaining that's right
you want to know what though
you're right you're a hundred percent right
but i gotta be a big man now
you you're the better man you're the best
i'm like that pearl jam song better man
you know that song
yet do
can you get me the pearl jam song better man
can't think they can't find the better man
can't find a better man
can't find a better man
watching
all they'll see if he goes
and all the world to
come on in
that guy's just like Jim Morrison
now that I'm realizing it
like literally.
Like literally.
She wants him now.
I feel like you can understand Jim Morris in 90% of the time though.
She wants him to be this way.
So I got one for the topic Tom.
Let's hear it.
Okay.
It's like going back to when I was a kid.
I'm right.
Like 11 or 12 years old.
Yes.
I was really into magic.
You know, not like, you know, magic tricks, learning magic tricks, because I was, I didn't
know any better yet.
Okay.
And I went to a fair and saw a live magician.
And I figured out because I had seen, you know, tricks in books, how he had done one of
the tricks.
Okay.
I was super excited.
And after he was done, like, I ran up and I was like, I know how you did that one trick.
He was like some people like to enjoy things instead of being on f-word jerk
What that's about how old were you now 11 11, and how old is this magician this magician better have been 12 he had gray hair
Yeah, and I looked young for 11 too. I was one of those kids who looked young magician
Yeah, but you know what I never again, and you know what I kind of feel like he saved my life in a way
He took you off tour. He took you off course for magic
Well chances are in a year. I was gonna forget about it anyway, but there's also a good chance that right now
You'd be you'd be backstage somewhere jammin a dove up your shirt sleeve trying to get an autograph from from Penn
Yeah, but you'd also be you'd probably be at some
Low rent a magic place doing magic because that would have affected you
Right, but you would have loved magic and right now you'd be
I'd be that guys. I'd be that guy's under study. Yes. Oh, you got spared young man. You got spared. Thanks for calling. All right
FM you you're on the air. Hey, what's up, Tom? It's Frank from we hawking Frank from we hawking this
Is a quality caller? How are you? I'm all right? I have one for the topic now. How are you doing? By the way?
I'm doing okay. Thank you for asking very polite. No problem. Sorry. I
Have one for the topic. I'm pretty sure
Well, let me let you engage it.
The building I work at, there's this elevator guy, and his job is to hold those doors open
for the people to walk in, right?
Every time I'm about to walk to the elevator, the thing closes.
But if I'm like a fair distance, I remember last week we had the discussion with the holding
the door open thing.
If I'm like a safe distance for someone like if I held the door open for a woman and she
walks past and we're like the same distance apart, he'll let her in.
Close on me like so I feel discriminated against being male like you know, whatever
So might never again if I stopped
Using him as the elevator guy I walk up to the the first floor
Mm-hmm, and then I get the elevator myself from there
I totally bypassing him. Is that considered like a you know never again?
I'm never again gonna deal with this elevator guy not playing the game with this this guy this guy's rubbed you the wrong way
You're not playing the game anymore. Yeah
Look, guy wants to be pulled a little more polite to a lady. That's fine. I'm always nice
I'm always a little nicer to ladies than to men. I am
Yes, that's how I was raised. I see I see some of these animals on the different message boards saying bull time
It's too easy on ladies when they call up
He was ever hang up or if a guy said the same thing
Yes, I would hang up on a guy who said the same, and I'm raised well.
A treat ladies with respect.
Think it's easy.
It's cold manners.
Think it's easy.
Thank you, Frank.
It's cold manners.
Think it's easy for a lady to call up this show.
Spike.
All these monsters calling.
You think that's easy?
So you've got Mike, first of all.
They've got to talk to Mike.
This guy's out there.
I don't even want to know what he's talking to them about.
about sometimes I hear the things they're talking about he was asking one
person I heard him talking about astrology like what's your sign what this
that do you like Thai food unbelievable I have no idea what he's doing out there
I wouldn't call if I was a lady so when they do get through I show him a little
more respect thank you Frank it's called manners you are quality caller
mike on four four is this uh... is this chris
chris
and com
yes
and i think chris
all thanks i'm doing pretty good chris uh... just every this is chris
lanks from from uh... the wednesday rockets
is pretty exciting how are you tonight i'm doing good uh... new album uh...
drops today reconciled yes
and it's very it's very exciting congratulations on that thank you uh...
as i said came out today and i've been told it's uh... it stands a really good
chance of uh...
knocking off death magnetic
wow really uh... the metallic albany
but that's fantastic i i had you are
i guess for for people who are are not aware of uh... the wednesday rockets
you are the
i guess you'd be the front man the the singer
songwriter exactly and and uh...
you guys this is what your fourth album fourth album and you are from uh...
new bridge exactly yeah
so it's always nice to give a little bit of props to way uh...
successful person from new bridge we appreciate you
taking the time to come on the show and uh... congratulations absolutely well
thank you so much and i'm i'm very excited and uh...
specially excited about uh... reconciled
and i thought
put my heart my soul into this and uh...
I'd probably say the most excited, important thing about it is that my dad plays on the record,
plays lead guitar on it.
Really?
Yeah, yeah.
Wow, that's exciting.
So your dad is also a musician, I'm presuming.
Yeah, although, you know, I really didn't know that until about a year ago.
You know, it's no secret that the main, I don't know, the main theme of our first three records,
Kid Pain, the life I never had, and crying on the inside, were about how my dad left home,
you know, when I was three, and all the years of pain and, you know, and struggle and doubt that followed.
So that must be pretty meaningful to you to have your dad now kind of be a part of the fold.
oh absolutely you know uh... it's it's no uh...
accident that the album is called reckon found you know because we did
reconcile finally uh-huh he heard he heard the record
um... i was not the wall of you hear this one i guess he he heard your music
over the last uh... few years you know we heard that
he'd been a i guess what i'm meaning to say
he's a fan of uh... of the band and has been a fan of the album to you guys have
put out
not really uh... as far as i know no he uh...
he didn't work
that the interesting thing he really didn't uh...
know about
me
what and what i was doing until he thought that uh... that issue of rolling
stone last year
for for the uh... that was that must have been for the for the last record
exactly yeah that right on the inside when that you know when that blew up
you know that was that was like a top
five album up five yep yeah okay
and that was the one that kind of put you guys on the map exactly yeah okay
and that that's when he
that's when you kind of got back in touch with with your dad
no he actually got a hold of me
okay at that point i had tried to get a hold of him over the years you know i
die but uh...
you know i i i i couldn't i couldn't find him it was like he was he was like
It was in hiding or something, you know, but like I said, I'll never forget the date.
July 16th, 2007, I was getting ready to do a gig.
We're doing two gigs at the Oregon in Chicago.
And I got this message from our tour manager that my dad called.
And I'll tell you man, I was shaking.
Really?
Oh my God, I was so nervous.
You know, you got those feelings inside, you know, I'm not going to lie, it was like
severe hatred.
Sure.
you know form but also you know you want to connect to
because he had not been a part of uh...
anything of anything for you up until
yeah so so i call them back after the show and
he said you know i i i really want to apologize to you in person uh...
so you know i think about it but yeah i ended up flying them back to l.a. a few
weeks later and
he spent with me ever since you know we have a lot of catching up to do
you know that's really cool and that was um
that was him kind of reaching out to you and
he that was the first he had heard of your stuff
like when you guys that when you guys kind of broke through
with crime on the inside yeah um... you know he thought he saw that cover and uh...
you know i'd actually send him
the other albums over the years you know i i sent them to him through my i guess
what you call my estranged uncle his brother okay
and uh...
you know i never
I never heard anything, you know, but you know, it is interesting now come to think of it.
When I was helping my dad move to LA, you know, with me, in his box of CDs and stuff,
you know, he has all the CDs he's had over the years and stuff, you know, they like.
And I did find three of those CDs.
I mean, they were definitely the ones I sent, but they were in different cases.
really kind of weird yeah of the of the first ones that that I guess were kind
of your your first couple records were were not big records I guess commercially
no not at all not not successful the first two weren't but you know but of
course crying on the inside was owes the breakthrough that was a million
seller yeah because you had gotten I guess decent notices for the first couple
yeah yeah
well so so he had them
well you know what i i guess i i hope i'm not overstepping a a uh...
a line here or whatever it's so you so
your dad uh...
you said is a musician
yet uh... you know it turns out he he had banned over the years and stuff and
you know he tried to get a career going but you know he said his manager
you know it's manager drop the ball and i guess you got kind of some label in
the label for the choke job and then he had to move to europe for
you know for reasons i'm
i'm still not really sure of and he was actually living in Norway when he saw
the rolling stone cover
okay now and uh... and then you flew him uh...
you flew them all the way to l.a. with the end
exactly yeah
now it again this is uh... does not meant to be a rude
question
it's a see it's it's one of those things it's it's kind of
I guess it's part of being famous
and part of getting attention and notoriety
is people coming in and out of your life.
And I guess there's some sort of coincidence,
some sort of correlation or whatever you wanna call it
between you kind of blowing up
and then it sounds like your dad kind of came back
when you got popular.
Like that's what, it seems like you were definitely
reaching out to me it sent them the first couple records yeah and then but
you weren't hearing back from them and it was according to what you said by
seeing him in the in the box you know he had him yeah so but then when you kind
of when you when your band kind of took off right then all of a sudden you're
your dad's back in the picture is that is that a fair analysis of the
situation I'm not trying to upset you here I'm you know Chris I'm just trying
to ask you just if that's a fair because it's a pretty dramatic swing
there especially for somebody whose music is so much about right the issues
you've had with your father over the years like I mean like like you've had
like songs like childhoods and where did you go like these are right you know
there's even what's that what's that song off the first album it's a really
sad song oh I was my own father yeah yeah which I mean these things are as as
black and white about you trying to be pretty deep yeah I mean I go to the bone
definitely I'm not trying to reconnect with this guy who kind of you know
According to what you said, left you and your family high and dry.
Yeah.
Hey, it's a touchy subject I'm sure for you.
Well, they're trying to bum you out, especially today.
Your record's coming out.
Yeah.
Well, that is a touchy subject, that particular song, which is interesting because I was my
own father and my dad doesn't want us to play that in the set now.
Really?
Yeah.
It would be too painful for him to have to play that every night.
So it's too painful for him to kind of hear you guys playing that song is he sees you guys play
No for him to play
I'm sorry. What do you mean him to play for him to play on on guitar every night?
So is your dad your dad's not in the Wednesday Rockets now, is he oh, yeah, why well that's all I didn't know that oh
Oh, yeah, yeah, he's got he plays on the record. He's gonna be in the touring band, too
He's essentially a you know, our fifth member now really oh man
Now I feel really I
Was in such a good place before this call. I'm I'm really sorry and now everything is like
I'm just doubting everything now. I'm in a big I
Wasn't that was not my crisis. That was not my goal here. I guess
We can kind of, you know, let everybody know, you know, the new album is in stores today.
I don't even care about it now.
I'm not, I'm going to cancel the four, I think.
No, no, don't.
It's called reconciled.
I don't know.
Is it?
It is.
And you guys are, that's also exciting.
You guys are playing Saturday Night Live, right?
Yeah, I might not now.
They can do it without me.
Well, don't don't know. I'm sorry
Look, I I got it. Go. I I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I want to thank everybody in Newbridge for
you know for
Being there over the years and I don't know who knows. Maybe I'll see you again. I
Well, I look I was not trying. I don't know. It's not trying to bum you out. I apologize. Can I everybody Chris?
man I kind of put my foot in my mouth on that one but it just it's kind of
glaringly obvious the guy's got it just seems like his dad's motives are maybe a
little less than then then then you know noble oh man let's get uh let's take
some more calls 201 209 9368 the topic is never again fm you you're on the air
hey Chris I'm a big fan of the Wednesday Rockets I've been a listening to Chris
Good pain Chris Chris hung up what yeah, who says this is it's Frank again from we talk
And I was a big fan of with the rocket. We you just missed him buddy. Sorry. All right. Thanks
FM you. You're on the air. Hi
Mrs. Melanie from Chicago Melanie from Chicago. How are you tonight? I'm fine. How are you doing? Okay.
What's going on with you?
I was actually calling because I had a man, what was the topic?
That college just sent me for a loop.
Yeah, that was a little intense. I did not see that going that way.
I almost cried.
It's sad, I mean I just, the guy's songs, the guy's whole career has been around this
thing with his dad skipping out on the family and now it's, it's just things like that make
me uncomfortable when it's, when these guys who are not a part of people's lives, all
of a sudden become a part of their lives when, when things are on the, you know, a turn for
the better.
But check this out.
Yes.
He had a what?
he'll have a new song after this he will you know that's a good point you can
maybe turn this into a inspiration for his next set of songs yeah he could
name his next song and I don't need any kind of payment for this but he could
name his next song Mirage Mirage I like that yeah he had a
Marache is his dad. Yes, it is life. It wasn't or oasis. Well, no, that would be happy.
Marache. Marache, I like that. Yeah. Oh, you're right. You're very creative, Melanie.
I try to be. Mike didn't ask you any weird questions, did he? When you called in? Uh, no.
Good. He didn't. Good. He didn't ask you. Very appropriate. Good. I'm trying to just make
make sure he's saving a gentleman
okay that's all we're about here being gentleman
yes it's good to be a gentleman yes well thank you melony
you what was the topic again never again
oh oh oh oh okay you got something you got something for yes yes what is it
and it happened today
never again last sit next to the sleeping guy on the bus
never again will you sit next to the sleeping guy on the bus wise that he was
was his head fell over on your shoulder?
Slouchlet.
Oh, man.
Terribly. And the bus was full.
And I couldn't get up and move. I had my backpack with my laptop and stuff.
I had this purse and then I had another bag.
It was like if I tried to move, I was going to fall or something.
So I'm sitting there with my face and my shirt.
And eventually it started coming through.
it was bad it was really bad really bad you know and I don't know it you know
my tire my my um it's the two tires that were cut and then I went out and the
back tires
black
oh man
yeah
so i've been
come on people lay off melony
you know this let them keep giving themselves that bad um... energy
you don't think it could be my question
do you think that could be mike
i don't think it's like
keep there
or to get i mean they have plain just doesn't
he was bragging about how he was in chicago
he was here when he was bragging about how he went to a knife show in chicago
all
and said he bought a new knife called the slasher
and the point he bought another one called the puncturer
oh no
i don't know i hope i hope
coincidences don't lead up
i'm gonna i'm gonna investigate this melody
they're still going for probably i mean not probably because but uh...
you have a good night
at the new year on the air
hey tom is listening to listen to you from california quality caller what's
going on thank you very much quality show
try have
something to the topic
let's hear it
uh... never again
will i spend
uh... too much for uh... stupid uh... telephone headset
you know i when i when i got my new phone they were like you want the blue
tooth thing and i was like okay yeah whatever and it was it wasn't a lot but
it was still more than i thought i wanted to spend
i just picked up something yesterday at the ninety nine cent store uh...
it works
by a handful of them you know and it's a lot them break let them break every
month
yet exactly exactly i i i wouldn't spend in in two years what i spent for stupid
Bluetooth that you know runs out of batteries after an hour and these are
just you know they're just the earpiece and you plug it in and you know it breaks
you lose it no big deal 99 cents you are saying never again and forever more
forever thank you yes I love it listen to you are top-notch you will thank you
caller I thank you for tonight's call and I salute you oh thank you very much
I just want to shout out to Quimby. She's in the city tonight. Well, she's actually a giant stadium at the new kids concert
Dream of a lifetime. Yep. That's very exciting. Yeah, she's very excited actually last Christmas
I actually got her a vintage new kids t-shirt, which was one of the the few things she never had
She had pins and posters and all that stuff in the
You could chart the value of new kids merchandise it probably was like
There was that point where they couldn't give the stuff away. Oh, absolutely. And then suddenly
Lays low for a few years now all of a sudden those little kids are getting a little older. They want it
Exactly, and you know what those people should be bailed out
Those are the people who invested in beanie babies. Why don't they get their money back?
You want to know what you make a great point those people are the ones who have sunk so much money into the
This is a collectible beanie baby. It's ants. It's an anneater.
Yeah. Oh wait. You have to have all of them. You have to have every last one of them and they have to be in perfect condition.
I got the special turtle dove. Check it out.
Oh, I got Garcia Bear. Garcia Bear special edition tie-dye.
You know what? The beanie baby thing is coming back though.
It will. Just gotta hold on to it long enough.
everybody uh... save those beanie babies
someday they really will be worth something
you know it's worth stuff is the the junk that people
have and then they smash up
and that there's not there's not three of them left in decent condition
like an evil can evil uh...
motorcycle you know
yes action figure exactly
yeah
kind of thing stuff like that is what's worth money it's like now it's like
when you go by it and they sell glass like a little plexiglass cases for
something that size already
it's never going to be worth anything
yeah no no the somebody's already somebody's are you wrong the last fruit
out of the last two set of that for it's already being preserved
yeah if you're if you're
slapping everything that you you get immediately it's like well why did you
love this stuff in the first place and exactly
you know, whatever, go ahead.
Sure, listen.
Yeah, no, I think it's worth $1,500.
That's how much you paid?
No, no, I mean, but there's, you know, you look at, there's comic books, there's baseball
cards, there's that kind of stuff, it's all speculation.
You know what I'm still holding on, I have a copy of a Dazzler number one, which-
Well, there you go.
I'm pretty sure this is-
Unopened bag.
What's that?
Unopened bags.
No, I have it. It's actually, uh, I actually have it in my garage.
Oh, all right.
The garage door opens and closes on it every day.
I still think it's going to be worth money.
Fingers crossed. Thanks, listen to T.
Good to left, thanks.
Huh?
25 minutes left in the show tonight.
25 minutes left.
201-209-9368.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, Tom, how are you doing?
Doin' alright, who's this?
Uh, this is Matt from New Orleans.
Matt from New Orleans, what's goin' on?
Not too much, I got something for the topic.
Let's hear it.
Never again, am I going to list anything on Craigslist.
Why's that?
Well, I mean, I remember back when I was in college, it was, you know, right at kind of the infancy of Craigslist.
You go on there, you get, you know, a knife, living room cable for twenty bucks, you drive to the person's house, and then the money.
Loaded it now. I'm trying to sell a couch, and I just listed it yet yesterday
I've already gotten five you know responses, but all of them are like I
Have a shipping company that's in California. Let me wire you some money than you wire
I mean, it's like yeah, it's all it's all scams now
I mean like I figured Craigslist was like I don't even understand how they profit from sending me a bad
Money order for a couch, but that seems to all that how much you're looking for for that couch
Five hundred dollars for a couch.
Five hundred?
Yeah.
Put it up in the grocery store.
Why don't you take a nice picture of your couch,
make a copy of the picture,
hang it in your grocery store.
You know, I didn't think about that.
I've seen those.
Do you think that would work?
I mean, I'm sure I wouldn't get any of these wire fraud.
Think locally.
That's what I thought Craigslist was.
I mean, I really thought, you know,
I can't believe that even Craigslist now is not even...
It's a six ed world my friend. It's a six ed world
But you know how they make money off of off of the scams. I do not know I do not know
I you know what though. I'm sure they do though. They have some weird angle where they're gonna drain your bank account
They must watch the I'm gonna take your advice. Thanks a lot for the taking my call. Oh have a good night
If I'm you, you're on the air. Hi Tom. Hi, who's this? Emma from Toronto. Emma from Toronto.
I've it. Up and comer. How are you doing tonight? I'm great. Thank you. How are you? I'm doing
okay. I have a never again. Let's hear it. A couple years ago, my, as a sort of like
birthday present thing. I really wanted a laptop and my parents agreed that like
I would they would pay for half of a laptop for me and so but the deal was
that it had to get it from like a used place. They wouldn't pay for half of a
new one. And so I did all this research and I went to like the most reputable
used laptop place in Toronto. Yes. And when I was buying it I noticed that the
The sales guy smelled like really bad, like really, just like 14 year old boy awful, but I was like, oh, this is like, whatever, he's a huge laptop and I'm like, it's not a big thing.
Yes, and you were going to put that aside.
I was going to put that aside, and I did, and I bought the laptop, and then I went home, and it turned out that it hadn't been the sales guy, it had been the actual laptop that he was selling me.
me and so for a couple of years now I've had a laptop that smells like a 14 year old boy and
I don't know how to fix that so never again am I buying a used laptop I don't know that sounds
like a nightmare never again with the used laptops in Toronto exactly Emma yes thank you so much Mike
is just telling me that I there's a call I have to take okay well you you go ahead and do that
have a great night thanks for calling FM you you're on the air this time yeah
it's Rod Langstrom what's that Rod Langstrom Rod Langstrom oh my god is this
D is this because Chris I just spoke to Chris Langstrom about 20 minutes ago
yeah I heard yeah what are you doing to my son uh-huh I that well I talked to
What are you filling his head with what do you live? I'm not filling your son's head with lies
I'm just talking to your kid. He called in to promote the new record and
then and then we were talking about it, and then there was like a
weird kind of
Little bit of a revelation about the way you reentered his life look
I don't know what you were feeding him. What is BS? I was not feeding him a bunch of BS. He's my son
Okay, that's my livelihood. What's that? That's that's my life. No
You're livelihood. You said livelihood. Who did you did? No, I didn't you said livelihood
Then you caught yourself and said life. Oh, I didn't you yut snuckle
Okay, well, you know, let's let's be straight with everything. Okay, your name your first name is what? Rod. Yes. Okay, so
Rod, you are the father of Chris Langstrom from the Wednesday Rockets and that guys. Yes. I guess they have been very
successful over the last year or so. What was it like for you? But he had sent to you every CD he had put out
including that the first two were not
that we didn't
well he said he did
and he said he saw them in a box when i guess
he was helping you move or something
he's lying
he's lying
there's no box
there's no box i don't have a box
well he said there was a box with all the cds in it that you know in
with all your CDs in it he saw
oh he must be sorely mistaken
uh... i don't know i've never heard that other stuff
well it's it's that one song
what song song i don't want to play
well which was uh... i was my own father something like that yum
uh... yeah which is a pretty sad song yeah that's a fantasy
well it's not exactly brought that up in rehearsal the other day uh... i'd like
no thank you
well that's right cuz you now are apparently a member of the band
the wednesday rockers plus papa
what's that the wednesday rockers plus papa that's the new name of the band
the wednesday what
rockers
all the name of the band is the wednesday rockets
the wednesday rockets
it's rockers right
no it's wednesday rockets
oh man
well that explains
how i was able to get wednesday rockers dot com
uh... uh...
yeah that might explain it well
well it's wednesday rock it's not going to be the classiest porn site out
there
oh my what is
wednesday rockers dot com yeah
well
classy all the models were going to wear the finest rubies and emerald
rubies and emeralds
that's emerald
what's that emerald
emeralds
like the cook
what who
no did it
uh... it's a it's called jewelry
yet no i know it and it's probably to porta have any
yet well it's emeralds is the type of jewelry
i don't think so so what so anyway you were saying it's called so Wednesday
rockets plus pop up yeah
and what is that
that's not the name of the band absolutely it is
so this band that is actually successful now right
has somehow because you have re-entered the picture you've tried
you change the name of the band
well that's that's insane wait till christ finds out
but he doesn't even know yet not really okay well that that's a lot of the
The shirts though, when you see them tomorrow, the shirts with the new name of the band.
Even though it probably says Wednesday rockers on them, right?
Well, I guess you could put tape, like masking tape over.
I don't know, make that R it T or something.
Yeah, I don't know about that.
Oh, man.
I'm trying to turn these guys on to some good sounds.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Because the band is kind of...
What do they even call it?
like what do they call like emo or something yeah yeah and you that's not
your sound oh god no no I mean I'm trying to make it you know clafier
uh-huh you know trying to get them into some cool stuff you know I'd love to get
the fish on this one song what's that the fish the fish yeah the what is the
fish Chris choir from yes Chris oh the base player from yes crack a triple
The album much doesn't sound like you do his name is yeah, that's the bass player for yes
Who's nickname was the fish? Yeah? Yeah? Well, you know him. Oh absolutely
I hang out with all those guys back in the day. Yeah, huh? Yeah with yes
Oh, yeah, uh-huh, and then you want to get him it worked into this or the Wednesday rock
Oh, yeah, I'd love for the guys to cover. You know some stuff from uh from Tuff toe
Turf toe?
Turf toe?
What is tuff toe?
Uh, tails from topographic oceans?
You prog dummy?
Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't realize that the abbreviation of tails from topographic oceans.
Yeah.
There's a lot of things you don't realize.
Yeah, I think there is, actually.
I am not a big prog.
Look, I think your read of me is just completely off mark.
Really?
Yeah.
So, well, let's just track the timeline.
Okay.
Your son is a, you leave when your kid is like three or four.
Had to bolt, yeah.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Why was that?
Just wasn't feeling it, I guess.
I don't know.
I was young.
Uh-huh.
How young were you?
Twenty-nine.
Well, that's not that young.
Sure it is.
That's way too old to be.
What?
Bolting.
So you took off.
History's full of guys who left their kids much older than me.
Lincoln.
And link oh, yeah, uh-huh. Yeah, I've never heard that. Oh definitely. Yeah, and who was the other guy?
The first guy of who did that? I don't know you're the one trying George Washington. Oh George wash
Yeah, I think he left really late too. So you're just trying to justify your your stand here. No, I'm not
Yes, you are. No, I'm not
So so you end up was a look you skipped out on your family. Yeah, I had to sell my my o's
Yeah, okay, I'm not even gonna correct you on that one, but what so you check out
You're I'm assuming you're following whatever. You're like one of those you're like a failed musician. I guess
No
No, you've never heard of the need
The need yeah, we were big in Norway. I never did hear the need yeah, we got a tape out okay, so you end up
Checking out going and doing your thing right your your kid tries to get in touch with you
through your brother says him well is it true
are between you and me
yeah yeah okay yeah I didn't like that that music
so he sends you the first couple albums and yeah I like it
that stunk uh-huh yeah still kinda stinks
yeah and and then you hear that it went then all of a sudden you see him on the
cover what rolling stone
yeah yeah so proud yeah and then you decide
This is as good a time as any to check back in.
Yeah, kind of a coincidence, I guess.
Yeah, look winky-dink.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Just happens to work out that way.
And then now fast forward a year and you're in the band.
Someone's got to bring these guys, you know, to a higher, better level.
Yeah.
And I think that's me.
Yeah.
So you're going to do that through your association with the bass player from Yes.
Hey, let me go a record saying this, okay? Yeah, I want nothing from these guys, okay?
Nothing nothing you want nothing to do with this nothing now you want nothing from it
I want nothing from it. He's my son. I love him. You want nothing. I want nothing
Except maybe my line of denim lingerie
What's that?
This this this clothing line I'm fooling around with it. It's just fun. It'll be it's a fun thing
Uh-huh. Yeah, so that's what you so you do want so you want nothing except for to launch a clothing line
It's lingerie. Uh-huh. It's tasteful and denim. Mm-hmm. No one else is doing it
Wow, I wonder why there I wonder what I know you also do it. Yeah, I know no
I don't know of anybody who's making denim lingerie. Okay
Great, so but that's all you want now just to get your clothing line. No, I mean that that's a laugh for me
You know, I I'd love to see you know to see these guys do do their best. Uh-huh with you in the band or
All right, I've got to be in the band. You know why why
Tom between you and me. Yeah, he's got her falling apart
Really? Yeah, they're doing more coke than I used to do back when I was playing sheet covers in clubs in Ibiza back in like 1980
Really? Yeah, so there's other band is a little is kind of oh my god
It's off the hook and and the sex stuff. Oh geez. Well either the other thing I caught Richie. Okay. Yeah. Oh my god
You'll never believe what I did. I don't want to know. I don't want to know. Okay. I don't want to know okay
So why not me to you know to?
To rescue these guys eventually. I mean I've told I've taken tons of lumps over the years
You've taken the lump. Oh, yeah, like like what well like literally
literally yeah well I'm a for starters I've been whipped by all the guys from
yes what do you mean whipped whipped what do you mean like beating the like
like living on the road and kind of worn out well yeah that but also whipped
with horse whips why oh hold on a second yeah the member the guys in yes I'm
sorry I correct that Rick Wakeman whipped me with a buggy whip okay yes
Whipped you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Those guys are all like champion whippers. Really? Yeah,
it's nuts. Even, um, even the guys from the buggles, uh, Trevor Horn and Jeff Downs.
Yeah. Incredible whippers. They were on one violent whippers. Yeah. They were on one
yes of the violent whippers. Oh, yeah. I mean, the guys in yes. Yeah. Incredibly cruel.
Really? They would whip and they'd whip you and laugh at you while you're bleeding.
Like why I
Good question. You may also want to ask John Anderson why he wants to drop me in the in the middle of the mores one night naked
What yeah, and did what I?
Had to find my way back. Uh-huh. This is some pub or something. Really? Yeah, that's I got there. He was just laughing at me
And why were you associated with these guys? I thought they were cool guys. Uh-huh. I still do I think they're the best
You still, well that's, I can't believe that you're still, you're still like idolizing these guys who sound like they treated you horribly.
They were just hazing me. I think if I saw him again, like right now, and I am who I am now in like a huge band.
I mean, I don't know if Craig told you, I mean, Chris told you, um, you know.
You don't even know your own kid's name.
Sure I do. That's the pet name I have for him.
Craig.
Craig, yeah.
yeah yeah it sounds like a slip of the tongue when
it does just now you're not you know what you're talking about
anyway i i don't know if chris told you
but it's looking like uh...
reconciled it's going to knock off that out by metallic uh... yeah
uh... magnet
yes yes whatever it's called yeah
so got that happening uh-huh and i think when uh... you know when john and
rick and steven hell in those guys uh-huh chris
here about that
they're going to say hey a bro come on over and jam with us you're in yes now
so you want to play what second guitar and yes and sing lead
and sing lead yeah don't you think i could do it with my voice
uh... will tell that your voice is pretty a pretty scratchy no
i would have a hard time picturing you hitting some of those high notes
oh do you want to hear me sing something like about uh...
i don't know give it a shot okay
and around the lake
marvin
i don't know if you
have that that's a little off for what that's me without like a shot of
burpin
oh great so your voice will get a little
probably a little more red look it's clearer all it gets clearer yeah
well i i i would
respectfully disagree with that i'm still shocked at the fact that these
guys
are so brutal
it's insane
i mean they would have like whipping
parties after shows
whipping who
i dropped my bourbon
you dropped your bourbon you're right there uh... over my uh...
uh... still acting on
uh... they would be jother i mean that was a weird thing
you think they would group either something they would with each other
but like the crew also like it would have been what did those guys think
when they're watching
the the rock stars who just played in front of fifteen thousand people nobody
watch it until the next day because they filmed it they filmed a watch on the
bus the next day
actual whipping
took place in private
with a camera
oh my god
those things are out there somewhere i just hope the ones of me getting whipped
on it aren't out there
this is terrible no well it is kind of terrible but it's got fun too
it's fun to what
get whipped by the guys like you turn around you're like oh my yeah that's
that's that's john Anderson all three eight of him
just having it out of my back three eight yeah oh he's tiny
he's only three foot eight it might be three six
the singer for yes yeah it's only the previous singer for yes
oh that's right there's sick now yeah i heard they have some new guy there
so well that's look i had no idea that this was even a
Part of yes at all. Oh, yeah anything. Oh, yeah, I mean don't don't tell you I'm just glad we're you know
This is definitely on the air wait
This is on the air you know, I'm not you heard it over the radio, right?
Did you hear your son on the radio? Oh, he called me in tears. Oh, okay, well, and I just googled
uh... new bridge high school radio station all i don't know how you got us
this is it he was on the rehe was on my show okay not a high school radio show
by the way i'm sorry junior high school
he was on it he got upset right he uh...
he jumped off and i guess he called you upset and tears you have to be like
he's accusing me of all this stuff yeah that sounds pretty true i think i
think uh... chris you can't listen to this this guy uh-huh you know
and then you called up a radio station first i called up uh... my old buddy
to uh...
pay you a visit later on tonight who's that uh... officer harris
all great yeah
uh... will fantastic
so this will be warned and also another friend of mine to call you up
and who's that uh... toward alversom
oh
that's fantastic
so so these guys are going to come after me oh yeah yeah uh...
because i know i was coming after you who
steve halle
steve halle
the guitarist from yes he's gonna whip you
he just had the biggest whip of all of them
really yeah
so i have to well you know what but i'll take my chances with steve halle
i i i i it's for some reason that does not scare me good luck
well i i think
your situation is a little gross with the this band
and i hope you'll do the right thing just let these kids uh...
just you know sinkers swam on their own merit you know that they have put the
work in and they're doing it and they're succeeding and you it's not just
because you
we're a little passed over in life
what is that
i'm hoping why
whipping what
what are you doing is cracking your with the on my own back
mike on yeah i'm i'm getting ready
I'm gonna go over to John Anderson's house.
Jeez.
Yeah.
I don't know.
This is...
Come on.
Come with me.
Rod, I...
Please.
Please.
No.
Come with me.
No.
Why?
Because I want nothing to do with this weird...
It's just weird now.
No, it's not.
You know, it's very weird.
I thought...
Are you with me?
Okay.
No.
No.
Goodbye.
How about call screen?
Goodbye.
I'm done with you.
Goodbye.
call screen, or whatever tray, or whatever his name is.
I don't even know what his name is anymore.
Oh, wow.
That was weird.
Started off congratulating this guy from Newbridge
with his hit album.
Oh my god.
We got a few more minutes.
Let's take a couple more calls.
FM you you're on the air. I will never again. You got James again. Unbelievable. James is
back. James is back. What a night. What a night. I love this dirty radio station. Speaking
of dirty. If you like your rock dirty, and your jazz jazzy, and your new wave wavy. Evan
Funk Davies is your man. I wish I could say yes. Sure. Change line. No, no, please, please.
This is fun, if you do what you've got to do, can you see the screen?
Evan actually has a very exciting treat for you all tonight.
Speaking of dirty, he's going to have Dr. Dirty, John Valby is going to be in the studio singing
his songs about the upcoming election.
It's guaranteed to be an x-rated night, so stay tuned.
For Evan Funk Davies coming up in a matter of a couple minutes here.
Just remember, go to FriendsAtom.com, register and sign up for the election so you can vote.
FriendsAtom.com, you register, you can vote every day or a couple weeks away.
I have one minute, I'm going to take three calls in one minute.
FMU, you're on the air.
This is Melanie.
Now that guy is the reason that Bush thinks that working multiple jobs, being a single
mom of multiple kids is uniquely American.
Yes.
He's the reason for comments like that from George Mucky Bush.
Thank you.
I got to go, Melanie.
Thank you.
Bye.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hello, Tom.
Yes.
I just wanted to say the woman with the smelly computer, what you can do is if you put something
like that inside of a ice chest, not with ice or water in it, and then put either charcoal
briquettes or activated charcoal, but you don't want to get it in the computer, and
let it sit for, you know, a good long while, you know, a week, it may get the smell out.
That's what folks who we do with used books will typically use to get like funky smells
out of burn.
All right.
Well, good advice.
Thanks.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi, Tom.
Who's this?
This is Bonnie.
Who?
Bonnie.
Bonnie.
The final call of the night.
How are you, Bonnie?
I'm really, really good.
How are you?
I'm doing okay.
I wish I had time to talk, though.
Evan is here, and he's got Dr. Dirty with him.
Right, right.
Well, hi.
How old are you, then, Bonnie?
Yes.
How old are you, young lady?
18.
I'm going to recommend you shut your radio off because the stuff that Evan and Dr. Dirty
have worked up for tonight very it's just it's just pure filth I heard them
I heard them rehearsing it in the hallway I was I got sick to my stomach
hearing it it's physically repulsive crank out your Josh Groban crank out
your Josh Groban yeah that's a good idea which song do you like that he does I
I like that one where it's like,
you lift me up, right?
Yeah, that one's pretty good.
What other one do you like that he does?
That's your favorite?
It's my least favorite of him.
Really?
Does he do that song,
singing it up,
on the night song,
the road way.
Right?
That was fun.
Yeah, that was fun.
Bonnie, Evan's giving me the high sign
and Dr. Dirty's doing some other sign
which I cannot talk about.
I have to go.
I understand.
Well, you had a great night.
Oh, thank you.
Oh, thank you.
I'm trying.
Huh.
W F M U E Starring W X H D Mount Hope worldwide on the worldwide web W F M U dot O R G. This
has been the best show in W F M U. We will be back next week for an exciting, exciting
program.
It's all coming into focus.
I'm telling you, no joke, we got special guests coming up.
There's going to be, I'm going to throw one word out here, a roast.
going to be a roast in the next few weeks. You're not going to believe it. We're working
on putting this roast together now. Star studded. Go to friendsatom.com, check it out
at myspace.com slash sharpling. Up next, Evan Funk Davis, which channel are we on here?
down here. That one. One, two, three, four, five, six. Let's try it out. Yes. I don't
hear it. Let's see. Let's try this one. Is that it? No. How about this? I don't know.
this one. There it is. It's on one of these. It's a very quiet song. Hey, Dr.
Darity. There's no way this song gets rockin'. No way. There's no way this song
starts rockin'. It's gonna be like this for five minutes and fourteen seconds.
Can I tell you?