I told them there wasn't one used to stand down.
Stop!
That's the radio show, ever.
Who's this?
Oh, no, here we are.
He's in it, squirrel.
Governor Valentine.
Alright, Crime, Silence.
It's Martin, Is Radical.
hes Reynolds.
Hey, Tommy is hardly ugly.
Where are we from?
Why? Maurice Kurt? Horrifying.
Hey, Thomas Bruce.
Howdy.
Who's this?
Genji Vitis.
Genji Vitis.
Yes, they have Rick Bologna at the wall. I guess you would.
I hate you.
It's Peter.
Hey, it's Steinberg.
Mm-hmm.
You are creepy and I'm hanging upon you.
Boing.
Roger Depp.
My name is Ollie Fairnock.
I'll say it. You'll hear it.
You'll do it.
I'll get it. You'll learn it.
I'll live with it and you'll die without it.
Smash your trash.
There's a call to people.
Good day.
What's up, Tom? It's Tristan.
Hey, it's Michelle.
Yeah, Tom. This is Jim Ripple. How you doing?
When I get to do the toilet talk now.
The vaudeville of the new century.
My name is Tom Riley. I'm calling from New Zealand.
Hey, man, it's Brian.
Ted, don't stand with that tent pole. It's a tent pole show.
Hey, this is Ted Lea.
Whaaaaaaaaaat?
This is Pete from the Future.
Hi, Tom. It's DJ Terry Chase.
Hey, from Knoxville.
Super caller.
It's off the top.
My name is Mike Zajak.
Get off my phone. I don't care.
And this is if he can, man.
I'm going to go to bed now, five for him.
Hey, Tom, it's Gordon.
Hey, Gordon, how are you?
I was in a band in the early 90s, my name's Jerry Page.
Tom, why need this, uh, Jeffrey Ludell?
It's a fat deceased, wilder right in the night, isn't it?
The distant franchise, have a home now.
I'm the hero of the distant franchise.
That's right!
WFM your mouth on week two!
We are here!
Doing it!
800-989-9368!
We've got a show planned for you tonight. Everybody's here. Ted Leo's here.
Pat Nasball on his way. Ben Gibber is here. Everything, but we got to get those funds
running in 899-368 or WFMU.org. Let's keep it going, people. Get off to a good start.
We can have a lot of fun. No calls, no fun. Very simple. What more can I say?
the team are you not entertained this is not what you're here
turn the music up turn me down cool let's go get him again it's time it's for
money money
bro, stand up
Big verse, I'm only big enough, my brother
Big enough, my barrow, I'm big enough to do it
I'm that barrow, plus I know my own flow is foolish
Total rings and things to sing about
Bring them out, it's hard to yell
When the barrows in your mouth, I'm in
New sneakers, due cedars, few divas
We walk and I tell you, let me spell it for you
W-I-N-O-L-I-E
Nobody true with it, H-O-V
I'm back for more, New York's been back to dark
Don't cry, minister, back to finish my business up
What can I say?
What can I do?
I get this all together
I know this life is true
Whoa yeah whoa whoa whoa
Whoa whoa will come on, can I say to you?
You heard it all
I can say
You already know what i'm about life
Down south moving wet off the Step Purple rain to the drought
Stuck none rushing on my shirt
But it ain't nothing on my clothes
Set my chain to my name
Young H.O. Cich caused up the yay faithful
Even ifaped by trolly made payroll
Brings they roll, private jets down the Turks and Caicos
Chris K. Slows, I don't give a s**t
One life to live, I can't let it day go
Fly without me being fly fresh to death
Head to toes to the day I rest
And I don't wear jerseys, I'm 30 plus
Give me a crisp pear cheese
But nuts, as I told my feet make a sense complete
What more can I say Google Play to be?
We gon' let this ride into the hook, I'ma stab my bitch, it's for walkin' I'm late to you, get my grown man on, let's go
Now you know you're just willy when they got you in the mad, feel like half a billy, and you ain't lily white, that mean that you right must be lily, either that or you're flowin' silly, it's both, I don't mean the both, but damn if I'm brag
Come act like I ain't on it
The Martha Stewart that's far from Jewish
Far from a harvest student just had to do it
And now I'm not doing it
In fact, I'm just previewing it
This ain't the show, I'm just EQing it
One, two, when I won't stop abusing it
The groupie girl, stop for accusing it
Back to the music that made back through
It's translucent
Got a problem, Houston
What up, B, they can't shut up to me
Shut down, I'm not even PE, I'm a rock
Walk to get me for my brash delivery
But I remember vividly what these streets did to me
So picture me, let these clowns miss pickin' me
Paint me like a pickin' knee
I would literally kiss TT in the forehead
Tell the people you need to squeeze until you forehead
I'm not the one to score points on, confess
I got a choice to knock your points on
Young, over the garlic, blasphemy
I'm at the Trump International Act for me
I ain't never scared, I'm everywhere, you ain't never there
Why would I ever care, count for how, and I'm the best to ever come around here
It's blue and nobody, look what I embody
It's soul of a hustle, I really ran the street
I see your mind, they're mocking and playing with me
And now I ain't get shot up a whole bunch of times
I'll make up, send a whole bunch of lines
And I ain't animated like they're bustin' the rhyme
With the real, you get when you bust down my lines
Add that to the fact that when plaid a bunch of times, times that by my influence on pop culture
I supposed to be number one on everybody list
We'll see what happens when I no longer exist
Yeah, yeah, I imagine if this no longer existed
What would you do then?
What would you do then if WFMU no longer existed?
You know what you'd do? You'd be sad and you'd cry
Because it would be a sad thing
but this is the WFMU 2008 marathon. This is the second and final week of the best show.
We are here doing this to raise money to keep WFMU solvents for another year to keep us on the air.
We are listeners sponsored. We are not a radio station that is part of any sort of NPR organization.
We are not a radio station that takes corporate funding or government grants. We are listeners
Sponsored the way we stay on the air is by you doing the right thing and calling up and pledging
That's how we keep it going
So it's up to you to do your part right now you pledge online at eight hundred you pledge online at
WFM you dot org or?
Pick up the phone call. We got a room full of phone volunteers right now eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six
minimum pledge of seventy five dollars and more automatically get you the best
show on w f m u we did it again fun pack which consists of a t-shirt which is
an amazing t-shirt by the way i'm about to announce i will announce later in the
show what it is we've had all kinds of help people designing it you get a
sticker you get an amazing poster which is a beautiful you can see up on the
the WFMU.org.
It's gonna be a beautiful 16 by 24 poster,
and you get an exclusive patent Oswald CDEP
called, where, no, called Frankenstein's and gumdrops.
Automatically, it's being made expressly for this marathon,
and it will be gone as soon as the marathon is over.
And that's $75 or more automatically that you get that,
but you gotta get in on it, call 800-989-9368 or WFMU.org.
We are doing this, not alone tonight.
First of all, I am joined right off the bat.
I've got my amazing MC helping me out tonight, Sue.
Are you there?
Hey, Tom.
Hey, how are you?
I'm gonna raise you up even more.
Can we pump her up a little bit there, Glenn?
Thanks.
And...
me up there it is and we also how's that thanks Glenn thanks Tom there we go
I think we can go a little higher even can we can we jack that up even a little
bit more perfect cuz Sue's got a very commanding voice and I want to take
full advantage of it thanks Glenn how's that thank you Glenn you're welcome we
are also joined in studio by a a bunch of special guests tonight and they are
gonna be entertaining you as long as the pledges keep coming in we've got the
He made some Ted Lee a reprising his appearance last year on the program.
He came down and played songs.
He's going to do the same thing again tonight.
As long as those phones keep ringing 800-989-936-8WFMU.org.
We also got Ben Gibberd from Death Cab for QUTI down here.
He's going to be playing some stuff very nice of him to fit us into his schedule.
And on the way, Patton Oswalt, he should be here soon.
I'm hoping he gets here and he's going to help us raise some money also
Why don't we put a prize up on the on the block zoo just to keep get things off to the to a good start?
Absolutely got a lot of stuff Tom. Yes. Also. I will announce
every 90 minutes
we are going to give away a
signed copy signed by
Associate producer slash call screen or Mike a copy of Strote sick the DVD Strote sick
Which Mike in his infinite sickness considered to be a good funny movie
It's like I want to see a funny movie. Ah, you know, I go see
Wedding crunchers or whatever that thing was called
I don't go see this movie a guy shoots himself on a ski lift while a chicken place tic-tac-toe an exercise of
existential futility
By the way, Mike is on phone three. If you call 800-989-9368, you can talk to him.
He will take your pledge. He's up next. Who wants to talk to Mike?
But every 90 minutes we will give away a signed copy of Strotesick.
And let's just put a prize up right now to get people to realize that this is the real deal.
Minimum pledge of $10 gets you in the running for prize number one.
The amazing Sloan album that came out earlier about a year ago called Never Hear the End of It.
of it on the yep rock label that is up on the block minimum pledge of ten dollars
more automatically get you in the running eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six
eight w f m u dot o r g i don't think we don't have anyone to thank that is sick uh i back
to differ tom let's thank some people if we have enough people we're just going to start
with the entertainment we're just going to be a fun show tonight let's thank some people
and then we will get to it uh tell me you know tell me when it's all enough uh Rory from
From Philly, we listen to the best show all the time on the Minions tour bus.
Wow.
Thank you.
Thank you, Rory.
Matt, phone it in and on the computer from Georgetown, Kentucky.
Oh, hi.
Very nice pledge.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Matthew for MassVeth, New York.
Best show.
Please waste my money in the most egregious manner possible.
Well done.
Thank you.
Thank you.
We've got Dona.
I guess Dona's a Dona to WFMU.
FMU. It's horrible. Sorry. Philly. We'll take it. Thank you, Donna.
All right. Very nice. Jordan, fun it fun it in from Monro, New York.
All right. Bring back burning Dan. Boring Dan.
Thank you. All right. Justin from Newton, Connecticut.
Really? All right. Newton coming through. We're very strange,
comment. Haven't listened to the show, but it's pledging anyway. Well,
that's just as good an excuse as any as far as we'll take it.
We'll take it.
We're not proud.
We'll take your money.
That's right.
You could hate us, and as long as you pay, we'll take it.
Mike from Santa Monica, California.
He is also called Mike from Cincinnati, defending the honor of the Queen City, soiled by Julian
John from Cincinnati.
Oh, yes.
There's a lot of rivalry in Cincinnati there.
All right.
Joe from Waldwick, New Jersey, saying, I pledge more had I not been laid off recently.
but I love Tom the best show in WFM you and I want to support best I can thank you Joe you'll get work
It's gonna come to you you hang in there you pledge eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight a pledge online at WFM you
Dot org it is a leap of faith that you know you were going to be working soon enough
And also if you call eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight you do not need to pay tonight the pledge
They'll send you paperwork and you you mail it in and you got to pay it of course
This is not some flight of fancy where you get to be a big shot for an evening that you don't mean to back up
But you don't have to cough it up tonight
890-999-368 or WF MU dot O-R-G
Anybody else to thank? No, that's it. Yeah, you know, we've got Jason shout out very very generous pledge Columbia, Missouri
Shout out to the pop on board podcast gets me through the week. He says Tom. Thank you
We got Paul from St. Paul and he is a saint that Paul with a check it out with a nice pledge
motto idea best show in 2008 not your grandfather's jerky boys. Come on. Yes. Thank you, Paul
Nancy from San Francisco, California check it in with a nice pledge. Thank you, Nancy
John from Minneapolis, Minnesota
So checking in also in the running for the Sloan CD
Everybody so far is Adam in Carboro, North Carolina. Thank you very much Adam. Thank you Adam
Tom from Cambridge Mass adding to my previous flight she expressed my love for tornado Tom
Teddy Rockstar give Benson and ratty Louie. That's right. Everybody's doing it
Everybody they're calling 800-9-8-9-9-3-6-8 or WFM you dot o-r-g on their computer
they're doing the right thing that you do it we've got Hunter from New York to
very generous pledge very nice thank you Hunter very nice of you Beth from
Cambridge New York right check it in we've got Fred hello to Tom from Queens
all right all right from Queens thanks oh yeah we got an Owen here from West
New Jersey representing. Okay, this now makes a mouse for Tom. We have Matt from Riverdale.
That's a New Jersey. I can't believe, uh, premium. Okay. Uh, let's see Ben, uh, from
Can build Georgia and enjoyed the black lip show. Did you do a black lip show? No, I didn't. I will still take his money
Yeah, okay, those guys scare me. I know aren't they? Yeah, I get those they take their pants off on stage
And they're pants on black lips
Ed from Stanhope, New Jersey
All right. Thank you. All right. This is a pre
Before everything started. I mean they knew you were coming in they pledge
Um, uh, what other stuff I got here? Okay. Uh, Daniel from San Francisco. Very generous
pledge. Thank you, Daniel. David from Los Angeles, California, mousin it up for time and he did
that by calling eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight. The phone room is quiet
again. Eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight. You want Ted Leo? You want
vin gibber you call eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight w f m u
dot o r g let's get this happening right now
we've got nathan to thank uh... from columbus ohio he requests just the way you are by
billy joll uh... we'll see about that yeah uh... here are our own e f d
evan funk davey is very generously pledging saying getting my pledge in early
before it gets you crazy thank you evan let's go let's get
of 40K in week two.
Plus 40K plus week two, yeah.
That's not, I go crazy.
Yeah, well, I just read them, Tom.
I know.
Tim from Brooklyn, New York,
checking in very generously.
Very generous people out there,
Tom, for the best show.
Yes.
Tom, from Minneapolis.
Yow's a part of a mouse pledge.
He says, I think his pledge,
because he didn't think it was enough,
and he wants more people from the Midwest to pledge.
So Tom, from Minneapolis representing the Midwest.
Thank you so much.
Get it going people. This is the best show on WFM you you salute this program. Okay, you call 800-989-9368 or WFM you dot o-r-g
Couple more people pledge. We're gonna get to the entertainment absolutely Michael
From Chicago, Illinois. I don't like to pledge. He's a little trouble type in here
I'm gonna bear in with I don't like to pledge. I love and it's a sad day in Wisconsin far. Oh far
What will we do? Yes with you? They're here a Brett Favre retired. Yes. What will we do with you? Okay cliff
For broad view Heights, Ohio checking in
Mike from England, New Jersey
Nice generous pledge there Chris. Thank you Mike King of Prussia, Pennsylvania
Good mall there very generously pledging. You've got used to have record shows down there
I used to drive down to that King of Prussia record show wasn't that good wasn't that good?
Ryan from Novato, California checking in. Tom Sharpling, burning question. Do you like Jonathan
Richmond? And I hope you make a lot of money. I like Jonathan Richmond. I like the early stuff.
A weird thing. He's kind of like that Robin Williams movie, Jack, where the older he gets,
the more childish he gets. Interesting. Did you hear his new album? You know, it's called
What goo goo goo goo. Oh wow do Jonathan Richmond album
I'm kidding. Sorry eight hot. That's the kind of things you're paying for people that
Actually, you're not paying for that. I've take I I will foot the bill on that one
809 899-368 or w fm u dot o rg
Let's get these phones ring there people sitting out there like it's uh, like it's a company picnic doing nothing
It's a lot of staring going on tom in here in the phone room. It's uh, yeah
Benjamin from Maplewood, New Jersey, checking in online at WFMU.org.
Well done, Benjamin.
Matt from Edwardsville, Illinois.
The pop punk message board and Tom Sharaplin.
We did it again!
We did do it again, and we are going to do it again tonight.
We're going to make history tonight.
Jonah, checking in from Brooklyn, New York.
He says a personal message to you.
Hey, Tom, this is Jonah in Williamsburg.
I'm a mad at my word.
Keep up the fantastic work in 2008, buddy.
Jona decided not to spend money on some cocaine and decided to donate it to WFMU.
Let's hear it. Come on people. Everyone in Brooklyn for go cocaine for one month and donate it to WFMU.
800-989-9368 or WFMU.org. We've got Peter from Wontaught, New Jersey. I love you guys, says Peter,
who is he referring to exactly? I don't know. Thank you Peter. Matthew our own Matthew
over here and he's touching me what oh Matthew the best show fulfills all of my
fantasies fantasies okay thank you Matthew very much oh goodness one eight
hundred nine eight nine three six eight one eight hundred nine eight nine
WFM you show your support for the best show on WFM you exactly David from
Brooklyn checking in with a very generous pledge Jennifer from a story in
New York, you rock Tom Steve on WFMU.org he was smart enough to do his pledge
online it's very quick very generous pledge from Steve I am in love with soap
and I'm in love with you Steve all right you know what I say yes let's get some
music going it's time we got enough pledges we'll thank those people in the
next run why don't we we will draw for the the the Sloan record everybody else
from this point on will be in the running for
that's right
the uh... times new viking album rip it off
which is uh... on the matador label and now i also thank you all the labels
who are so generous
in donating their uh... wares especially in this uh...
in this uh... economic downturn for the recording industry we appreciate you
uh... guys stepping up and doing the right thing for w f m u
now uh... are we ready for taillia
now we're not
No? Okay. We're gettin' there. We're gettin' there.
Let's thank a couple more people and then we'll get to Ted Lea.
Absolutely. We've got, uh, oh goodness gracious, let's see.
Alright.
Phone room's quiet again. 800-989-9368.
One phone is busy right now. I want three phones
and we can't even entertain the idea of Ted Lea playing
until someone, until Mike on phone three takes a pledge. 800-989-9368.
We've got a couple people calling in a few times.
Why don't we make it like many more people calling them
a few more times.
Let's do it.
Again, Micah from Englewood.
Thank you very much.
William from New York City.
Love the best show.
Please use this pledge cartoon shirt
that the sound effects for,
because it's a permanent fixture of the show.
I will.
I need more pledges for people to turn people into ghosts.
I need more pledges.
We've got Matthew.
Matthew, please forgive if I'm gonna <E.D.> this up.
sash sashy texas uh... just want to make sure that i'm getting the uh...
pat nozvault
e p
pledge seventy five dollars or more automatically gets it
there you go that was easy brian
uh... with an extremely generous plan on he's also
pumped for uh... ted leo he has request in fact girls just wanna have fun
that's what brian wants from uh... brooklyn
terry uh...
terry
well thank you brian for that generous pledge absolutely oh here's a extremely
extremely generous pledge
from terry from los angeles california
oh my goodness it's a mouse place all right thank you to a proper mouse pledges
those people called eight hundred nine eight nine three six eight or pledged
online at w f m u they did the right thing now you do the right thing
Terry says it's part of his prize count. We love you Tom. Oh, I love you and can request Ben singing Maggie
Mang. I don't know. I don't know. Um, we've got
Ooh boy as serious
from Los Angeles, California. Good guy. Um, let's see
Big podcast supporter. Yes. He loves it. Good stuff. All right, Eric from Red Bank, New Jersey represent
A red bang.
Yeah.
A red bang.
Kevin Smith.
Right.
Oh, wait.
Right.
Geraldo Rivera.
Kevin Smith.
Eric, we like Red Bank.
I'm sorry.
We apologize Red Bank that you have those two blights on your fine town.
Tom, you frequent those lovely galleries in Red Bank.
Pick up a few glass bowls.
Eric says very definitively the hate pit doesn't fill itself.
People.
Exactly.
But we got to fill the hate pit.
Don't hate it tonight. We're filling the love pit. We're filling the love pit tonight eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight
Or pledge online to WFM you dot org come on people the phone is moving good
We got to keep it moving alright sitting there my guy likes bored out of his mind
He might be but look I don't want him telling you got to keep Mike's phone busy cuz otherwise
He's gonna start telling August about weird movies, and we don't want that to happen
Who knows what movie is gonna tell August to watch? He's gonna tell him hilarious
We've got Daniel, uh, in Philly to thank, uh, Tasso and mama's junction. Thanks for
not killing Monk. Uh, we've got Dale in Brooklyn. Thank you very much. Um, Melissa checking
in online. Very nice pledge. Uh, she is from Poolsville, Maryland. Thank you, Melissa.
Ben from Watkinsville, Georgia checking in online. Thank you guys. Bruce, Fall River
mass also checking in at WFMU dot org Bruce thank you I like you a lot Bruce
Chris from the the former home of Billy Joel Cold Spring Harbor New York
checking in yes Rob from Brooklyn you know that album was mastered at the
wrong speed when it originally came out but that's the funny thing about that
Cold Spring Harbor album they mastered at the wrong speed makes it kind of a
Rarity
Wow
Okay, Cameron from Braden, Australia
Australia oh
This is a very huge away
Waybouse plus pledge very very generous from I'm flabbergasted is a one of these is a one of these on the chart
This is this is one of these 50th anniversary
right wow let's hear it Cameron says to you Tom keep up the great work there
let's hear that can you just do that again we did it again we did it again we
it again by pledging at 800-989-9368-WFMU.org. People, this is the moment of truth. There's
only two and a half hours left on the best show. We're, are you ready? Are we ready?
Let's play some music, Ted. Can we draw for that CD real fast? The Sloan record, and
then we will give Ted is going to entertain us, and Ben will entertain us, and Pat and
as well. It should be here in a matter of minutes. Then we will get to it. Let's do it. Okay.
We got a little bit. I'm here, Tom. I'm sorry. Eric, Eric from Chris, Eric from Red Bank wins
the, uh, wins the Sloan. All right. Congratulations, Eric and Red Bank. You take that over to, uh,
Jay and Silent Bob's Secret Stash. You could stare at Kevin Smith's, uh, jacket from Mallrats
while you listen to that amazing Sloan CD. Put it on your iPod.
We are very honored right now. By the way, people keep the phones ringing 800-989-9368
or pledge online at WFMU.org. This has to be a constant, we're going to have the entertainment,
we just got to keep the action going. We're very excited to welcome back for the second
year running to the best show on WFMU Marathon. The one and only Ted Lea, who is the front
man for Ted Lee on the pharmacist so thank you Ted for coming down it's my
pleasure to be back is we cool level what everything's good yeah awesome that
Ted you are going to play some records as long as the phone's ring is that
correct that's correct okay I can shut Sue's mic off Glenn yes right that
doesn't mess up anything right yeah it does yeah wow then I don't do that how
about that so I just leave the Mackie up the whole time please yes well you're
welcome we're working at head will you play a song for the people yeah as you
know we asked the some friends of Tom for some suggestions yes and I figured
we should start off with a bang all right so this goes out to deep pockets
Lori yeah great why you're sending a song out to Lori let's go out to her
her and her dotty we'll do it without that
Big in the day with a friendly voice, a companion, an obtrusive
Plays that song that's so elusive, and the magic music makes your morning mood
A fun new way, hit the open road, there is magic at your fingers
From the spirit of the lingers, undermanned and contacted your happy solitude
Physical airwaves crackle with life
Bright and turn up bristle with the energy
The motion of feedback, the time is way flake
Pairing a gift beyond price, almost free
All this machinery making my music can still be all been hearted
Not to call each other in a dream, it's really just a question of the honesty
Yeah, you're honesty
One next to believe in the freedom of music
The glittering prizes and endless compromises
Shout out the illusion of integrity, yeah
Invisible airwaves crackle with life
Bright and tenor bristle with the energy
The motion of feedback with time and sway-flake
Bearing a gift beyond price, almost free
When you walk through the garden
and watch your skin. I beg your pardon. Rock the narrow path.
If you want to see Jesus, save your soul. But you got to keep the devil. Way down in the
Oh, way down in the hole, way down in the hole.
Alright, let's hear it for Ted Leo.
Thanks, that's a hot start.
The ending was for Mike.
The ending was for Mike.
That's a little wire reference, Francis wire.
He can't wait.
He's so mad at on-demand for not showing the finale early, right?
He's so mad.
800-989-9368 or WFMU.org, do you want to play another song or do you want to take a break?
What do you want to do?
You tell me, you're running the ship.
What do we want to do here with you and Ben?
How do we want to do this?
guys want to take turns okay would you want to play one more and then we'll
bring Ben up next sure or do you want to take a break right now
all right I like this let's go get him yes eight hundred nine eight nine nine
three six eight or WFM you dot oh RG right now it is as quiet as quiet can be
in the phone room I got all these people sitting out there like they like
nothing's going on here like we're not trying to get WFM you solvent for
another year. It's sick. It's sick. Get these phones ringing or you don't hear
Ted Lear. Three more phones or he doesn't play. 800-989-9368. I don't care if you're
pledging $10. I don't care if you're a white whale, you're a guppy. You're gonna
pledge right now 800-989-9368 or pledge at wfmu.org. This is showtime people. It is
game time. We're in it now. We're in it. And you people got to do the right thing.
I'm not gonna sit by and do this 50 weeks a year. If you guys aren't gonna
support me for the two weeks I need to support FMU. It's here for you free
form all year long eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight at WFMU
dot org do I have three phones no I don't zero phones Ted's gonna sit here
all night he's in no rush eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight
there's there's one is that two we need number three get it going talk to Mike
Tell them all about Werner Herzog movies.
Michael talk all about, he told me Grizzly Man was hilarious.
He said he's, come on, call Mike, talk to him.
800-989-9368. Is that it? No, nothing. Can't do it.
It's me versus you people. 800-989-9368. I don't, there it is.
Okay, WFMU.org. Let's hear another song from Ted Lea. There's another one friends
of Tom suggested. It's appropriate. You got to pony up. Clown time is over.
That's right.
Music
Tears on your blackmail
They turn to ransom
Upon at the fingernail
Says you're so handsome
Cloud time is over
Time to take over while others just talk and talk
Somebody's watching where the others don't walk
Clout and ease over
A voice in the shadows
Says that his men know me
Don't step back as expected
Unwise and unprotected
Cloud time is over
Time to take over
While others just talk and talk
Somebody's watching where the others don't walk
Cloud time is over
Oh, most too good to be true Or do you, what do you, why do you do?
Everybody's hiding under covers Time is making lovers lean
Safe again for lovers Cause countdown is over
Time to take over While others just talk and talk
Somebody's watching where the others don't walk
He's over
All right, let's hear it for Ted Leo
Round one in the books. Thank you. We're gonna you guys got to keep these phones going now
Ben Gibber to above play a little bit in a little bit as long as these phones keep ringing at eight hundred nine nine nine three six
at www.wfmu.org. Everybody who pledged this $10 more is in the running for the Times
New Viking CD which is called Rip It Off and Time Now People. I'm looking after you.
Every year I'm here for you. Week in, week out. Got the podcast, got the stream on the
internet, everything. It's all here for you. I'm on your side. But you've got to be on
my side right now eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight you got
to do the right thing you got to help me out I help you out all year wrong you
help me out you know what you watch out I'm gonna come for you I'm coming for
you not unlike Agnata Benny Bjorn and I only free did well they recorded this
This song.
ABBA BOX, 800-989-9368.
The same as the jungle, you better take care.
Never walk alone after midnight.
If you don't believe it, you'd better be well.
I am the tiger
Think and hold me in me
Never come near me
I am the tiger
The sea is a nightmare
The heart will bring
Some of us will dream it forever
Look around the corner
And try not to scream and scream
I am behind you
I always find you
I am the tiger
People who fear me
They'll never go near me
I am the tiger
I am the wise of knowing
that they mean
all alone
I am the wise
The sparkless of the sea
nights
I am behind you
I always find you
I am the tiger
People who fear me
Never for me and me
I am the tiger
The city is a prison
You never escape
You're forever trapped in the island
Let me do the shadows
And you see the shame for me
I am behind you
I always find you
I am the China
People who fear me
They're the coming in me
I am the China
Oh, I'm so blind
at the neon light
Oh, I'm so smart
I sound the city now
I am behind you
I always find you
I am the tiger
People who feed me
Where they come near me
I am the tiger
And if I meet you
What if I meet you
I am the tiger
I am behind you
I always find you
I am the tiger
Tiger, Tiger
That's right, I am the target, 800-989-9368 or WFMU.org minimum pledge of $10 gets you in
the running for this CD by Times New Viking 800-989-9368.
899368 at WFMU.org.
This is when it happens, people.
We are in the home stretch now.
We got two hours and 15 minutes before the best show was over for the marathon.
And if you love this show, you got to show your support.
If I talk like this, I'm going to curse.
I got to stop talking like that with my teeth clenched.
That's how I talk when I yell at people.
I'm not going to talk like that.
This is it people, 800-989-368 WFMU.org.
We are going to throw it back over the phone room to sue my MC for the evening.
Thank you for doing this, by the way, Sue.
Absolutely, Tom, it's an absolute thrill and a pleasure in all that lather, lather.
Oh, oh, it really is great to be here.
We want to thank so many people, Neil from Neptune, New Jersey, Unbelievable, a town
on the rise, Tom.
A town on the rise.
That tune is coming back.
Absolutely.
Okay, we've got Stuart checking in from National Tennessee on WFMU.org, making a mouse play.
Alright, let's hear it for Stuart, thank you so much, Stuart.
He says, even though I can't listen as much as I'd like to, I still support WFMU and the best show.
And by the way, everybody, Mouse Pledge is $365. Seems like a ton of money, right?
Wrong. You can do it in monthly installments. That's a dollar a day.
You tell me WFMU is not worth a dollar a day?
Are you know what I tell you? You're wrong. And I tell you, you call 800-989-9368 or WFMU.org
and we keep these phones ringing. We can get to Ben Gibbert.
That now is, well, it's on its way. Very exciting. Keep it going.
Adam from Hoboken, thank you. Tom, I listened to archive after hernia surgery.
No.
Yours are his. Brian from Ventura, California, request, porcupine pie.
My goal from Hoboken on the, oh, the best show, what are we going to do with you?
Um, Ken, sorry, Keith, sorry, from Chapel Hill, North Carolina.
Tom Roles, Huckabee in 2008.
Yes, we're going to do it tonight, tonight's the night.
Huckabee likes to come back. We dig back in.
Troy from Richmond, Virginia, checking in on WFMU.org.
Very giant people.
Did I mention how generous everybody has been?
Brendan from Ottawa.
That's in Canada.
Thank you, Canada.
Canada comes soon for the best show.
Yeah, absolutely.
Brendan notes Afraid of Tom Sharpling podcast.
Matt from, oh, we got another Matt.
Same Matt, oh, Matt from Ottawa, Canada.
Right.
Thank you, Matt.
Rest in peace Cody from Roadhouse. Okay, very very generous pledge. That's right. Jeff Healy passed away this week
Jim from Ramsey, New Jersey checking in very generous very nice Shane
From Rutherford, New Jersey
Who also pledged 75 last week to your show pledging again. Thank you. Thank you Ben from
Los Angeles Ben from amoeba in Los Angeles great great. Thank you
Let me have a very nice store.
Very hard to shoplift from that store.
Very hard.
Arthur from Murray, Kentucky.
Ted Lea requests, come baby, come.
Is that like, come on baby, come on, OK?
800-989-9368, or W-F-M-U dot O-R-G.
Come on, let's keep the phones ringing.
Let's keep those computers hopping.
This is it, magic time, people.
Let's make it happen.
We've got our own lovely Laura Cantrell.
Oh, thank you.
We love her very, very, Janice Pledge.
She says Tom, Tom, Tom, and Terry,
some of my favorites at WFMU.
I think she means that.
We've got Lewis from Carmel, New York,
with a mouse pledge.
All right, thank you.
We fought for mouse pledges.
Okay.
And everybody who played it makes a mouse pledge.
You can look at WFMU.org to get all the information
on everything you get.
But the one thing you've got to realize
is that your pledge supports freeform radio keeps us on the air for another year
and that's eight hundred nine eight nine
nine three six eight w f m u dot o r g everyone a pledge seventy five dollars
more automatically gets the best show we did it again fun pack
consists of a t-shirt
a button no not a button a sticker t-shirt sticker amazing poster
and a patent i was what cd e p called frankincense and gumdrops which is
available only during the show at eleven p m it is gone forever
uh... louis notes on his mass pledge of what one man can pledge another
complex that's right true that's right very true Christopher
check it in from Cranston Rhode Island not the Christopher from Cranston but
a chrissmer from Cranston Ted knows baby Amy loves Abba good guys win
Chaplin Leo oh hey thank you nice what if we did one for president me and Ted
Leo will that be amazing that's a very sexy bill oh thank you Bob from Portland
Oregon extremely generous pledge for the love of the Abba box keep the best
show podcasts alive. Thank you. Chris from Oakland, California,
checking in. Please ask Ted to do a little of six different ways by the cure.
If you get a chance up, we've got Eric from Churchville, New York,
checking in very generously from Baltimore, Maryland.
Very nice.
What's why our country? I know this guy,
Chris from Toronto, Canada. All right. Thank you.
read your name Chris okay drew from Jupiter Florida home with the Bert Reynolds
dinner theater absolutely a landmark in the theatrical entertainment yes for
going the typical colleges college indulgences like this week to help WFM
use chapping it up for South Florida's FOT's Jerry Reed is doing the Iceman
comments down there now so anybody wants to check that out it's wow it's
really pretty thrilling wow I don't like spiders and snakes but I love me some
Jerry Reed. Okay. Drew Drew threatens to call more on top of his pledge. Doesn't get any better than that. You're welcome to it, buddy. Sarah from Chicago, Illinois. Touch and go records. Okay.
Alright, let's hear it. That is a go record.
to Christ Sarah to Christ Emily from
Emily from Hayworth, New Jersey. Come closer. Just doing my civil duty
Thank you, Emily James from Cluckston
Washington trying to restore the good name of James everywhere keep up the good work best job James John from
Chitown Chicago Illinois
Check it on WFM you org just doing a real quick pledge right there Martin from mommo check it out Tom
Yes Sweden all right what Martin Sweden yes Martin's a good guy Martin runs a
page called the best show vault which puts up all different sound clips thank
you Martin you're a good guy Martin also helped me get a hold of the
agnata box set thank you Martin thank you and Martin notes the WFMU is his
favorite high school radio station yes okay Laura from Evanston Illinois
checking in on the web. Brian from Berkeley California requests a chisel
song. Brian went to school with you. I didn't go to school.
That's got the wrong Tom. Yeah. All right. I'm from the streets. 800-989-9368. Everything
I learned, I learned in back alleys, like around garbage cans with flames coming out
of them. Like the beginning of Rocky. Singing doo-wop around garbage cans. We got Mark with
a C from Stony Plain, Alberta, Canada. I'm pledging even though my girlfriend likes Ted
Leo more than me. Who could blame her? Mark, but thank you anyway. Thank you. Eight hundred,
nine, eight, nine, four, six, eight. You've got Stan from Madewon. Right. Madewon, you can't
get any, you cannot buy real estate in Madewon. Oh, Tom. Yes. A 50th anniversary pledge. Extremely
generous nicely done nicely done thank you and you pay that in monthly
installments you don't even feel it you don't even feel that pledge Wow we've
got a mouse bludgeon from Matthew from Samford Connecticut mouse bludge for
Matthew thank you Matthew thank you okay one eight hundred nine eight nine nine
three six eight call the pledge to the best show on WFM you with your buddy
Tom Sharplin Jeff from Maplewood New Jersey very generous pledge I support
the podcast because the podcast supports me.
Yes, it's true.
It's there for you every Thursday.
Shows up, bonk, right on your Zoom.
Right on your Zoom.
We've got Thomas from Union New Jersey.
Right, Union.
Best show for life on the Double Deuce.
Driving down the Double Deuce.
22.
Go past the, maybe go over the flagship whiz.
Yeah, go over the Whiz flagship.
Pick up since the PC Richards now.
Go over the flagship whiz.
Go to the Fudrockers, man, you know.
over the romantic depot
i got the path mark there with the uh... fashion book
uh... warrant
uh... from monroe uh... township uh... new jersey check in on the f m
you can i just say something about union i went past the uh...
there's a little spot on the route twenty two in union
the other day the quiz knows was not open yet in the morning but the
romantic depot was
was nine thirty in the morning
priorities
what's that
priorities yes people have their priorities
okay that the romantic depot gets hungry
is waiting to get his uh...
this billy cheesesteak
toasted like they do it quickly exactly they love running those things
through that
matthew from sprigfield missouri checking in thank you
uh...
jay from uh... brooklyn new york has a whole there's a whole thing here
is there any way for me to borrow it with the sharpling to get copies of his
best show albums as opposed to that. There's a whole situation here. Well sort that out later.
Sort out Jay. We're working hard here. Thank you so much. It was a flea market. Well, regardless
of the border with some time. He just wants to say this is the first time I've ever donated
to anything. That is really nice, Jay. It's just a sharpling show. It's just that compelling.
I think he might be one of those few genuinely good guys in the world. I can't agree more, Jay.
800-989-9368-WFMU.org. We got to keep the phones ringing. We got to keep the computer burning.
We got Ben Gibberts sitting here. He's ready to play and Patton's not here yet.
I actually just got a text saying he's stuck in traffic, but Tom, yeah, we
well for I got two things very pressing very pressing quick. We got a mouse
pledge from Chris from the New York City. Thank you so much Chris. We clap for
mouse pledge. Chris says you sent me to moving out and I'm calling to repay your
Request anything by the Big Dipper blah blah blah and Tom very very important. This is a built-in very hot
Yes came in about Tom you have actually broken the computer with with with the pledges
They're working on fixing it. Yeah, it might have overheated or something is your smoke. I saw it smoke smoke
Holy moly. I know it's getting crazy
You need to get out the phones are not broken people 1 800 come on nerd. What is the nerd fix that thing nerds?
If you can't get through on the computer,
you can't throw a rock without hitting a nerd around here.
Step up there, it's fix that thing, 800-989-9368.
You know what we do right now?
Let's work the phones then.
If you want a pledge and you're having a, you know,
you're saying to throw on the computer, just call on the phone,
800-989-9368.
We've got plenty of phone volunteers ready to take your pledge.
Um, now, uh...
Tom, are we going to be giving away the...
Let's give the time to be Viking away and realize that in the next
realize that in the next uh... uh... uh... thirty five minutes we will be
given way the first of two autographed copies of strokes that
on dvd
okay we're getting that time to do what you know
somehow somewhere
okay
was it said that's it's it's it's going to be uh...
i need a winner
we're getting there there we go
thank you chat so much thanks to all the volunteers
Rory, from Madison, Wisconsin, is getting the time to begin.
Well done.
Congratulations.
You've got some great volunteers here, Tom.
I got to say, this phone room is cooking with these people helping out.
Yes.
Yes.
Because I'm a mess.
I'll be honest with you.
Now, I notice there's somebody standing behind you.
Is that Mike alive?
Yeah.
Glenn?
Yeah.
Well, and I'm just going to jump right in.
OK.
Tom, Tom, Thomas, the Tank Engine.
Yeah.
This is the Flamer.
This is a famous Flaming Floyd from Fresno.
I heard General Patton, Wizard of Oswald, couldn't make it.
No.
Sent me.
Yeah.
I'm a famous flamer.
I don't know if you've heard of me.
Any of listeners out there in Vienna, Virginia that shop at Orzmann Dodge or Centerville, Virginia
at Fair Oaks Dodge or Richmond, Kentucky, going to Miller, Nissan, knows about the
famous, famous flamer, weekend, sale of fawns.
Really?
I'm the guy they bring in.
I shoot sales up through the roof.
Hey, you run.
What is it?
You run I don't run anything. I'm on the wind man
I come in but with the wind I disappear in the morning mist and when I leave that lot is empty of cars
Because I'm the famous flamer
I set the asphalt on fire and people got to come down get those cars out of there
They're gonna burn the cinders really so you are you how long have you been selling cars famous flamer been a banana on the
Double nickel that's 20 years Wow. Yeah
so uh pretty excited pretty excited so uh hey if we got some uh phone champions
here tonight let's hear from them the phone guys that's right I'm looking at
your pledge board here says a thousand dollar pledge is the Y3K solution pledge
that's right that's a thousand dollar pledge and people can pay that are in
installments well hang on there Thomas the Tank Engine because we're gonna
change that from now on thousand dollar pledge gets you you are a space champion
it's not a y3k solution pledge you're a space champion right here there no one
pledges a thousand dollars you're a space champion space champions out there and
I know that other space champions listen to show yes now 500 dollar pledge the
50th anniversary pledge yes hang on Thomas tank engine for the next hour the
500 dollar pledge that's gonna be Spartan warrior pledge all right I need
Spartan Warriors out there shirtless and rip waving those swords around and mowing everyone down the gets in their way
Okay, anyone pledge is $500. You are a Spartan warrior. Now
365 the mouse of today pledge. Yes. No, you're a Steve McQueen with a skull face
Steve McQueen with a skull face pledge
$365 get you Steve McQueen with a skull face
Okay, no the hundred and fifty dollar pledge. Yes
what's the name of that one that is called what I don't have it in front of
me oh it says I don't yes I don't miss point on the hundred fifty dollar pledge
is a rapist if you only pledge a hundred and fifty dollars we're gonna call you
a rapist listen hey dude down at my weekend celebrations people come on the
lot if they don't leave with a car we follow them home we spray paint rapist
on their garage door. It gets stuff going. $75 pledge says kidney donor. Yeah. For the
next hour your hunky lips. <E.D.> lips. People that come on the lot, they don't
leave with a car, we follow them home, we spray paint hunky lips on their garage door.
I didn't even know what hunky, what does hunky lips even mean? All I guarantee you
it gets eggs thrown at the house. Okay. Doesn't really matter. So if you want to be a hunky
Let's please call up pledge 75 bucks. I think some of you people want to be Steve McQueen with a skull face
I would hope so. Yeah, let's get those phones ring in 800 9 8 9 3 6 8 or pledge at wfm u
Do we have the computer fixed?
No
Yes, okay, good. Good. All right. No flamer. Yeah
So those are what is that kind of how you run your place where it's either you're an awesome or you're horrible
Well, yeah, it's not really how I run my place. It's how I live my life. My life is either awesome or horrible
Okay, I got no time. I got no time for 74 degrees and clear
Ladies and hot and I'm on a skateboard or it's snowing and there's a yeti coming after me with a machine gun. Oh
Wow, I got no time for 74 degrees and clear that there is no middle ground there
So these car dealerships they bring in the famous flamer and I go your days of meeting your quotas are over
You are either gonna destroy this area or I'm gonna come here in the night
I'm gonna light some sterno cans under the air conditioner
I'm gonna send flames back up into your heating system. This whole place gonna burn to the ground. All right. Wow. That's you
That's I would say that's called something different than sales
Me and the me and my guy the blue Raja who's not here with me tonight because we
Usually we get in town today early we find a wet brain some guy near the train tracks
Cover him in blue paint. He's a blue Raja. Uh-huh, and if you can you can chase a blue Raja three times around the lot
I'll give you ten dollars off any car you pick
Wow, that's so it well. I don't understand how
It's only only ten dollars off to chase. What is it a blue?
Thomas tank Thomas tank engine. I'm glad you don't understand any of this. Where'd you get that from by the way?
No one call Tom Thomas tank engine. Okay over there. You got Ben Ben 10 of 10
I give everyone a nickname everyone I work with what's your name here read
Sue yeah, so sue me. I ran over your dog. There's your new nickname
So sue me. I ran over your dog is down to the phones here. It's not for you to understand Thomas's tank engine
What it's all about is creating excitement excitement is an event. It's not a thing. It's like lightning
There's no way to understand it. You can't stick it into a photo album put it on your shelf
It's out there in the air. You just got to get out of the way
Yeah, well, I you know I weirdly do understand that though. That's weird
I'm actually troubled that I I'm kind of with you on that you know what I got to take you out of one of my price chopper tours
I think you do real good down on the lot now. What is a price chopper tour price chopper tours when I
What I do is I get hired by three rival car dealerships in the same county or area code
Mm-hmm, and then I just have them all compete with each other
I don't let the other two know that the one has hired me and vice versa
Okay, and round Robin and winter shins and harvest moon, and I'm telling you by Sunday 9 a.m
The entire town has gone crazy and everyone's driving around a new cars with him. They need him or not. Wow, that's
You you definitely it seems like these are maybe short-term
Philosophies though, or you do but yeah, that's what this is all about
This is less short term get too long term if you get the money and now if you have people that are afraid of being rapists
If you have people that are afraid of being <E.D.> lips and they would rather be stupid queen with a skull face
That's gonna be a whole year of playing the god-awful indie music that you guys play
Hey
Well that that's not fair people like the stuff we play around you know what's fair? What's that fog hat at full volume?
That's fair, okay
Well, you know what I would if your technique works
I'll play some fog hat at full volume awesome, but these people tend to lean more in the direction of liking
Uh, like the the stuff you seem to have been putting down like did you hear Ted Leo play I?
Heard it didn't quite get it. I got the rush riff. Usually we'd play that
We get a girl now. We do the we do the hot oil bucking Bronco
It's a hot oil electronic bull you put it right out there in the parking lot
Uh-huh you let people come out and see it you sneak up behind them get the wallet out you run their credit card
They got to leave with a car. They just bought Wow never fails
That's, these are extreme techniques, Flamer.
Hey, phone callers, let's do a chat clap. Ready, here we go.
W-F-N-U! W-F-N-U!
W-U-F-N-U! W-U-F-N-U!
W-U-F-N-U! Hey!
To enter those phones, you're all fired.
That's right. Hey, you want to give the number out Flamer?
Yeah, what is the number?
It's, uh...
I'm not used to giving out phone numbers. I'm used to running faster people on the lot.
I'm a lot they get so scared I throw a key in their hand they leave with a car
What's the number?
So sue me I rent every dog I need you out of the way here
Guys, this is a famous lady from Fresno saying to call up 1-800-989-9368 or pledge online
Oh, is that that internet thing for shut-ins? Yes
WFM you org or oh
That's it
Yeah, sue always have me read the wrong thing sue, so sue me I rent over your dog got my eye on you
a flame a flamer i appreciate you coming by it's uh... it's too bad
patterns not here yet
i'm sure he's on his way i don't really know what he's doing but listen
he's going to get here in wine and mone about sick he's probably
drinking herbal tea and read a suit grafting book right now famous flamers
here and i'm putting a jet engine on your diesel chainsaw
i love it
well flamer we're going to go back to sue and she's going to thank some people
and we're going to give some prizes way and uh... we can check back on with
you in the phone room right I hope so yeah hey I need space champions no
rapist space champions no rapist that's right let's hear it let's hear for the
flamer thank you Sue how has everything going on was that exciting that was
mind-bendingly exciting listen we've got so many people to think I we really
yes yes it okay if I do clap push-ups behind you while you're eating these
push-ups you are absolutely go ahead all right wow he's actually getting down
they're doing it okay we got to start giving away some prizes here let Paul
from St. Paul Minnesota know that he won the times biking rip it off CD
thank you for all thank you for flavor one more yeah we're gonna put another
prize up there for people folks ten dollars more one eight hundred ninety nine
Yeah. How about that? Let's put the carbona CD up there. Okay. Carbonas on
gonor. You can win. One eight hundred nine eight nine three six eight. Okay. Let's
thank Evan from Providence, Rhode Island. This one is for Mike and Mel.
So our own super. All right. Yeah. Very nice part for price. You left out
honkylips that's honkylips soupy okay all right honkylips pledge says good night
uh... steven from uh... montclair new jersey check it in and we've got
uh... stereos once again thank you Stephen nice uh... los angeles california
uh... requesting government center by john thren richman please play please all
right we'll see we'll see thank you for that though we appreciate the pledge eight
hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight or w f m u dot o r g okay we we got
forest we need some more information out for us yes there we go okay and in
honor of true crime diary dot com or do you do plugs for sure why not sure
Jacob checking in from Boston, Massachusetts thank you Jacob best show
equals quality and quantity all right thank you buddy Casey with a K from
San Francisco California we're checking it with a mouse play all right we
I think you got Casey's name wrong because that's Steve McQueen with a skull face.
All right, let's hear it for Steve McQueen with a skull face.
Way to go, Casey.
800-989-9368.
Casey says WFMU makes me want to live in New Jersey.
Paul from, oh, Chief Sharp, thank you, Paul.
Jennifer Payne, Dio, apparently, maybe she's some sort of a dentist.
I'm not really sure.
He's Rutherford, New Jersey, check it in.
Hello to all the WFMU from the former DO Gen.
Let all my old chap buddies know I miss him.
Go Giants, wilds.
Thank you.
You're a loaded pledge card there.
Noah, our own Noah from Jersey City, yeah.
All right, thank you, Noah.
Tom, checking in with the ethnic humor.
Tom, you're one of the greats, a real mensch.
Thank you, Noah.
Okay, we've got Sean from Los Angeles, California.
Without Tom, I wouldn't be a Hollywood big shot.
That's right.
Thanks.
Showing you're a good guy.
Requesting Wichita Lineman.
Is this Jed?
Yes.
Jed?
G-E-D?
Brooklyn.
All right.
Just say <E.D.> lips.
Okay.
Enjoy the podcast.
All right.
Thank you.
Thank you.
So I'm from Los Angeles.
Thank you, Jed.
Rick from Philadelphia with a very generous pledge.
Thanks, Rick.
Um, we've got Christopher from New York City saying, uh, uh, I've got my helmet on.
I'm strapped in.
I'm hanging my antenna out my Eastville department window ready for the best show.
You know why?
Cause he dropped a mouse right on you, Tom.
Thank you.
We come up for mouse pledges or Steve McQueen with a skull face.
According to the famous flamer.
You can say SMWSK if you need to.
Okay.
I think I might just say mouse pledge.
Um, Anthony from San Francisco, California.
While you got a big contingent up there Tom for the best show no debate in oh eight all right. Thank you, Anthony
Good guy generously pledging one eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight
Nick from Franklin, Wisconsin with a mouse pledge
Yes, not a mouse but eight hundred nine years fail
800-989-9368-WFMU.org. Keep the phones ringing. We've got Ben Gibber to come up in a matter
of minutes. If we, uh, let's say, you know, we'll thank these people and then we'll give
the Carbonis CD right to that. A lot of people right there. And the next prize up is going
to be the, uh, John Spencer Blues explosion CD called Jukebox Explosion. Collection of
all, they're awesome in the red singles, which came out earlier this year. Minimum
pledge a ten dollars to eight hundred nine nine nine three six eight or WFMU.org gets it.
Scott from Oklahoma City dropping a mouse on Tom thanks. All right let's hear it.
Thanks for the laughter, Tom. Scraps from the message board. Thank you so much Scott. Thank you
buddy. Rob from Rigo Park request TV party by Black Flag. We've got Jonathan from Houston, Texas
very generously pledging thank you kara on w f m u dot org from trolston's
health carolina checking in very nice all right um... christmokeland
california uh... checking it again i forgot to say what i meant
to thanks so here's another pledge to say so thank you
uh... we got paul of from uh... uh... denmark oh my goodness gracious with a
uh... fiftieth anniversary pledge holy moly god let's hear it
That's Spartan Warrior!
Spartan Warrior!
He is the Spartan Warrior!
You are Spartan Warrior out there in Denmark.
First Spartan Warrior tonight not last!
Not the last!
Thank you.
And Paul says more than I can afford less than it's worth good guys win.
Yes we do win.
Very nice and a very sweet other personal thing here.
Andy from Brooklyn checking in with a 50th anniversary pledge extremely generous.
Wow!
Oh my gosh!
Two Spartan Warriors for building army!
I got, but you'll have a failing soon.
All right, thank you, Andy.
We've got Chris from Orlando, Florida,
checking in very generous.
Thank you.
We've got Sue being assaulted with pledge cards.
We've got Neil checking in with an extremely generous pledge
from Jersey City, New Jersey, and thank you.
Thank you.
Richard from Oak Park, Illinois.
Keep up the good work, Tom.
Thank you.
Brian and Laura from Atlanta, Georgia.
Very nice.
Brian from Easton, Pennsylvania where you get a good bargain from what I understand looking forward to another year the best show
Thanks for the laughs. Awesome. Do you have to thank that whole stack?
Well, I could go on all day. Let's get to let's get to Ben. Okay. Let's get to make it. Can we give away a prize?
Yes, let's give the prize away. Let's get this going. Okay, and
Andy from I got it. I got it Andy from Brooklyn. It's gonna be getting the
Thank you. Congratulations. Good work, Andy. You did it. Now, we're going over everybody.
We'll keep calling 800-989-9368 or WFMU.org. We heard Ted Leo played a little bit ago.
Now we're joined by the other half of the dynamic duo, the one and only Ben Gibbert.
How are you, Ben? How are you? Can we hear you? Yes?
I don't know if I can hear you.
Am I there?
There you are.
Is it loud enough?
Keep talking.
Check, check.
One, two.
That's loud.
One, two.
Great.
Perfect.
Ben, thank you so much for coming down and doing this.
It's so awesome.
I'm doing good.
Yeah.
It's very exciting.
You are super awesome, obviously.
Everybody knows that.
Sure.
And now you're going to prove it to everybody who doesn't know it.
And the five people who don't know how awesome you are.
You are about to learn right now. Thank you. You know you're gonna play something for us. All right. Thank you
I'm gonna shut my mic off and tell everybody
You can listen to this but pledge online WFM you dot o-r-g Ben Gibbert live in the studio
The heaters warm the fills the room of the potpourri of dust and gas heat
You remind me of hope
A broken bed with dirty sheets and creeks
When I am chifting in my sleep
You and my enemy are called
In a suburban town with nothing to do
Patiently waiting for something to happen
The foundation is crumbling
You'll be coming one with your crown
While you raise barren slumber
Stay alive.
You remind me of home.
Sitting on a thrift of couch, I'm trying to get the stars out.
All right.
Yes.
Thank you.
Thank you, Ben.
Thank you so much.
Remember eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight a WFM you dot org is the number you had a little strap incident there
Looks like yes, but you're right. You're sitting on a stool. Do you usually don't play on a stool though?
Do you know I don't play coffee shop? No, okay. Do you want to play another song and we'll keep things going?
You want to sure well, let's say
Good the phone the phones are ringing people are doing what they should be doing. What do you want it?
You want to throw? I want to I like that
Can I dedicate this one to Mickey Dolan's down in a haypit?
Yes, you can donate it. I can't wait.
I have a monkey song for Mickey Dolan's.
This goes out to Mickey Dolan. Do you hear that?
With your stupid Panama hat, your dumb white suit.
This is called Look Out Here Comes Tomorrow.
But I could borrow someone else's issues
Mary, oh what a sweet girl it's like
Strawberry pie, sandal
Long hair and beak girl can't make up my mind
And I see all kinds of sorrow and shy Only loved ones to look out
Here comes tomorrow or how I wish Tomorrow would never come
I told them both that I love them said yes I did and it was true but I can't have both
of them don't know what to do I see all kinds of sorrows shot only loved one who
Now, here comes tomorrow
How I wish tomorrow would never come
Mary
I love you
I see all kinds of sorrow and shy Only loved ones who look out
Here comes tomorrow How I wish tomorrow would never come
Yes! Let's hear it for Ben Deborah. Wow, thank you so much. That's fantastic. We will
hear more from you later, but people have got to do the right things. They've got to
call 800-989-9368 or pledge online at wfmu.org what's next I have to figure
something out only ten minutes we're going to be giving away the first of
two autographed copies of Strotesick mic associate producer Mike will sign it
and maybe we can get him to write an inscription on it for you. Sue we're
out in the phone room yes yes and we need to really roar through these
time. There's just simply not enough show for everybody called. John from
Parsippany Checking In. Aaron from Ememory Cunn Stevie from Grandford
Checking in. Thank you. Robert from Enfield, Connecticut Checking in my
favorite show. Thanks for everything. Tom from St. Louis, Missouri. Thanks for the
smiles. Absolutely. Our own Chad Checking In. Thank you Chad. Carlton from
to coin Illinois Check it in. Mason from Ottawa, part of a mouse pledge. Ottawa
FMU fans through in a Jersey style. Thank you. Thank you. Where's J-Woe? J-Woe, get in here.
Where's J-Woe? We've got Eric to thank from Summit, New Jersey. Thank you.
All right. 07901. Thank you, Eric. Joan from Seattle, Washington with
Java to mouse banana pepper is peanut juice. Thank you. Thank you. Let's hear it. We clap for mouse pledges. Okay, we've got C.J. from
Nutley, New Jersey, Bill from Massapequa, New York. Honey, I would love to read everything on your card, but I don't have the time. I'm so sorry. I'll read them later, I promise.
Yes, Mike from Massadon, New York. Thank you vegans love the best show. Paul from Staten Island. The only wire I care about is a one that puts out pink flag. Nice. Thank you. Nice.
Nice. Adam from Brooklyn, New York pledging to support the podcast. Great. 800-989-9368-WFMU.org.
Please play Robert Pollard's. I'm a strong lion. Tom's theme. We'll see John from
Ipsilency, Michigan the Abba Cube restored my order to life. Thanks Tom. Thank you for Charleston, South Carolina
Thank you Stephen from Arlington, Madison chooses. I've got a certain zest for listening to the best show with Tommy
Yes, thank you Paul
From Mount Prospect, Illinois check it in. I don't like the best show. I love it. All right
Thank you so much cast support or keep it up Tom and FM you appreciate that
allie and then for broken new york thank you thanks guys uh... garret from
hand <E.D.> and michigan thank you
uh... tom from san diego california uh... clown time is over says right
it is over thanks for all the laughs hopefully one hundred dollars is enough
for a ted leo song request if it is and we dance by the hooters will find out
first good request of the night
home to take a look at the flamer the flamer wants to hear and we dance
any chance uh...
we're here and we dance their ted
She was a beebop baby on a hard day tonight.
Okay, we'll see if we can work out the cords for that.
We've got Tom from Barnett, you okay?
I love the podcast says Tom, thank you, we love you.
Yeah, you want to do, you can play in the background.
We'll keep thanking people.
I'll do the melodic apart.
Effort from Jersey City, New Jersey.
Please don't spray paint anything on my house, thank you.
Too late, Barney sent the boys down there.
Oh, Flamer. Edward, for me, it's happening in New York. What one man could do another
can do? Justin, Jersey City, Grim, a lot to post tentacles, the best show.
Uh, Samuel, Samuel from Hale, the New Jersey, check it in.
Yes, the Flamer City. I'm doing the melodica. He's doing the melodica part.
We got Craig from Falls Church, Virginia. Tom and John and Sabre like again.
Thank you, Craig.
We've got Bill from Brooklyn, New York to thank you, Bill.
We've got Josh from Atlanta, Georgia.
You don't have to go to camp.
I'm bringing camp to you.
Thanks, Josh.
Michael from Jersey City.
Thank you.
Online at wfnu.org.
Greg from Brooklyn, New York.
Thank you, Craig.
That's Greg, I think.
Oh, Greg.
Thanks.
With two G's.
With three.
Hold G's.
Steven from Jamaica Plain, Massachusetts.
Steven, thank you.
Mac from Austin, Texas.
It is a pleasure.
We're right.
that's a lot of cars.
Fair Oaks Dodge.
From trucks and vans and
newsstands of Golden Blaine's
life.
Doom business is pleasure with
the Palette Farrows Dodge.
Who?
Mac from Austin says I have
only one thing to say.
That was a good flame, right?
Thanks, man.
That burned into my head one
weekend back in 1991.
We moved 417 cars.
Holy moly, that's a lot of
cars.
one thing to say to you pledge drive strike this guy out. We've got a mouse
pledge from Dave in Chicago. Chris from Austin, Texas. Thank you very much
Griffin from Chicago, Illinois. Thank you very much. Darryl from San
Francisco. Hi from AST. I coincidentally got the pledge mailer at home today. Daniel
from Jamaica Plain. Thank you, Jim. Tim from Providence, Rhode Island. Thank you, Curtis
from Austin. All right, Curtis, thank you. I'm a new fan of the Best Show. Did you just
read a Darryl Duffy? Yes, he is. Yeah, I owe him a spray painting. That's a whole other
thing. I'll go to that later. You'll catch him? Yeah, I'll get him. The flamers after
you, Darryl. Move as many times as you want, Dee Dee. Flamer's gonna tag you. Curtis from
Austin. I'm a new fan of the Best Show and now I'm a big one. I hope to soon call in
And take my first gump like a man. Yes, take it. All right, John from you come people too. I do
Are my gump is a guy in a big green costume and if you leave without buying a car
He throws a hammer at you. That's that's what we call gumping. Oh my thing. I hang up on people. Oh a little more
Little more gentle. Yeah, kind of sissy a&e miss marble kind of stuff like that
Yeah, eight hundred nine eight nine three six eight keep the phones ringing to get more Ted Leo
We got John from Austin to thank best show game show wait wait don't gaunt me Joey from Alameda, California
Supports podcast James from Milford, Pennsylvania check it in Darren from Victoria, Canada
Get on my zoom. There you go. Thanks. I'm Amy from Brooklyn, New York. Thank you Nils from
London, UK. Thank you to Patton for introducing me to the best show
Thanks Nils
Go right ahead there. Michael from Charlottesville, Virginia long live the podcast associate producer Mike for mayor
Wow got James from Philadelphia checking in very generously James
Jenna Diane Megan from Brooklyn, New York. Well done guys. Tom is the queen
I that's Daniels in territory. That's Daniels in speaking
Thanks guys. We've got Eric from Winston Salem, North Carolina
Thanks, Harry from Pelham, New York saying I'm sorry. I can't pledge more money
But I'm only a college student when also even though time has a beef with my college radios. Oh, oh drama
Also a <E.D.> lips is that is that is this last name to get with a W?
I don't know things are being taken away from me as I speak. That's the H man. We got the H man
We've got Timothy from Foster City, California
We've got Brian from Dick's Hills, New York
Where's the H man's brother come in the studio with me H man's brother in honor of New Jersey loving New Yorkers says Brian from
Rick's home to York. We love you back. Kevin from Brooklyn, New York, pledging to the
best show on WFMU supporting the podcast. Can't stop it. Thanks, Kevin. All right. We've
got John from Marlboro, New Jersey. Yeah. Right.
Right. Root nine coming in strong. Thank you. Russian dream restaurant. Okay. The best
show on WFMU, are you getting me through these 15 hour bouts of statistical sampling
cast up? Hang in the chat, hang in the chat. So Danny from Tulsa, Oklahoma, I support broadcast
Christopher from Valley Village, California.
Chicago Illinois dedicated to, oh that guy Gax guy
who the dungeons dragon yeah absolutely passed away.
There's always Gayle Guy Gax, she's free.
Okay, we've got Patrick from Westfield, New Jersey.
Thanks, Patrick.
Bo Bo Bo Bo Bo, Joy Happiness and Hardcore.
Okay, we've got Mark from Berkeley, California,
checking in with a 50th anniversary,
all right, here, yes.
Yes, that is a smart warrior.
That's smart warrior.
Smart warrior.
As smart warrior.
Smart warrior.
Smart warrior.
Is a smart warrior.
Not warrior.
This guy is a smart warrior.
He is a smart warrior.
Thomas, he's smart warrior.
He is.
Smart warrior.
Yes, he's a smart warrior.
He called warrior.
Yes.
Yes.
I thought we're going to keep going.
Well, we gotta stop.
Smart warrior.
OK, thanks, Flamer.
800, 989-9368, or Wf mu.
O-R-G keep it going Ted Leo's on the way thanks to people we'll get back to Ted
you want to thanks a couple more people absolutely it's getting a little nutty
around here we got Paige from North Playfield M-P-H-S rules from Paige and
Seth at North Playfield representing the double-dos thank you North Playfield
JC comics all right we've got we've got Austin from Toronto Canada
a super caller. Yes. Color of the year. Color of the year guys
dropping a mouse. Dropping a mouse. Oh my god. That's my boy.
Stevie Queen with a skull face. He's my guy. It's a talented young man.
newer or I'm sorry, New York. I'm sorry, New York. Um, thank you so much. Uh,
we've got, uh, David, uh, checking in from Hyde Park, New York stoked for the
Pat Nogwaldi, he wants to hear Ted play.
He wants it all.
He wants his best show in WFMU, 800-98-99368.
He also wants to hear Ted play, if it makes you happy,
by Shrewl Crew.
We've got Dave from Philadelphia.
Support the podcast, support the wire.
Thanks, Dave.
OK, we've got celebrity check it in.
Jim Norton.
Jim Norton.
Calling in from a place unknown. Yeah. Oh my goodness
3000 my space friend gentlemen Jim checking in. Thank you
You guys do win you guys do win. We're winning
Comedian in Jersey. Jim Norton. Yeah, he's very good. I'm at one of our sale abrasions
I'm more rich boss, man. We put him in the shirtless tank. He was great 800 989. Oh God
Hey hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight. You can't unsee something like that. No, you can't
Wf mu dot org keep it going people. We're doing great. We can do even better. Okay, Tom
Are we gonna be giving something away at this point? We we got the
The let's say we did we do the car bonus. We're doing the john Spencer
Let's do the john Spencer bluest explosion anybody who calls now is in the running for the pavement
Wowie's howie to see these set eight hundred nine eight nine three six eight
of WF MU dot orgie Ted Leo's gonna play in a matter of moments okay I just want
to let Mason from Ontario know that he has won the John Spencer blues explosion
jukebox explosion okay great we've got Peter we've got Peter from Monro New
York I pushed a thousand carts in and out of hotel club to donate this money
make it count thanks Peter Scott from Brooklyn New York checking in thanks
uh... on uh... w f a b dot org if radio listeners went on strike i'd
scab for best show thanks eric we got christian out of uh...
we've got peter from brooklyn new york god bless the best show and all who
soil with her or say i would say yes and so i thank you i would not i want to
play with you on celebrity will fortune if that's a bit soil to you
not gonna play a celebrity will fortune with you
chris from oakland california please have said to do a little of six
different ways by the cure if you get you know didn't we hear this before okay
yeah we've got uh... uh... insistent insistent people marsha from
los angeles uh... sparkle pop all right thank you marsha marsha has been such a
huge help to the to the show uh... with all technical stuff she put together
great mailing thank you so much but she says another pledge to say tom is the
best it's about pledge by the way that i mentioned that really well oh my
goodness we clap her mouth but she's barking queen with a skull face there
We've got Richard from Lansing, Michigan to think we've got John right John from Chicago. Hello, Sweden. Oops wrong show dropping a mouse John from Chicago. Thank you so much. Jessica from Brooklyn, New York. The best show is amazing. Love it. Tom for president. Absolutely.
I am running for president
Really? Yes, Tom. I gotta tell you I'm getting wrapped up. The flame is getting wrapped up in this indie loser spirit going on here
I didn't think I'd get this fired up. I'm gonna be here all night, and I'll tell you something
I'll be here till dawn and I'll challenge anyone to a crunch contest once come by 5 a.m
Hang on my lips are a little crack. They put a slip balm here. Hang on. What is that lip balm?
I don't know. It's kind of a you sure that's lip balm. Yeah, I'm putting it on the
uh oh my that's blue oh no flamers putting blue on his lips there's a
no no do it flamers no flamers knocked out he put blue on he's out for the
count oh we've lost the flamer we've got Jason from Des Moines to thank Edward
from Melrose and Massachusetts I say you think three more people then we get
to tell that we would thank three people we will draw for the stroke sick
dvd for the frost half anyone who pledged
seventy five dollars a more will just pull a card to a hit one seventy five
or more
wins
stroke sick the first stroke sick which will be signed by uh... associate
producer mike
david from new york new york thank you
we've got that correct from bluefield new jersey that we're going to need a
roof over it's had can teddy play and eat a roof
and we've got kevin from the napolis thank you but i love the podcast all right
thanks now we're going to draw
for the Strozik, the Strozik box, that box.
Oh my God, can you imagine if there's a Strozik box?
Can you imagine it's going to Joan from Seattle, Washington.
All right, Joan from Seattle, Washington
wins the Strozik box.
Holy moly, that box, it's not a box.
Thank God there's no Strozik box.
It's a five disc set, a Strozik.
Behind the scenes, we go a special interview
the chicken wrangler who helped teach the chicken how to play tic-tac-toe
everybody we're going to throw it back to Ted Leo now and remember eight hundred
nine eight nine nine three six eight or WFMU.org we are doing so well and just
so you know grand prize tonight grand prize anyone pledge of seventy five
dollars or more the grand prize consists of Todd Barry's brand new CD called
from heaven just came out today by the way everybody should pick it up Todd's
gonna be on the show in a couple weeks it consists of Pat Noswell CD where it
wolves and lollipops on the sub-pop label. It consists of Zach Elphinakis' DVD Live
at the Purple Onion. It also has, it's thrown in, a copy of the Human Giant DVD Season 1,
the complete Season 1. Thank you, Jason Wallener for that. It also, there's a Ted Leo poster,
get with that very exciting signed by Ted and an autograph picture of right
opening it up autograph anyone pledge is 75,000 more than the running for the
autograph for the grand prize you get an autograph picture of Conan O'Brien
it's real it's real too yes that's real I got that today thank you so much to
Brian Stack for that thank you but let's throw that's eight hundred nine eight
And there's also a signed Aquatine Hunger Force poster you get in that at grand prize
into the show.
What a grand prize.
Holy moly.
But right now, speaking from grand prizes to grand performers.
Thank you, Captain Segway.
You're welcome.
We're going to go back to Ted Leo.
How are you, Ted?
I'm good.
How are you?
Is everything doing okay?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So far the phones are ringing off the hook.
Yes.
It's like a course.
No, we want more.
Now, you have something else planned for us?
Yeah, this is another request actually.
Okay, I'm going to shut my mic off, but on the way out I'm going to tell people 800-989-9368 or WFMU.org.
Keep it ringing people.
This is a song about New Jersey.
To the other side It becomes daylight
I think it's mine Or I'll power past you
Please don't have a han
IONIONIONIONION MV
Climb up for flights, to the all-run side
Rearrange my mind, intergoes union
Union, Union, Union city blue
Skyline, passion, Union city blue
Power, passion, plays a double hand
Yes, yes, head Leo, Union City Blue, Blondie, yeah, keeping everybody on their toes with
that.
Now Ted, do you know the number of people should be calling 800, actually it's 1-800-989-9368.
That's right.
Or if there was a pledge online, where would they go?
That is correct, everybody. Ted told you to do it. So you do it. He's your boss, right? You're the boss. You've paid the cost to be the boss.
Many costs. Yes. Do you have another song for us? Yes, no. Maybe so. Actually, I have a really short one. Do you want to do one of your own, baby? No, you don't. You don't like your own songs.
songs. It's up to you. Now you want to whatever you want to do. Yeah, um, yeah, sure. Okay. Um,
there was, there were a number of people who requested something last year that, um,
that, uh, I felt like I kind of left hanging. Okay. I should maybe do that. Sure. Let's do that.
It's short. So you ready? Well, is this self-explanatory? It's self-explanatory. It's
Right.
All right.
Great.
Here we go.
It's going to be a change fight tonight.
Everyone's going to feel alright.
You got the coach by the side.
Polish in the chain.
You know I'm going to do it right.
Tonight.
It's going to be a change fight tonight, everyone's going to feel alright, you got the
coach by the side, polish him a chain, you know I'm going to do it right, tonight.
Yes, change fight tonight, it was a hit for the gort, way back when, Roland gort, you
were alright.
So much shorter back then.
You don't need more than that.
Yeah.
Wire has songs that short. The occasion we've got it by voice. The song can be that short, right?
I need to learn from these masters.
Urinals have songs that short. And so did the gorge.
Yeah, the Minutemen.
The Minutemen, yes. Do you have anything else you want to do? Or would you feel...
I'll do one of my own if you want.
Let's do one of your own. Everybody loves the songs that Ted Lee and the Pharmacists do.
We thrilled to your awesome album, Living with the Living All, through last year.
And now you are going to reap the fruits of those hard-earned labors.
Oh no, my friend, you are going to reap the fruits.
We all are.
But you might see things in your own songs that you didn't know, thus reaping.
That's true.
Yes.
I've already had a number of moments like that.
Alright, well let's see what you've got up your sleeve.
Yeah.
And I'll send this out to our friend Laura Cantrell.
Alright.
Fantastic.
Alright.
Let's see.
Here we go.
There we go.
Nine years down the road and I remember it still Staring on a corner back in Govan Hill
Nine days out from home Feeling all pain and more than city sun
Breaking through the rain That walk through sun valley shining on
You in the bottle of Bucky, and you in the bottle of Bucky
Nine years come and gone since I left you at home
And I stressed the soul of mine, had me starting to roam
With the first time I stood, the banks had to cry
I was so glad to have me standing back by my side
So proud of what we were doing on you
You in the bottle of Bucky
And me and you, you in the bottle of Bucky
And you in the bottle of Bucky
And me and you, you in the bottle of Bucky
When you're by the dew and your starry eyes
Was a day we bought the study phone
We're all of our lives with the bold missionaries
The children's gonna say no fear by me as we will run away
There never will nothin' like you get in our way
In the nets with their knuckles and their burberry scarves
He said, how'd you Jersey boys ever make it this far
But you jumped in between and said, listen my songs
You don't know nothing about a where we're from
And you don't know nothing about a watch now
Me and you, the bottle of bucky
Me and you, the bottle of bucky
Three times I've been back in my one of the waves last time
It was too high during marching days
When someone took the road from the bitter parade
But I knew what you were doing outside of the state
You know I never got the better up than you
Yes! Yes! Ted Lea! Thank you. Thank you, Ted. We're going to go back to the phone and
we have so many people to thank, don't we, do we not sue? Absolutely, absolutely, Tom.
got I just want to mention that we're we've given away the the pavement Wowie's
owie to Bob from Portland Oregon congratulations well done Bob next prize
up on the block at 1-800-989-9368 1-800-989-9368 is going to be any preference
time let's say we'll give away the replacements a greatest hits collection
call don't you know who I was is that what it is who I was yes absolutely so
again ten bucks from I'll get you that we've got tons of people to thank
celebrity thank you celebrity in my book anyway Paul I've Tom Keeney all right
yeah dropping a mouse yes dropping a mouse thank you Paul very nice thank you
so much you've got Milo from San Antonio Texas we've got Jake from Hobo
in New Jersey like a double scoop of vanilla soup supports the prop podcast
Thank you. Thank you. We've got Johnny teen in South River
Okay, thanks for giving birth to so many smiles. Okay. Oh, thank you. That's nice. I'm at from Austin, Texas
Okay, we've got
Sean from
New York. All right. Thank you so much. Thank you. Ben from Toronto. Love the podcast and the premium. Keep it up and keep it up
everybody eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight the WF MU.org. Let's keep it going
We're doing right Toronto, Canada. I love the podcast and the premium. Keep it up Tom
Bob from Seattle. Thanks for the laughs CJ from Omaha, Nebraska, even more than he pledged to Fred Thompson
P. S. Ken Ted play New England by Billy Bragg Ben from Madison New Jersey by order of the honor roll judge Montgomery Davies
I hereby make a place to W. F. M. U. Word. Thank you.
Ned from Clifton New Jersey. Hey Tom. Thanks for all that you do. Here's a couple of slow good ideas. Best show in 2008.
And Tom, we trust best show in 2008 putting the new back in New Bridge save the podcast. Thanks, Ned.
Julie from Cincinnati, Ohio completing a mouse pledge. Thank you, Julie.
Thank you, Julie.
You're scary, but we love you.
Jonas from Houston.
Dropping a mouse.
Jonas from West End.
Jonas, thank you, Jonas.
Thank you.
We've got David from Woodinville, Washington.
Thank you.
All right, David.
Thank you.
I'm going to go to Eric from Chicago, Illinois.
I heard that if I pledge I could call in and talk up a song
of my request, it goes to gradually fades in.
Is that true?
Jacob from Duran, Michigan.
I already pledged last week, but I couldn't resist.
Best show of rain and supreme.
Thanks, buddy.
I'm just reading them.
Gaylord and Kathleen, our own WFMU.
All right, thank you.
They're very kind.
They're very kind.
All right, we've got Courtney from Lincoln, Nebraska.
Thank you.
We've got Timothy online at WFMU.org,
checking in from Sunnyside, New York.
I forgot my listed number.
Thanks, Timothy.
OK, thank you so much.
Kevin from East Greenwich, Rhode Island.
Ted Lea requests in the airplane over the sea.
That's a big indie hit, I hear.
Jeb from Chicago, Illinois.
Best shows, topics.
That's not happening.
Tops, pod, cast, rocks.
Tom you got to be on Christmas so I say your motto should be gomps take no
holiday that's right we do not they do not take off thank you Dan from Ringwood
New Jersey aka saving Tron all right saving Tron thank you so much buddy
would Ringwood cups all late yes do it kids doing it out there thank you
buddy Zach from Philadelphia hi to Boston thanks for turning me on to the
show thank you Steve from San Francisco Thomas Queen thanks Keenan from Brooklyn
New York with a mouse bledge, all right Robin from Belville, New Jersey second
plus today long lived Tom in the Abba box absolutely agreed. Dan from Seabright
New Jersey the seawall, the bludgeoning, thank you very much. Just see from
Pequia, Pennsylvania, Ted Lang, I don't know, love boat. Thank you. Okay, Cody from
West Orange. I love this stuff.
We do one eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight.
I don't hear the phone ring and we need to make that happen.
Jay from Stewart, Florida, checking in, uh, Jeff from South
Orange, New Jersey on W F M U dot org, John from Ogden, Utah.
Thanks, John.
Uh, we've got, uh, let's see, uh, Nick again from, uh, best show
keeps me sane from like in Nebraska, Stephen from Anchorage, uh,
Alaska.
All right.
Thank you, Stephen.
Show podcast here.
Thank you, Alaska.
We've got Heather from Chicago.
Let's see, laughing on the inside.
Tashi from Lafayette, Colorado.
They finally started filming the wire movie
with Andy Milicanakis as McNulty.
Watch out.
It sounds good.
Watch out this time.
They're taking on free form radio.
Wow.
Is that who they're going after in season six?
Kevin from Union City, New Jersey.
Thomas the Robbins and the Luscombe of radio.
Paul from Austin, Texas.
Matthew from.
Oh, that's an air hockey reference.
thank you
and who said that
uh... that would be uh...
uh... kevin from you
all thank you kevin your sweet i love you from calgary canada support podcast
good guys win no wait
yes we're doing uh... and jan and over michigan we support the show in your
podcast we love you tom jane lore from porta rico thank you for that
danny from brooklyn new york checking in on w f m u dot org dominique and
christina hamilton ontario thank you so much that's uh... patrick from not
Thank you, Anonymous Beef from Oakland, California.
Dropping a mouse on the best you want to be on the phone.
Thanks so much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
Oh my goodness.
We've got Lori from Miami, Florida with a 50th anniversary
pledge.
Yes, yes.
Thank you, Lori.
Thank you, Dottie.
OK.
Daddy agreed to match pledge for birthday.
She's got requests.
like to hear Ted's all right people of revolution by the addicts you got your
fill of this guy doing request thank you for the 500 bucks he did a song for
you already we've we've got Karen from Jersey City thanks Karen prize account
I smooch you request one night in Bangkok that's a good one we got Brian
from Brooklyn glad you liked my poster design Tom oh Brian you you killed it
with this poster and everybody who pledged $75 or more automatically gets
it. It is going to be so beautiful. Matt from my favorite posters. Matt from
Bethlehem PA. We've got our buddy Ken Ken K from Cincinnati, Ohio. Well done Ken.
Katkin family says Roy Juniper president. Wait what? Thank you Ken. Larry Larry
from Kansas City. I heart Tom Kansas City, Missouri. Thank you. Casey from
Astoria, New York. Continue to make Jersey proud. And he is 1-800-989-9368.
Mo from Brooklyn the best show stands for everything I stand for and I have a
schoolgirl crush on all three special guests. Oh you know what so do I. That's
coming from yeah okay Drew from Birmingham Alabama hoping that Corey
Harris finds David Bowie's spaceboat if I could afford to pay more I would. Thank
you. August from Maplewood New Jersey. Oh thank you. Represent John John from
Los Angeles California it's a sick sad world but Tom lights my way like a
beak it in the night thanks so much i appreciate we got uh... bathroom camber
to new york
got yet from brooklyn tom's name is an anagram of phantom girls
about that thing david from lebanon missouri
uh... the pop pop up message board of doors you because of you the tent stands
also please play
pizza party
cliff of from uh... broadview heights ohio on w f m u dot org at jordan from
on row and new york thank you back
boring day on
Christopher Chris from the DC Snipers alright DC Snipers yeah check it in of
course from DC thank you so much new album get it to me guy got Nick checking
in with a mouse pledge right Nick thank you from Jersey City New Jersey City comes
through once again we've got bongo from this getaway go get him Tom thanks I'm
trying buddy all right John from Minneapolis Minnesota's
Fledging on WFMU.org. Tom from Cambridge, Massachusetts, adding to my previous pledge. Thanks, buddy.
Teddy Rockstar, give Benson, Raddy, Louie, Love, Love, Love. Let's see Matt and Christine from shovel.com.
All right, thanks guys.
shovel.com, coming through. Fledging our coverage. Payback to the show with Love, Matt from Brooklyn, Liz from Chicago.
Thanks, Liz. We've got Tim from Oaktown, Illinois.
Thanks, Deb. Bryce from Denton, Texas. Thanks, Bryce. We've standing online to
vote in Texas as Bryce and Ezra. Do it. Ezra, drop it a mouse. All right, Ezra.
Thank you so much. Okay, excellent. Ezra from Highland Park, New Jersey,
from Prasanta. Matt from Cranford doesn't want to be a rapist. That's right. Who
Who does?
Oh, let's see, Carl from Upper Montclair, New Jersey.
We've got Jessica from Burnaby, British Columbia, Canada.
Thanks Jessica.
Yes, John, sorry, Joshua from Bluefield, New Jersey.
That show forever, I want to hear Divo get to steal.
Thank you.
So you can see your Lord Holstin's.
Go to Holstin's.
Get the espresso ice cream.
Nevada dine.
Nevada dine.
I think they should have shot the finale of the Nevada dine actually.
We've got Jeremiah from Chico, California.
All right.
Chico.
Party school.
Yeah.
We've got Daniela.
Chico State.
Daniel from Los Angeles.
A.S. here in LA.
Pludgy for podcast.
She makes sitting on traffic.
Bearable.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Brian from San Diego, San Diego loving Tom with the mouse pledge.
All right.
Thank you.
Thank you.
1-800-98-99368-1-800-98-N-W-F-M-U pledge online at wfmu.org.
from San Diego, California. Thank you so much. Tim from Brooklyn, Porcupine Pie from Neil Diamond
once in the year. We've got James from Jersey City, check it in on WFMU.org. Jason from Seattle,
the best show is my lifeblood podcast forever. Thank you, Jason. Let's see, Sarah from
lubic main thank you Sarah hosting guests on the message board thank you
Sarah did I met at wait a minute Tom we Sarah Sarah needs a little bigger
cheer than that because you know what she dropped a 50 at the head of earth
very nice very nice how's our look at your mommy's name on the show we've got
John from South River, Connecticut. Let's see. John from the CTAK Frogman from
A.C. says Best Show. For your health. Thank you. Roy from New York City.
Thanks Roy. Thank God Charles from Atlanta, Georgia. Love the best show.
And Strozek, is that so strange? Thank you Charles. Charles from Atlanta
adding to my pleasure from last week. Love the Best Show and Strozek. Thanks
buddy. Hey we get the rest of your clan buddy. Okay this is this is double right
here. Okay, we've got Dylan dropping a mouse Dylan from from some I think the
military individual. All right. Thank you, Dylan. Thank you so much. I love Tom and
Teddy Rockstar. I sold my wire DVD to pledge. Sweet to say that. I talk most
something nicer. We'll be I will I will. Dylan in the Navy. There you go. Thank you.
Thank you so much. Okay. We got we got the next week. We got a prize to give away
Because we're falling behind on prizes.
We're going to give away the Amy Sedera's book, I Like You.
Which I think is, is that the Borat story?
I like you, I like you, right?
Did you write the, the Borat story?
What? Whatever.
Pledge of $10 more, get you in the running for it.
800-989-9368.
Wfmu.org, let's keep these phones ringing.
Okay, I guess Amy Sedera's is going to Keenan from Brooklyn,
Keenan from Brooklyn, New York. Next up I give away the dictator CD every day is
Saturday. Okay and we've got Zach from Chicago. I listen every week on my putt
pod. That's right. Thank you Zach. Brian from Greenfield's house Carolina. I want
the Patton Oswalt CD. And you're going to get it if you pledge $75 or more you
automatically get that. It's part of the fun pack. You get the CD. The Patton Oswalt
CD, which only exists until 11 p.m. tonight. Then every copy that is not accounted for
is destroyed. You get the t-shirt, which the t-shirt is going to say, get ready to meet
my little friend. That's right. It's going to show, uh, it's going to show Al Pacino
with the machine gun and it's going to say, get ready to meet my little friend. It's
going to look like you bought it at a flea market. We've got Bruce to thank for Forest
Hills, uh, New York. We've got Jamie from Rutherford, New Jersey. Thank you. Frederick
from Honolulu, Hawaii, please like cover of Dancing in the Dark, the Pitchfork Music Festival.
We'll see.
Brian from Asheville, North Carolina, did what was, okay, having a little trouble reading
this stuff.
Thank you.
Lou from Morristown.
Right.
07960.
Checking in.
My goodness.
Headleo is God.
Tom is not a fading captain.
How?
show uh cured my plague on words okay uh michael from um mawah love the show
right thank you mike and you are the okay uh yeah that's my guy
sal you're the Travis Luskam of radio another air <E.D.> reference yeah yeah yeah
many people have studied lust cone versus robin's 2004 finals down in
Texas we've got Frank from Brooklyn from Frank and Audrey David thanks guys thanks
David let's see Peter thanks Peter again from wonton thanks Peter we've got
Alexander from Bloomington, Indiana I'm gonna I'll be right back okay there's
plenty to read as good as new my love for you and keeping it that way is my
intention. Okay, Alexander, you've got a bunch of stuff here, Ethan, call check it in on WFMU from
Hidden Hills, California, Daniel from Philadelphia, check it in. Thank you so much. We are thinking
Pamela from Philadelphia. She says, Tom is very persuasive. I must compare with you, Pamela,
One eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight one eight hundred nine eight nine W. F. M. U. Yes
Oh my goodness by the way, it's W. F. M. U. E. Starnes
W. F. M. U. E. Starnes W. X. H. D man hope worldwide on the world wide web at W F M U. O. R. G
And we have one hour to go here on the best show two thousand eight marathon
It's a one hour to show your support for the show one hour to say I like the best show one hour to say thank you
Tom for 50 weeks of fun two weeks of fundraising
one hour eight hundred nine nine nine three six eight oh my goodness thank you
how you doing man I'm so sorry I'm late well you're here so sorry that my
plane got delayed uh-huh I couldn't get it's been it it's been nuts um did
but I did did the flamer come by did famous flamer come by yes he's
actually asleep in the other room he did some how did he burn himself out that
He did blue. He rubbed some blue. Oh, no. His lips get so cracked. Yeah
He was coming in from Ponca City, Oklahoma
And he gets so dehydrated on the planes. Yeah now that he he said he was going to double your pledges
Uh-huh or he would did he announce how?
He's gonna double your pledges or he's gonna put anthrax in the water supply. He didn't get that
I think he conked out before he got to that point. Okay. Well, then you know, but how the pledge is going did he help?
Yeah, I think the I think the flame are helped a lot. Yeah, we're doing pretty good here
The phones are ringing at eight hundred nine eight nine three six eight and online at WFMU.org
He's a legend at Orzeman Dodge, so I figured he could come here and fire up the phone guys
Yes, he did his part. We appreciate it. I'm glad I hope he's having a peaceful
Hope he's having a peaceful nap. God. I know he know it. He's earned it. He's earned it that nap is 20 years coming
Yes, oh Patton Oswald you obviously are I
I would say super famous yes obviously I'm super semi-famous it's I'm the
semi-famous I'm in the top 1% who are the lead character in the Academy Award
winning animated film Ratatouille let's hear it for Ratatouille winning an
Oscar right yeah I'll play for myself you should well thank you myself the only
thing you would have gotten in trouble if Daniel Day Lewis did a voice for
Surf's up. That would have been rough. You wouldn't have won. I'll go out there on the waves
They'll surf in the tubes
Doesn't matter if the board's been a fiberglass or wood a ride either one
That you know what? I love the spray of the surf surf's up to yep surf's up to rat at two we
Know they're working on that are they I don't know. They're probably not now
Would you be willing to sing one of the songs from ratatouille tonight? There's no songs in ratatouille there weren't like
you haven't seen it yet
there's not a song called the rats are coming back
rats in the kitchen
i love food i could sing round and round by rat
i i i begged brad bird to put that in the movie round that would have been
surrounded around when that had been cool it was awesome
just like after everybody saw this amazing movie
what if it was the the moment when the when the chef
when the critic went back to childhood was in your
out in the streets wrong play just ruining the moment I knew right from the
beginning 800 989
would end up with nine three six eight hundred nine eight nine three six eight
we have 57 minutes left for the best show 2008 marathon this is your last
chance that you patent were kind enough to record a CD EP yes and that is
available only by people who pledge for people only pledge seventy five dollars
are more yeah it's it's two bits that will not be available anywhere else I'm
not going to put them on the new album I'm working on they're not on the old
album they are only on this EP it's the only way you can actually own them unless
use illegally record me at one of my live shows which I do not recommend no
it's like a doobie brothers thing right it's like a kid jumping up front at a
final fall show and an old tape recorder falls out whenever I see a
morbidly obese pop and locker guy in the front with suspenders that's the first
guy I search. Yeah, I have him searched. Yes. Because because
he knows he'll be being one of those giant Sennheiser tape
orders and record the concert. Yeah. And remember the the the
secret of that episode like the the the twist was that they
finally played the tape back and it was the sound of rerun
eating. Oh, he's fat. I also like how the guy the bootleggers
are kind of threatening to kill rerun because you know tape
Bootleggers are really violent dangerous people and then they turn the tables on them by basically the doobie brothers
Just walk into the room and the guys freak out like the doobie brothers are that frightening
Whoa, and they also claim that the doobie brothers all grow up in that neighborhood if they're not really brothers
Yeah, it's like no, that's just weird drug lingo right exactly brothers, man
But like the guys for for what's happening. We're kind of like you know what let's make these guys brought
actually like they are actually a family and that way they all grew up in
this town they're playing a hometown concert so they faked their own
background they were playing different characters zero so called the doobie
brothers zero credibility doobie brothers yeah thumbs down a giant white
brood from the black ghetto that became recording artists that's with the
doobie brothers that's what they were eight hundred nine eight nine three six
eight or w f m u dot or do we are so close to ben gibber coming back in here
and playing a little more music for everybody right yes yes he's giving the
thumbs up. Benjamin. And I seriously right now, I want to thank Ted Leo, Pat Naswalt and Ben
Gibber for coming down and entertaining everybody tonight. It was so generous and they all scrambled
to get here and worked over time and made it happen. And thank you so much. Let's hear it for
for Patton, Ben and Ted for coming down. I prefer Ted Leo, the lion hearted, but okay.
We did it again. Soft machine.
It's like moon in June off, soft machine 4. 88 minutes long.
Hey Tom, I wonder if anyone else has called it and pledged. What do you think?
I don't know, Sue. Has anyone else called it and pledged? Oh absolutely, we got a lot to get to here.
Let's blast through these people. Then we'll get Ben in here, play some songs, and then we'll
let's put another prize up on the table. Okay congrats to
John and South River who has won the Dictators and our next prize that we're going to get away.
You mean you mean South River Johnny just called in?
That's amazing that one Wow, that's all South River Johnny. Thanks, dude
The next thing we want to give away Tom is with the did we give away the Amy Sederis?
We gave away the Amy Sederis. We can give away
Okay, we've got Nick to thank from
Austin, Texas. Thanks Nick
We've got Robert from Athens, Ohio, who was the 200th web pledge of the night of the show because that's what Bobby Athens does
He's always 200. Thanks, buddy. Always is we've got Matthew
Subrond and Tom Sharpling
Dare I not add another 20 bucks to my best show pleasant honor of the time. I met Nitto in the Scotch Plains Burger King Scotch Plains
Yes, got to a diner
Wow, I didn't know he included a New Yorker short story with that pledge. What the heck Chris from Benson, Texas
this is from
Hound thanks, buddy. Oh
Hound one of the one of the fine AST posters good guy. Thank you. Hound. We've got
Meachie from Brooklyn. We've got Mark from London, England
Thanks Mark good stuff Jim. Thanks golf nut bulbs are down out as you're on
Thank you. We've got Jim from Carber, North Carolina, Matt.
It's Jim from Home of Cats Cradle. It's a great, great, great club.
All right. You're going to name this one, Tom. Matt from Ford's New Jersey.
Ford's Jewelers. Ford's Jewelers, Ventivinal. Right.
Avinale, the prison for sexual offenders. Yeah. Fire and ice.
There you go. Oh, Gentleman's Club.
Well, no, it's a disco. Oh, okay. All right.
It's so much better than a gentleman's club of disco, yeah.
We've got Jacob to thank from San Francisco podcast listener.
Wow, sourdough jay called in.
That's great.
Thanks, buddy.
We've got Seth from Evanston, Illinois.
Jeff from Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
We've got a.
Wow, drunken cheese, drenched Jeff.
That's so cool.
Thanks, Jeff.
Megan from Ipsilanti, Michigan.
Ipsil, go on.
John from, I honestly don't know where he from,
but it's 201, it's an orange crate size pledge.
Thanks, buddy.
Johnny Mystery, callin' in.
We've got John from West Palm Beach, Florida.
I only have room in my heart for the best show.
All right.
We've got Chris from Cranford, New Jersey.
I'm over here in my normal pledge
because of what you do to me, Tom.
Thanks, buddy.
Micah from Dire Indiana just wanted double,
make sure that I'm requesting Tom Sharplin's best show.
Dire Mikey, you did it.
John from Milltown, New Jersey.
You guys win bad guys.
John.
Thank you, John.
Ryan Portland, Oregon.
For once, I'm doing the right thing.
1-800-999-368.
John from Wood Ridge, New Jersey.
Thanks for everything I also like to hear.
Tell it to my heart by Taylor Day.
And you and me both.
We'll see.
No, you know what?
I'll drop it right now.
Tell it to my heart.
Let me hear you, my heart.
Here's the time to go, my name.
She has huge puffy lips.
Yes, Taylor Day and fake puffy lips.
eight hundred nine eight nine three six eight w f m u dot o r g keep it going
folks dave from chicago will annoy drop in a mouse on top right there wow
can you tell a joke with dave's name in it uh... anybody does a mouse pledge we
tell a joke with their name in it i would happily uh... dave is uh... is uh
selling things door to door and he knocks on a door in a five-year-old kid answers
drinking a scotch and smoking a cigar and dave says excuse me are your parents
home and the kid goes what do you think
All right, there's a little joke. Thank you. Thank you Dave. Yeah, that's all yours buddy answering machine material
Dave from Knoxville, Tennessee super caller Dave that is oh, yeah Dave. Well done buddy
Thank you so much. We've got Mac from Las Cruiches, New Mexico
New Mexico loves two things tumbleweeds and the best show all right
Dan from Jersey City tumbleweeds a sling for crank, right? I think so I hope boy
Rainbow says hi PS you you'd play a good cop jerk okay oh that guy's mad because
I bailed on his on his little pilot thing he wanted me to act in his name is
rainbow yeah thank you though I appreciate it Dave Mick from Hattiesburg
Mississippi best shows a best show on radio period thank you Tom
the bus in 2008. Thanks Blake. John from Vernon Hills, Illinois. Tom, thanks for
making the Best Show podcast. I highlight on my week 52 weeks a year. Michael from
West Caldwell, New Jersey. Thank you, Michael. Jason from San Hope, New Jersey,
not San Hop, San Hope. Thanks, Jason. Very generous, WFMU.org. You can pledge
online like Jeremy from Toronto, Ontario. Best show getting done in 08.
This is an amplitude in from the message board saying good guys win. Thank you,
everybody. Wow. Maniac FOT, Peter from Portland, Maine, a show name Maniac FOT. Oh, I, I,
you get it. I think he's a maniac. Joe from Tampa, Florida. Thank you. We've got Daniel
from, uh, Hamilton, Canada, province Ontario. Right. Thanks. I say camel toe Canada. Camel
to Canada showing from Brockton mass thank you
thanks John Brockton god I love saying that
Brockton miss I was in Brockton and I'd had a roll of
challenge Joe from San Francisco California Alex from
bababababababab Brooklyn New York hey he wants something from you oh boy he
says clap for me why mass pledge thank you all right let's hear what's what was
Whoa, Alex from Brooklyn, Alex, you're not got a joke for Alec.
Oh, good Lord, wait a minute.
I got it in just a second and boom.
Alec is Alex with an X, Alex with an X, I'm blanking.
I'll think of one.
Keep going.
OK, OK, we got Tim from Philadelphia.
Thank you so much Ramsey from Ramsey is a multi-pleasure.
Thank you.
It's a good guy, thanks Ramsey.
Alex tries to get into a fancy restaurant
and they say you gotta wear a tie.
So he runs out to his car and only has his pair
of jumper cables.
So your apps jumper cables around his neck
goes back up to the Mater Dean,
goes technically this is a tie.
Can I get in?
And the Mater Dean goes, all right,
but don't go starting anything.
Thank you.
Squared him to stay with me.
I like that.
The phones are ringing for that one.
Oh Lord.
That's what a mouse pledge or more gets you.
You get your name thrown in a joke by Patton.
One eight hundred nine eight nine three six eight is a number to call. Yes. Um, we've got, uh, Raj from, uh, Bristo, Virginia. Keep it going. Tom, we've got, uh, Kellen from Chicago. Uh, Lori from Miami will never, uh, be in my hate pit. Uh, not mine. Yeah, uh, sorry for the bad reads on these kids. I don't, I'm just, I'm just pulling through this. Alex. Yeah, Alex, uh, more Ted Leo covers. Yes. Thank you. Um, Dan, Dan, Dan.
Danny D over here from F&U Tom brings the funny give him the money good guys win
Thank you so much Kenny from Somerville Mass
Brendan from Parsipany, New Jersey. Thanks Brendan. Okay, keep okay
Plutch haven't last year so I figured it's your turn now Tom keep talking the talk the gomping the gomp
Thanks. I will I will Patrick from Gettsville, New York. Thank you. Thank you. Oh my buddy Colin from Toronto, Canada
Thank you Colin, thank you Colin a priest a rabbi and an Irishman walk into a bar and the bartender goes
What is this some kind of joke?
There it is. Thank you. Colin says my favorite night of the year the Tom and Sue team up. Yes mine too. Yes
We're almost done thanking these people then Ben Gibber comes in place some songs
West from Philadelphia did you don't tell me thanks? I will tell you thanks fair enough
And we've got Bobby from Montclair.
We've got Jake from New York.
Any members who do not pledge will be banned for life,
moderator, and I'm a tron, okay.
Thanks, Jake. Good guy.
Ryan from Fort Collins, Colorado.
Love to hear Tom and Patton sing the duet
with back of chorus from Teddy and Ben.
Who knows?
Jennifer from Clifton, New Jersey.
Little summer lovin' from Greece.
Bryce from Kater, Iowa, listening online in Iowa.
Now it's the winter of our disco tech.
What does she have a friend?
Jason, Jason of Elizabeth, New Jersey,
John from LaMoyne, Pennsylvania.
Well, it's not great that one guy was like,
he was like 43 when he was supposed to be in Greece.
He's like, hey, the gang, he's like, he's got,
that's all sweaty and has like huge bags under his eyes.
What 17 year old is that?
Like, what does she have, a friend?
I own my own house painting company,
but I love to sing at the high school.
We've got Evan to thank from Chicago, Illinois.
We back Sarah from New Orleans, Louisiana.
Quimmy, AKA Maggie.
Thanks Maggie.
Get ready to meet my little mouse, please.
All right, let's do it.
That's Maggie, you got to go?
Maggie goes to the doctor.
The doctor says, I have bad news.
You have cancer and Alzheimer's.
And Maggie goes, well, thank God I don't have cancer.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap.
We've got George from Astoria, New York.
George and Alec comes to love the best show.
Thank you.
We love you.
Patrick from Chicago.
We've got another Patrick from Brooklyn, New York.
Thank you.
Thanks Patrick.
So much.
Let's say we give away one thing and get to something else.
Yes.
Okay.
The Hank for third person shooter goes to Bob from Seattle.
Congratulations.
Well done.
Seattle cleaning up with the prizes tonight.
Wow.
Yeah.
Yeah.
What do we got up there?
Lord CD, which is a collection of French proto metal, which a lot of people ask me about.
It's a really awesome CD, minimum pledge of $10 more gets you in the running for that
800-989-9368. We're ready to go back to the music now, with it looks like a team up now.
Let me, uh, this time is personal.
Now it's been in Ted together, okay, I'm gonna shut my Michael and let you guys weave
some magic. We're almost there, we're getting okay okay. We'll keep
ringing through eight hundred nine eight nine three six eight or WFM you
dot org we're making it happen this is a fun night ever the phone room is alive
everybody's here it's it's like a who's who we got Jason Walliner this guy he's
the director of the human giant series one of the most talented people going
this guy five years people gonna be work everyone's gonna be working for this
We've got the amazing Julie Klausner here, the singer, comedian, essayist here, everybody.
We've got, I think that's it, nobody else.
We've got Dave, the first call screener I ever had, over there, are you guys ready?
I don't know.
That's not good, he's not that good.
Well we're gonna throw it to Ben Gibbard and Ted Leo who are in studio now
ready to do their thing together. Okay Tom this is this is this is all I got
prepared for the rest of the evening I'm sorry but I think this I think this
one's gonna be a goodie. Okay. This is a good yet. I'm ready. I'm ready.
Pokey pine pie, Pokey pine pie, Pokey pine pie, Vanilla soup, A double scoop please.
No maybe I won't, maybe I will, maybe I'll have the 2T fruit with snooty blue cheese.
Oh, but pork, you pine pie, pork, you pine pie, pork, you pine pie, don't let it get on
your jeans.
And though this sounds a little strange, well you've got to eat it with gloves or your hands
will turn cream, oh God.
You think it's Kelly?
your pine pie pork your pine pie pork your pine pie it weaves its way through my
dream and I do believe I'm gonna have one leave some little room for dessert chicken
and ripple ice cream.
Yeah, yes, thank you so much.
That was jaw dropping, thank you Ben, thank you so much, thank you, thank you, thank you.
My favorite, head and bend, bend and head, thank you so much.
Is that good enough to get the phones ringing again?
800.
989.
9368.
If you haven't pledged yet, that was so great.
That was unbelievable.
Wow.
The worst song ever.
The worst song ever.
800.
989.
9368.
Wfmu.org.
Let's thank some people.
And we are going to build toward the exciting dramatic conclusion of the show, which is
only 35 minutes away.
And if you are out there and you haven't pledged yet to WFMU.org or to 800-989-9368, after hearing
that, I don't want to tell you, I don't want to tell you, I don't want to know you.
You can't pledge after hearing that.
What do you want from us?
It's like if this place blows up the entertainment industry, it's a trouble.
This place blows up and we're going to be asking that guy for Third Eye Blind to start working on a new album.
Nobody wants that. We finally showed that guy the door.
I don't have to let him back in because there's nobody good alive.
Howard Feller's going to be back doing voices cartoons. Nobody wants that.
Doing voice ratatoey too. Get Howard Feller back in there.
we showed that guy the door don't let him back in get that guy with the flamingo
guitar we'll be back doing the Gilligan's Island theme the tune of a stairway to
heaven we showed that guy the door we got the good people here eight hundred nine
eight nine nine three six eight WF MU dot ORG phone for you talk to Martin for
medicine phone for you talking Martin for medicine future
super caller eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight
w f m u dot o r g let's thank some people okay Tom we're in the
phone room and thanking people Michael from summer real mass
this budget for Tom successful years long campaign to
reunite Big Dipper as much as it is for the big show and it's
happening the big show I worked on I worked on that for five
years and they're playing shows next month that was hard and
but they did it and this show was a part of that happening
eight hundred nine eight nine three six eight or w f m u dot o r g
michael says thanks best show for life uh... jesse from jamaica plane at mass
limousine liberals for the best show yes and i want to joke thanks pat and
tom and ted whitish jesse wanted to get jesse dot the mouth yes thank you
jesse
uh... what is jesse get when she crosses the atlantic on the titanic
halfway
i like that that's yeah that's like a cute
but the cute one but it's
and and it's also historical you learn something
we've got been from san francisco california
checking in at w f m u dot org joe from williams town new jersey drew from
a st
pledging again to request a postal service on tom drinks your milkshake
thank you
uh... i'm sorry i can't afford a joke maybe next year uh... thank you generous
anyway teller
It's here, saying thanks for my favorite radio show.
Thanks, buddy.
Back from LA, California.
This runs for Dogmo, reluctantly,
dying on human flesh.
So where does the zombie chewing on some benefit?
I love Tom.
I've been training Dogmo to just exclusively live off
of human flesh and blood.
It's not going very well, though.
Still prefers the dog food.
Hey, we try to mix it in sometimes.
She picks around it.
She picks around tomatoes and human flesh.
Weird.
Luke from Eureka, California, checking in Jixby Phillips here.
I already spoke to Tom's boss, but I want to support the best show.
Thanks Jixby.
Seamus from Brooklyn, New York.
Thanks, Seamus.
Thank you.
Nate from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
The winner takes it all.
That's right.
The winner does take it all.
Jared from West and Connecticut.
We're going to do it tonight.
We're taking it all tonight.
We're taking it all.
Nick from Norwalk.
Nick from Norwalk, please don't announce that I may.
Oh, well, then why put it on a card?
That's a whole tome here.
Chris from Brooklyn, New York.
Chris held off doing Blow This Week in Floods and Savings for a mouse bled.
What's the name Chris Chris why did why did Chris the chocolate chip cookie go to the hospital?
Why he's feeling crummy
That's cute. That's me. I like that one. That's good. That's like good when he gets those weird
Vibrations from from uh denying his body cocaine
I do feel crummy. You just took something cute and made it evil
Oh, he mentioned Coke all right Casey checking in again. Here's another $10 for
porcupine pie. Thank you. I think it's worth a lot more 1-800-989368 WFMU.org
Mackenzie from Walnut Port, Pennsylvania. Ted Leo, please do such great
highs. Ben, please do dirty old town. Patton, keep being creepy. Oh, yay. Way ahead of
you. Creepy in the good weather. Creepy in the good way. Ben from San Francisco.
thank you Jason from Brooklyn with a very generous pledge thank you so much
Jason Josh from New York New York thank you Mike from Minneapolis checking in
on WFMU.org as well as Nicole from San Francisco thanks to you Tom I'm now
into talk radio more Philly boy Roy Bryce and bring back Keith Kincaid
Keith Kincaid my make it come back if you're just getting into talk radio I
might want to recommend a guy you might want to check out Jim Gerhardt he does
the morning show for New Jersey 101.5 it's very exciting every third show is
about why the New Jersey turnpike needs to be free I love that he's on TV you
know yeah I was one of the highlights when I changed cable companies it
actually made me reconsider moving because I wasn't gonna get to see the
the webcast of that nightmare of them filming these people who were never
meant to be photographed let alone on television doing a morning radio show
We've got Matt from Peagram, Tennessee. Thank you so much. Gordon from Austin.
Yes. Thank you, Gordon. I'm so sorry. It's Austining, but it doesn't look like
Austining. I know what Austining is. What a shame. Sean from Sycamore, Illinois,
a best-show podcast subscriber. 1-800-9899-368. Get those phones ringing.
I knew what to do. Tom Carvel lives from a story in New York Art. Thank you so much.
We got one half hour to go here people. 800-989-9368. This is the portion we refer to as the
big push. This is the portion where if you are somebody who's yet to pledge during the
five and a half hours of the WFMU Best Show on WFMU Marathon, this is it people. This is
do or die time. This is the time where you stand up and you say, I'm a part of the show.
I listen 50 weeks a year to all the fun, all the good times.
I'm willing to pony up.
Even if you only got $10.
If you feel like I got $10, we'll take it.
800-989-9368, WFMU.org.
That $75 pledge gets you so much.
You get the poster, which is beautiful.
This poster pops off the page.
There's been John, John Kermuda's been working
on this thing for a week,
making sure this thing looks right.
This guy's working hard at it.
We got, you get a t-shirt,
get ready to meet my little friend.
gonna be walking around with this shirt it's gonna be a it's gonna be like a
code lingo you know best show I know best show we got the same stupid shirt 800
989 9368 you get a sticker designed by Christopher Moses thank you for that
and you get the Pat Naswalt CD Frankenstein's and gumdrops available only
during this show and half hour that CD is out of print unavailable to you for
the rest of your life, we're pulping them, pulping them and shredding them.
Yes, exactly, 800, 989, 9360, WFMU.org. We put our best foot forward here. We got Ted
Leo came down. He learned all his songs this thing. Got Ben Gibber came. He fit this into
a schedule. You got Pat and he killed himself to get here. This guy, it was in a panic to
get here, but he did it. Why? Because he believes in free form radio. These guys all
believe in it. They know that this is the kind of place where you can't, this place
shouldn't exist by all rights. WFMU. It's a place free of corporate influence, free of
government influence. It's completely listener sponsored. It was completely free form. We
are allowed to do what we want to do when we want to do it 24 hours a day. I don't run
my show by anybody. I just come here every week and I do it. We do the calls that we
do every week. They do not get run by anybody. There are no notes, no nothing. 800-989-9368
and the only way that a place like that can exist is if you show your support for it because
Because it shouldn't exist.
In the real world, places like this have been bought up already and run out and all
the flavors have been squeezed out of it and it shouldn't exist and it would just be another
NPR station.
And this is one of a kind and you show your support, 800-989-9368-WFMU.org.
Do we have anybody else to thank?
Yes, Tom.
I just want to let Nick from...
What was that?
Where'd that come from?
Nick from Jersey City know that he is walking away with the Ted Laura's various artist collection
on Seder. Thanks, congratulations. The next prize up on the block that Tom, what would
you like to give away for a pledge of ten dollars or more at 1-800-989-936?
I'd like to give away the ending of the wire, which I actually have on my screen right
here. If you don't pledge, I'm giving it away.
Somebody just called and said that they saw the finale and I have it right here. I'll
Give it away if people don't pledge
We've got Tim from Sparks, Nevada to thank I want more Bryce
We've got Jonathan from New York City ready for some anticipation from Holly Simon. Let's hear it. Matt from Marara
Colorado
Riberate from AST I asked for a double scoop and the best show gives me a quadruple that's right
We do Jeremy from Elmira, New York very very cheap land up there. Just supporting the best show as time requested
we're gonna give away the kelly stolt cd circular sounds put out by the
fine people it's uh... pop records it's a great record nine hundred nine eight
nine ninety six eight get the running for that okay
christopher from uh... kansas city missouri love the show very generous j w
and melissa from a walkie concert thank you guys are you know what you love
sharpling uh... buyer and jennifer bancouver i believe they helped with the
artwork for the cover of frankenstein's and gumdrops the little friends of
Printmaking. Oh, yes, that's true. They did. And thank you for that question. We've got Stephen from Croton on Hudson checking in. Thanks, Tommy Paul from Belleville, New Jersey. Good guys win in Oh eight. Thank you. Thank you. We've got Arnold from Oakland, California checking in very generous once again as everybody has been. Thanks so much, guys. Keep calling 1-800-989-3688-1-800-989-WFMU or pledge online at wfmu.org.
I have a feeling we're we're this shows about to make history tonight WFM you history
I have a feeling we're working toward that. I have a feeling we're about to do it again
We're about to do it again here eight hundred nine eight nine three six eight
I hear these people talking all week about goals being the champs of the station as a new champ
It's gonna be a new champ eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight WFM you dot?
Org we got any more people to thank got we got we got John from Chicago
I go pledging your share all part of the game. John has dropped a mouse on the best. Thank you, John. All right, John
Stay and I'll stay creepy John and a ten-year-old boy are walking into the woods and the ten-year-old boy says
He says hey, I'm scared and John goes. You're scared. I gotta walk out of here alone
Creepy nice and there it is. Yes as soon as I heard you say get him in a ten-year-old
I knew that I was like oh no. Well someone threw down the creepy gauntlet. Yes. They did. What was I gonna do? You seized it. Yes
80989 9368 we are building towards the finale do we have an exciting finale in store?
I think so. I think so. Is it one song? Yeah, one song, right? Oh
To save the world man. Yes one chance one man one moment one song one pledge
eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight we have drew to thank from
Montclair New Jersey you know these I don't hear any phones right now folks
you got to get on it one hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight one
eight hundred nine eight nine WFM you get in the running for the Kelly Salt
CD it's cool you'll be cool okay yes I'm like yeah yeah so Drew for Montclair
thank you so much we've got Michael from Morristown please get paid petra
Hayden on the show. Well, that would be great. Michael for Morristown. It's gonna
happen. Tom has poll I understand. Oh 7960. Absolutely. We've got we've got Jake
from Hoboken dropping a mouth. All right. Thank you. Jake. Jake. Okay. Hey,
according to Jake, what is long brown and sticky? Oh no. What? A stick. Okay.
Love that Jake says see you at the laser allen show
Thomas from Orlando very generously checking in at wfmu.org. It's so easy
Do this Steve Morris. I'm sorry
I'm getting crazy now Philadelphia. Thank you so much. Oh, so generous this man
Viking casual furniture barngirl says hello to the best show. Thank you. I'm crazy. I'm getting mental
Jacob from Lawrence, Kansas, checking in on WFMU.org.
Make the phones ring people.
Come on, 800-989-9368, 800-989-WFMU, Eugene from Brooklyn.
He says it right here, you deserve lots of pledges, Tom.
I mean, it's so true.
And we've been getting them, but let's get everyone,
I want to squeeze every cent out of everyone listening.
This, we are not gonna hit 11 o'clock
before I have shook all of you upside down by your legs
and the coins have fallen out.
899-9368 or WFMU.org is like,
you know what I'm doing?
It's like high school.
We're going back to high school.
I'm the bully.
I'm taking your lunch money.
899-9368, WFMU.org.
Give me your lunch money, nerd.
899-9368, WFMU.org.
Want a swirly nerd?
Then you give me your lunch money.
Eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight. Hey, speaking of nerds Gary Gygax died today
Inventor have done to the dragon so in his name in the name of the king. Yes. I want some 20-sided pledges
Yes, I'm 20-sided. Yeah, it's uh, he went to that great
module in the sky
Everyone has magic plate mail and rings are flying
Pledging honor nerd and nerd what do you like Devo nerd eight hundred nine eight nine two six eight you pledge
What do you like Devo?
I remember getting an argument in school
I as some kid was arguing about this cuz I like the band that were the the drum set wasn't as big as the guy in triumph's drum set
But now on that guy eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight
I'm on the other side of a nerd line right now WFM you dot org. I know you got a computer at home nerd
WFMU.org cyber pledge me eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight
Let's thank some more people. Yeah, we got we got to keep those cards coming over here Chris from Brooklyn, New York
Needs to be thanked. Thank you so much. Yes. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. Um, we've got
We've got a little
Kink in the chain here. Okay. We've got Michael from Chicago. Keep bringing the Abba box
Josh from Pleasantville, New York, damn the man. David from Toledo, Ohio,
checking in. Jen from Duxbury, Massachusetts, checking in. Thank you, Jen.
We've got Riley from Brooklyn, New York. We've got Jess. Oh my god. What? What?
It's the sea. Okay, Jess from Lancaster, Pennsylvania.
I'm thinking that it's a really famous I think it's a really famous person who I
love okay really could be this yeah like the inventor the other inventor of
the Internet this guy we say you are you that big Bernard you know who this is
I have no idea but thank you so much for pledge thank you I know okay wow he's
gonna get he's gonna get that we did it again fun pack okay we've got whoa we've
We've got Douglas to thank from Droppin' a Mouse, Douglas from Brooklyn, thank you.
How does Douglas make a cat go wolf?
How?
Dung some in kerosene and throws them on the fire.
Douglas is pledging to be Doug McQueen with a skull face.
Oh, okay.
You got it, my friend.
Somebody go wake the flammer up, but he can do that.
People are swinging him around like a jump rope.
Slim he's just got a pop belly and then it just sticks for arms and legs weird eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight
We've got
All right, do we want to give that Ted Lord CD away? We are already good. Yes
Things go pretty quickly here on the best show can we give away the mix miss Alex White CD we can absolutely give away the
miss Alex White CD
We'll give that away in a second. We'll give that away in a second.
Vinny from Brooklyn. Thank you. Long live the podcast.
Yes. Thank you, Vinny.
Lee from Oklahoma City. Dropping a mouse.
Oh, thank you. Lee from Oklahoma.
What's the last thing Lee says before he dies?
What? Hey guys, watch this.
Gerald from Montreal, Canada.
Gerald, thank you. Good job, Tom.
Thank you. Uh, that's for me also, uh, John from, uh, Barryville, New York. Go vegan or die. Mm-hmm
Mackenzie again checking in from walnut port of Pennsylvania. Sorry about the creepy comment. Patton, you're a god to me
Here's more money to make up. Oh, yay. FM you you're on the air
Hello, how about that? No, you're not on the air. Well, let's keep going. Yeah, okay
We've got Andrew from Brooklyn, New York to thank thank you so much. He checked in at wfmu.org
We need those phones ringing folks. It's awfully quiet eight hundred nine eight nine three six eight
One eight hundred nine eight nine WFM you it's only eighteen minutes
We let's get a total going and we'll shoot toward a goal
Get a total goal. We'll shoot toward a goal. We've got Steve to thank from Brooklyn, New York
Steve from Burham Hill Cobble Hill Bushwick. Thank you Steve. All right. We've got
Jane from Toronto, Canada
Tom is best she says he takes a call and then he takes another call. Oh yes thank
you Jane. Ted from Melrose, Massachusetts, additional pledge for the big piece of
the porcupine pie there will be a gompin in 08. That was heavy duty again that
was that was something it was eerie yes it really it that will be uh something
i i will never forget seriously hey tom did i mention that uh gordon from uh
asening uh is uh is a winner of the uh miss alice white i think you just did i
think i just did let me just say that i just did okay
and um we're still waiting for those phones during 1 800 9 8 9 9 3 6 8 we
wanted to thank people like john
who uh... is called in from brooklyn new york uh... it's uh... it's like
listening to the gods of funny
all
thank you john
he's talking about tom
he's up he's
tom is his own pantheon of funny
we've had the odds over there
thank you
we've got uh...
we've got uh... allen from brooklyn new york uh... checking it out w f m u
dot org michael from
Brooklyn very generously checking in thank you eight hundred nine eight nine three six eight one eight hundred nine nine
Nine three six eight this this show is the clock is ticking. Yes. There's only 16 minutes now
Can we get a can we build toward a total and then we can shoot toward a goal?
I love it. Look at the phone room. It's a buzz now people are doing the right thing
But if you haven't done the right thing look at Mike. He's all alone right there Mike. He's sitting there
Here we go. Somebody wants to talk to Mike.
I feel sorry for that person. Mike's weird.
Mike is so scary.
I don't want him to be the call's grainer anymore.
Seriously.
I keep telling him every week not to show up.
He just keeps showing up.
He has his knife on his belt.
It scares me.
He sharpens it like on a leather strap.
eight hundred nine eight nine three six eight WFMU.org. Let's keep the phone
ringing. I just wanted to mention that we did give away the Kelly Stoltz back
back then to Paul from Belleville. Well done Paul. Thank you so much and what else
we got going we got people lined up on the phones at one eight hundred nine eight
nine nine three six eight. Let's give it back to the best show. Let's put this
Ted Leo poster signed in or by Ted Leo. That's the next prize up on the table.
That's sexy. I gotta say, that's a really cool screen poster and it's a very impressive and it's signed by Ted
Is it big? Yes. Oh, yeah, it's nice. I love it. I
Wanted it, but I can't get it
Somebody else gets it 800 989 9368. Well, you what's that?
We have five going
All right, great. How about that? We have five phones going. Let's get phone six going 800 989 9368
WFMU.org. We've got Neil sitting here. He's bored.
Gabriel from Seattle, Washington, checking in on WFMU.org. It took him a
second to pledge to the best show. Toby from Whitman, Massachusetts, very
generously pledging. Chugging a schmear-and-off ice right now. Thanks for
everything, Fellows. Thanks, buddy. All right, that's sweet. We've got, oh, our own
gentleman in the the the starroom or Ben Gibbard checking in and oh my oh
what a incredibly generous 50th anniversary pleasure if Ben Gibbard
were blind how would you spot him at a nudist colony you want to yell out how
Ben no, and let me do a different one for you cuz that one's lame. Hey, hey Ben knock knock
Objective case
No, you are literate idiot. It's objective case whom
That's fantastic
Thank you, Ben. That's very sweet
Keeps Benson loves best show there will be gobs. Yes. Yes, but not true true true
All right, one eight hundred nine eight nine three six eight. We've we've still got phones way open. Yes
Many phones that are that are 14 minutes left. We're gonna get a total and we're gonna shoot toward a goal
800 989 9368. Is this the point where I have to make the final exciting push? Is this the point? Wait?
Fm you you're on the air
Hey Tommy. Hello
Tom
I don't know who that was.
That was eerie.
Yes, that scared me.
We have a total.
What is that total?
That's someone with a shovel.
Sue, will you read the total answer?
Sue will read it out.
Hand it to Sue, please.
Young man.
And that's okay.
I'm often quite capable.
You want me to read this number?
Yes.
Wow.
Oh my God.
I don't know if I can.
$46,120 for the best show we've taken.
We are so close.
close we're so close to $50,000 we can do it we can do $50,000 I did 40 last
week I'll do 50 this week while the phone just exploded eight hundred nine
eight nine nine three six eight this is the push people this is the push we've
got we've got Evan to thank him Montclair New Jersey former super color
Evan we've got a mouse dropped upon you from Mike in Monclair
How do you spot Mike if he was blind in a new discolony? How it's not hard. Let's keep going come on Mike
Mike has a joke for you. What does a blind deaf and dumb boy get for Christmas cancer. Thank you
all right oh he's on it it's like stop the joke man it's like stop the joke oh boy
we've got Lauren from Brooklyn New York thank you so much Lauren come on let's
go one eight hundred ninety nine three six eight fifty grand people tonight
fifty grand eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight we've got Frank
go ahead thanks Frank we've got Frank in Hoboken New Jersey he he oh seven oh
three. Oh, yes. And he went online at WFMU dot org and push
that pledge through 1 889 WFMU Frank from Hoboken. Thank you so
much. Best show podcast. Jeffrey from Long Island City. I
support the best show and all WFMU. I support the podcast. Lots
of support for best show and thank you, Jeffrey. Thank you so
much. 1 809 899 368. Thank you. We've got that Ted Leo, super
fanboy poster uh... up i mean who who wouldn't want this in there in their
bed booed war i would
i would
i would as well
he's dreamy let's face it really is
he's he's uh...
he's got he's like a five-tool player
i can do everything
five-tool player right
you're making it sound like i'm on the poster
well now but you are the poster
it's a poster of you that celebrates you
But you are, your five will be weird.
Five tool player, sing, play guitar,
super handsome, thanks.
What's that?
He can play drums also.
What's the fifth tool?
He's hilarious.
And not just funny for a musician, funny.
You guys straight up funny.
This is not a Dave Grohl.
Thanks, right?
Where it's like, oh, that's kind of funny
because you're, thank you.
Thanks.
Okay, we got it.
We've got John from Seattle to thank Hooray for the Best Show podcast.
Thanks, John.
We've got Stan from South Amboy.
Yeah, Broadway.
All right, Bordentown Avenue.
Chuck and Cheese, it's gone.
What happened?
They took it away.
They took that, they took that, that ought-ba way as well.
So we can't have nice things down here.
Yeah.
Always wreck them.
Yeah, Colseum's closed.
There you go.
They're close to Colseum.
They made it a straight club.
The drink bully, check it in.
The drink bully is coming for you from Canada.
We are shooting for $50,000 people.
We have 10 minutes to do it, and we can do it.
We're so close now.
If you call 800-989-9368 or WFMU.org,
if you call 800-989-9368 or WFMU.org,
then we get the show finale, and we are all champions.
We are all heroes.
We all did it.
Everyone did the right thing.
Everyone called and pledged WFMU.org,
eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight they step forward you did the
right thing you knew that this was the time to support freeform radio you know
that the station by all rights should not exist you took a stand against the
corporate influence on everything that's good and it takes away everything is
good and makes it mediocre this place is not mediocre this place stands alone in
the sea of mediocrity and you got a show support for that eight hundred nine eight
nine nine three six eight or w f m u dot orgie let's thank some people we're
building toward the finale
okay tom
uh... it's going a little nutty in the phone and because um... uh... lee has
uh... earned himself the ted leo
poster
uh... thank you so much lee in oklahoma city thank you lee
all right
we have more people to thank including uh... charles from farming down new york
thank you so much
we've got some from uh... east haniver uh... that's new jersey sam thank you
so much we've got uh...
Kent from Toronto, Canada. Thank you so much. Very generous. Good Canadian Kent. Yes, it is. Nick from Franklin, Wisconsin
Second donation tonight. Let's do it, son. Yes, let's do it. Let's see. We've got Natalie from
Catasqua, Pennsylvania as well, checking in. Thanks, Natalie. So very much
We've got Travis. Let's see from
Brooklyn, New York. Thank you so much. We've got Michael from Livingston, New Jersey, West
Texas, S-X-Y-MCA lives. Thank you. Michael says I gave last week I'm giving again. Tom wins.
Yes, we're going to win. Absolutely. We're going to win.
Let's talk about just at 1-800-9368. Let's throw a prize up there for people to call
in for. Yes. Come on. What do we have left?
Final solution CD. Do we give that away? Final solution CD. We can absolutely give it away. Let's do that. Okay
Okay, eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight WF MU dot O RG people
We are so close to making history right now on the show. We're so close to breaking records
We're so close to rubbing this in the face of everybody else
eight hundred nine eight nine three six eight of WF MU dot O RG. Oh
Oh, please. I want to walk around this place like a champ.
800-989-9368. Untouchable.
Please, please, please let Tom get what he wants this time.
Thank you.
For once in my life.
Yeah.
800-989-9368.
It'll be the first time.
Yes.
Okay, Tom, I just wanted to throw in there.
We actually, let's give away the replacements because we actually had,
so we're going to give that to Colin from Toronto.
Well done, Colin.
Well done, absolutely.
better. Canadian name. Absolutely. Okay. We have to thank Anka from Cranford, New Jersey.
Thank you, Anka. Steve from Brooklyn, New York, a.k.a. Steely Dam, sold my white belt collection
for my third pledge, final push. Slobs win. Slobs are going to win. Slobs versus snobs
is what comes down to. I look at this room, you know what I see? Slob after slob after
slob. There's not one snob in that entire room. And you know what? Slobs have been shown
showing the the the you know what side of the stick their whole lives so one
chance of slobs get to stand up against the snobs so one chance slobs versus
snobs eight hundred nine eight nine three six eight you're a slob you know
you're a slob look in the mirror it says slob right back at you eight hundred nine
eight nine nine three six eight but this is a time when it's good to be a
slob eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight WFMU.org we can do
this. We are so close. We can do this. We just need the
phones. We've got five minutes ago. We're close to getting to
that $50,000 mark. We can do this if people keep calling
800-989-9368. And then we will do the final exciting
finale.
We've got Keith to thank from Hamburg, New York couldn't
resist a second pledge. It goes for the first 100 printings
of on the air with Tom Sharplin. Yes, my book. Augustine of
st louis missouri uh... thank you so much we've got uh... brian from uh...
bob bob brooklyn new york adding on to an earlier pledge thank you so much
thank you all
from chicago dan from chicago checking in thanks dan
uh... we've got x amount from area of georgia checking in as well over at wf
m u
thanks buddy
o r g thank you
he's probably is awfully quiet in here is quiet it's the last it's a law before
before the finale and I don't like it. I don't like it one bit. We can do this
people. We got one more push in us. One more push. If you want that best show, we
did it again fun pack. You want it? You've only got five more minutes to get it.
It's gone. $75 pledge or more automatically gets it for you, but there's
only one way to get it. It's to call 800-989-9368 or pledge online at wfmu.org.
You get the best show poster. Completely amazing. You get the t-shirt to get
ready to meet my little friend t-shirt the sticker and the pattern as well CD
frankenstein's a gumdrops which is of unavailable anywhere else the only way
you can get it is by pledging during the show eight hundred nine eight nine nine
three six eight that CD officially goes out of print in five minutes five
minutes it's gone eight hundred nine eight nine three six eight eight hundred
seconds it's gone let's do it people come on one more push on the phone one
more push one more push eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight one
more push, come on, please, 800-989-9368-WFMU.org. One push, we're going to come up short. We're
going to come up short. I can't believe it. We're not going to hit 50 grand. 800-989-9368-WFMU.org.
This is the time people take your stand. Best show for life. You believe in it? This is
the time. You listen to the show all year long. You listen to podcasts. You listen to bits
we do on the radio. This is the time you got to say, I like that stuff. I appreciate it
being there for me every week three hours there for you every week doesn't
come free though I don't get paid no one here gets paid we do it for free but
the station has operating costs that need to be met and there's only one way
to meet them it's by pledging eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six
eight to wait a guarantee another year of uninterrupted free form radio another
year best shown WFMU eight hundred nine nine nine three six eight or online at
WFMU.org can we throw in there another prize Tom we got how about that
But you want to go for the, from heaven city?
That's part of the pack.
Oh, it's part of the pack.
Okay.
We're giving away so much stuff, Tom.
I know.
I know.
We've given so many things away.
Final push.
Mike's sitting there all alone, 800, 989, 9368, talk to Mike.
We've got Neil and Jen to thank from Los Angeles, California.
Let's do it.
Thank you, Neil.
Oh, I know those guys.
Those guys are great.
Thanks, guys.
Yes, thank you.
Hi Patton, hi Tom, hi Ted, Tom V. Everybody, everybody loses.
Both of them are very cute and funny.
Thanks guys.
Well it's cute and funny, yes.
We've got Mike from Portland, Oregon.
Thank you.
Thank you.
We've got,
Oenamu, Namas, sorry, from New York.
Thank you.
Thank you.
We've got Hugh from New York.
Hi Tom, thanks for busting my chops.
Signed, Hugh.
Thanks buddy.
All right, 1-800-98-99368.
we're getting close to an unbelievable total here for the best yes yes we're
getting closer we get close to fifty grand
we're getting close we're getting close but we're not there yet the only way to
do it is eight hundred nine eight nine three six eight
everyone in that room fill out a card for yourselves
i'm not done with all of you
we've got kevin to thank for portland or again
thank you check it check in at w f m u dot or get online now it takes two
seconds each day from uh... not lee uh... adding to the pile
Emily from Hayworth, New Jersey.
Thanks, Emily.
Thank you so much.
Let's get going, people.
1-800-989-9368.
We're possibly breaking a huge record here on the second week.
This is the last week of the marathon, Tom.
This is it.
This is it.
This is the last time you can pledge to the show.
There's go time.
There's go time, people.
You're back in high school.
High school coach.
Let's go time.
Take a lap.
This is it.
your ankle hurts too bad
eight hundred nine eight nine three six eight w f m u dot o r g
final push here
then we get to the exciting finale
and we say thank you we give away all the prizes
but there's only one way for us to hit this fifty thousand dollar markets for
you to call eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight or w f m u
dot o r g
we got to start to wrap it up
because uh... small changes uh... in the wings getting ready
small changes in the rings nickel and i'm radio
We've got Jodie to thank from Wakefield, Rhode Island.
Very, very generous.
Thanks, Tom.
Thank you, Jodie.
Thank you so much.
You are sweet.
Mark from Seattle, Washington.
Third part of a mouse pledge, so we're building it up.
Thank you so much.
We've got Emily from Los Angeles, California.
Thanks, Emily.
We've got a regular listener, Dave.
Thank you so much from South Orange pledging for you, Tom.
That's Dave from a call screener.
Thanks, buddy.
fantastic one eight hundred nine eight nine three six eight one eight hundred
nine eight nine WFM you were pushing toward a fifty thousand dollar goal here
for Tom and the best show on WFM you show your love yes show your love show
your love I think we got to get to the finale yes are we there yet we should
we one more minute on the phones and then we got to wrap it up should we
keep going for a couple yeah absolutely is it okay with small change make sure
it's okay for small change
yeah we can't lose time we're in his time right now
we've got uh... adam from brooklyn new york the best kind of freedom
thank you and thank you so much
all right one eight hundred nine eight nine three six eight one eight hundred
nine eight nine w f m u we're giving you a little bit of time here folks but
we need to hear the phones ringing
thanks come on we got phone three just sitting around let's do it come on eight
hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight or w f m u dot org
We are close to breaking a WFMU record.
We're so close.
Let's do it, 800-989-9368, WFMU.org.
We got three phones lit.
Let's get two more going.
You get to talk to Martin out there and Jason.
800-989-9368, 800-989-9368 or WFMU.org.
Oh, we're not gonna make it.
You know what?
The small change has given us some more time
and all the time we need whatever you need,
Tommy, Debby D from Brooklyn checking in at WFMU.org.
Come on people we need to make the $50,000 amount we are close
But we need those pledges to be hired not these little pledges
We love the little pledges no doubt, but we need that we need the big big push. We're at $48,135
Come on. It's gonna take a few minutes if you folks are generous
We're counting on you to help free form radio to help WFM you to help the best show on WFM you with your buddy Tom Sharple
go eight hundred nine nine three six eight w f m u dot org we're so close to
w f m u history right now eight hundred nine nine nine three six eight the
final push right now we're doing this we're doing this we're not not going to
do this we are going to do this eight hundred nine nine nine three six eight
it's actually made sense let's get a chant go okay just want to remind people
you're tuned to w f m u e star and w x h d mount hope and w f m u dot org
Roy from New York supporting the best show. I don't like it. I love it
We got a chant in the phone. Remember he pledge what pledge nine eight nine three six eight eight hundred nine eight nine
Nine three six eight WFM you dot org. Okay. We've got Matthew to thank from East Orange the old stomping grounds
The WFM you thank you so much. Thank you. I'm hard to thank from Denver, Colorado two more phones eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight
get them ringing. We've got Bob from Berlin Game California checking in on
WFMU dot org. It is a temple show. This is a temple show you know. And you know
what happens if you have a tent without a temple. What happens? Ten kids stand
without a temple. Right? This is a temple show. This is a temple show. Eight hundred
nine eight nine nine three six eight ten pole show ten pole show ten pole show ten
pole show ten pole show ten pole show eight hundred nine eight nine nine nine three six
eight keep the chant going eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight we're so close
to fifty thousand dollars we've got andrew to thank from uh chino california thank you
so much we've got uh lee from oklahoma city check it in and uh we've got mark with the
see for Portland Oregon checking in on WFMU.org. Thank you, Mark. We're going to do it.
Tim, from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania saying, Tom, I want no one else to succeed. I hate
most people. I disagree more. Hey, that's just like me. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. That movie
was based on me. One eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight WFMU.org. Let's
do it. Eight hundred nine eight nine three six eight WFMU.org. We got six phones going.
Let's get two more going.
Guess what, guys?
You get to talk to a girl, if you call on the next phone, 800-989-9368, a girl, G-I-R-L,
a girl, and she can't hang up on you.
She actually has to conduct a one-minute conversation with you, 800-989-9368, W-F-M-U-D-R-G.
She can, legally, she has to take this phone call, 800-989-9368.
Any sort of warnings that you have to give people when you speak to them about anything
you're registered as exempt for this call eight hundred nine eight nine nine three
six eight WFMU dot ORG come on fifty thousand dollars we're gonna do it we're
gonna do it do we have a total how are we doing do we have a total yes total
total doing a total we're gonna total we're gonna total time we're working on
total eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six we want to think a few more
people before we got that total Henry from Atlanta Georgia and and also let's
to make a point right now
let's have a huge round of applause for henry
henry has been instrumental
it with patent in making this cd uh... a reality
this it would not happen without henry
stepping up and doing the right thing and that we appreciated so much
henry absolutely not happen without henry thank you thank you thank you
and
thank you
uh... henry however wants something from you tom what's that uh... henry will
double his pledge if Tom gets naked no that's not gonna happen the marathon is
important I can't imagine I cannot imagine that thank you so much Henry we
have $1,000 to go okay all right listen we gotta be able to think we've got a DJ
Monica calling and thank you so much once be part of the FEWF MU history yes
she knows what's going on thank you so much we've got Bryce from Denton support
the podcast right second in with an extremely generous pledge. Thank you so much. Michael
from Portland, Oregon. Thanks again, Jim from Suffer, New York. Thank you so much. Peter
from Monro, New York, calling back to add $50 previous budget. Thank you. That's a little
can't do in that nine year old. He's nine. And he's doing that nine. You're an adult sitting
in the homeless nine-year-old showing you up
how dare you to have a bat on you eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six
eight w f m u dot org
do we have a total
we've
we've got uh... that can i read these last year i think these people all right
we've got different
they come out of kirk in new mexico still haven't got no work uh... the key
starts the episode from november in the general string of fabulous forty five
cents in your five five programs will change but uh... nice whatever
uh... from uh... from uh... from new york
uh... nicola from corporate grocery True Texas and did i mention
A
$50,000, that's it, that's it,
that's it, that's it, that's it!
We are over 50, that's it, that's it!
Let's get ready for the finale.
Let's do the final song.
Let's do the final song.
Everybody can come in.
Let's gather.
Together.
Four more years.
Four more years.
And now with this leverage I am excited to announce.
I will be beginning my show on XM next Wednesday.
It's called the Hour of Power.
power of power it's going to be playing a lot of AAA stuff and a little fun chitchat
with everyone's favorite Republican luminaries.
Alright.
You going to sing this?
Yeah.
Am I doing the one part?
You do the whole thing if you want.
No, I'm not doing the whole thing.
Everybody's going to do a part.
Okay.
Right?
Everybody.
Yes?
Let's sing along.
We sing together.
Yeah.
Walk together.
Rock together.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Walk together.
Rock together.
Yeah.
If we can do one.
This is it.
Yeah.
Are you going to sing on this, Patton?
What are we singing?
Oh, you'll find it.
Oh, listen.
No.
Find a place to jump in.
Yes.
Are you ready?
Yes.
Chance, take a chance.
Take a chance.
Take a chance.
Come on, honey.
I miss it, I'm sorry.
Cause you know I've got so much that I want to do
What a dream I will always do with magic
You want me to leave me there
Afraid of a lopof
Check it out!
Give me a break, huh, honey?
Take a chance on me
Oh, you can take a time, babe
I'm in no hurry
No, I'm gonna get you
You don't wanna hurt me
Baby, don't you worry
I'm gonna let you
Let me tell you now
My life is strong enough
To last when things are rough, it's magic
You say that I waste my time, but I can't get you off of mine, no I can't let go
Cause I love you so
If you change your mind
I'm so streamlined
If you change your mind
If you change your mind
You're all mine, I can't take a chance with a pretty bunch
Lookin' for me, I'm still free
Take a chance on me
Take a chance on me
Take a chance
Take a chance
Bring out silver degree with your champs on me
pickupIn
sing a chance, sing a chance, singing a chance, Live hear from Music
Speak a chance, sing a chance, talk a chance yes
Can you hand me a lift from my bin there?
I have to thank some people.
I have to thank you.
Thank you.
I want to thank, obviously, I want to thank Patton Oswalt for coming in.
I want to thank Ted Leo.
I want to thank Ben Giver for coming down.
I want to thank Mike, Associate Producer Mike for everything he's done.
I want to thank Brian Turner for helping.
We had Evan filming everything.
Thank you so much.
I want to thank Jason for all the work he's done,
J.C. Slack, and thank Terry T for everything she did.
I want to thank Marcia Neumar for all the help
on the website.
Thank you so much.
Everybody at Pitchfork for putting it on the web today.
Thank you so much.
Dad, we clap for Pitchfork.
Yes!
You're worried about 7.5s.
We clap.
We get a 7.8 now.
John Coromodo helping with all the tech stuff Chris Moses I want to thank
Brian for doing the poster everybody who donated merchandise for for the marathon
I want to thank you Sue Braun for helping in the phone room
thank this hour three hours I do have names to thank in there we have a phone
room thing Wow I don't know if you know what I'm just gonna say thank you
everyone in the phone room and everyone who fledged thank you so much this is
unbelievable it is unbelievable Tom we have a grand prize winner yes okay that
would be Kent from Toronto well done Kent a fantastic grand prize Wow
everybody 800 9 8 9 3 6 8 is the number W F MU dot ORG pledge through for small
change nickel and dime radio. Let's hear from Small Change for being very generous and giving us 15
minutes. I appreciate it so much. Thank you Small Change. You're off. Thank you seriously.
Oh, 800-989-9368. Small Change is coming in to do his thing. And oh, Glenn of course. Thank you
so much for all the engineering. I can't believe it. Glenn, thank you so much. I'm sorry. Now thank
Thank you, last but not least, thank you Glenn.
Turn table two, turn table one or two.
Thanks everybody, FMU, stay tuned for small change.