S radio show ever.
Hey, who's this?
Well, I'm in British Wales, Governor of Alabama.
Hey, it's, uh, Gerald Carminer.
Tom Sharpling, Governor of Party.
Hey, Tom, it's Purple Tour.
Hey, Tom, it's Mark Michaels.
This is Richard Card, Richard Card.
What's your name?
Baron.
Baron.
And what's inside the two?
Why? Maurice Kurt? Horrifying.
Hey, Thomas Bruce.
Tommy!
Who's this?
Genji Vitis.
Genji Vitis.
Yes, they have Rick Bologna at the wall. I go to wood.
I hate you.
It's Peter.
Hey, it's Steinberg.
Mm-hmm.
You are creepy and I'm hanging upon you.
Boing.
Roger Depp.
My name is Ollie Fairnock.
I'll say it. You'll hear it.
You'll do it.
I'll get it. You'll learn it.
I'll live with it and you'll die without it.
Smash your trash.
There's a call to you, folks.
Good day.
What's up, Tom? It's Tristan.
Hey, it's Michelle.
Yeah, Tom. This is Jim Riffle. How you doing?
When I get to do the toilet talk now.
It's the vaudeville of the new century.
My name is Tom Riley.
I'm calling from New Zealand.
Hey, man, it's Brian.
Ted, don't stand with that. It's a tent pole. It's a tent pole show.
Hey, this is Tedlia.
Whaaat?
This is Pete from the Future.
Hi, Tom. It's DJ Terry Chase.
Hey, from Knoxville.
Supercaller.
It's off the top.
My name is Mike Zajak.
Get off my phone. I don't care.
I'm going to go with your bed now, five, four, three, four, three, four, how are you?
I was in a band in the early 90s, money at Jerry Page.
I'm pointing at this, uh, Jeffrey Ludell.
It's a fat, diseased, wilder, right in the night, isn't it?
The disenfranchised have a home now.
I'm the hero of the disenfranchised.
This is a man, ain't a cop, yeah
But shut your mouth, cause it's time to talk, yeah
Because it's a professional, a darling, man
You're the best show, a darling, man
You're the best show, tell me you're the best show
I want you gotta do it, I don't know your way, you'll die
Don't shop, give it a purpose, smile
I'm holding some water in your passion
Don't let me down, you're the best show
Don't let me down, you're the best show
I've done what you do Hamochere to make, and please check loved.
I've done what you do Hamochere to make, so
I've done what you do Hamochere to make, and please check.
strip
w
say you don't love you
I sound the man
uh
why do you need him
Oh no non Haitian
I know, I'm getting closer
I'm getting closer to your heart
Keeping a head of the rain on road
Watching my windscreen wipers
Lady, your baby is danceable
Yeah, it'll be where I'll snipe the wood
When will you see me?
My sourdough
I don't try to tell me
Oh, don't answer
Oh, don't
I'm getting closer
I'm getting from sight to your heart
It's riches on the bank of joy
With my fingers together
Radio play a song with a voice
Said I'd be where I'm with a finger
Whoa
I'm getting closer, myself and I am good
When will we be there?
Oh no, don't answer, oh
I'm getting closer
I'm getting closer to your heart
I'm getting closer to your heart
Don't talk your heart
Don't talk your heart
So
We're going to have some fun.
We're going to have fun.
We're going to have fun.
When I was young, lying in the grass, I felt so safe, no warming back, of sunlight, of sunlight, fast-open sky, could do no harm.
Like an embrace
For mothers arms
In sunlight
In sunlight
With every ear
That came to pass
More clouds appear
Till the sky went black, and there was no sunlight, no sunlight
And there was no sunlight, no sunlight anymore
It disappeared at the same speed, the idealistic things I threw
The octopus died inside of me
No sunlight, no sunlight
No sunlight, no sunlight
Disappeared at the same speed
The idealistic things I believe
The octopus died inside of me
No sunlight, no sunlight
No sunlight, no sunlight
Anymore
If you've got your eyes
You must see no some eyes
Can I remember the skies?
Go through
If you want me to wait
If you think I might
Turn on one of the kind
I love you
So now I know it's all about
This is you in my way
Now I'll be watching your friends
I've got nothing to hide
And the puppies fly
Cause it goes inside
On you
If you open your mind
And you seek out a fire
And I wanna be kind
Better for you
So now I know that you're out
Since you've been falling down
Now I've been marching to rest
Just like you
So now I'm gonna come out
Since you've been falling down
Now I've been marching to rest
Just like you
Oh, I saw have a rain last night
Yum to me girl, baby turn on your love line
She said, you sure packed up a bowl
Come on and get it out of your eyes
Stop your drinkin', smokin' boys
And tellin' all of them lies
Feelin' me hear you say, yeah, yeah, yeah
Feelin' me hear you say, yeah, yeah
Oh, I will play last night
Yeah let me hear you say yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah let me hear you say yeah, yeah
I saw what I was playing last night
Come to me, girl, return on your little life
She said it sure I put forth
Come on and get it out of your eye
Stop your drinking, smoking bullets
And telling all of them lies
Well, let me hear you say yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Well, let me hear you say yeah
Yeah
Oh, oh, wait, last night
Talk to me, girl
Give it a turn on your low life
Give it a turn on your low life
Give it a shine out on me
Give it a shine out on me
Can't make it out.
So I call!
Made last night.
Come to me, babe.
Give a turn on my lens light.
Give a turn on my lens light.
What can I do for you, John?
Uh, so a few weeks ago, I thought you may be interested to know, you said, uh, quote,
I'm not interested what Pudley from the Adams family is doing these days.
Ken Weatherwax.
Right.
Yes.
Um, what are you doing?
Maybe not, you know, what Pudley's doing nowadays, but I can tell you where Pudley
came from.
Because I grew up with that kid.
You grew up with Ken Weatherwax?
Ken Weatherwax did not play.
Pugs me like Adam's Family Adam's Family Values
Oh you're talking about from the movie
My Generation
Yeah
The Cool Adam's Family
This is in your father's Adam's Family
That's right
That was uh
What's that early ninety-seven family family
Something like that
So you grew up with that kid
Yeah they could be the punk
That kid I would
I'm not gonna let you be smurched
the kid
or shame
Good Day
The best show, double your weapon
The best show, double your weapon
The best show
The best show
This is the truth of my show
Double your weapon
The best show
Double your weapon
The best show
Double your weapon
The best show
We could do this, we could do this, we could do this.
Back again for another Tuesday night extravaganza.
I'm the host of tonight's episode. My name is Tom Sharpling. I'll be with you
for three hours. Three hours of Mirth music in mayhem. The music part. Check
the Mirth on the way. The mayhem. Oh, he's guaranteed.
from the beat bespoke three the hot collection on the circle label we heard
the paragons with Abba and that's the only way you hear an Abba on this show
The album box is out of here. New regime.
Not play time.
From the band Cheap Time, speaking of times.
There's self-titled album on In the Red. We heard Falling Down.
The theme from the movie falling down, great movie.
Who called you, Mike?
The Apple Box called you?
your distance.
It's just, it's not forever for the new regime.
There'll be room for you down the road, just not yet.
that death cap for cutie hot new album narrow stairs the name of the album we
heard no sunlight and that is available on the Atlantic record label 1290
Avenue of the Americas walk on over and ask some questions
Hot stuff. You did it again. You did it again, bedgibberd. And starting us off. Wings.
From the back to the egg album. Getting closer. Yeah, I wanted to play high, high, high tonight.
Not the library. What's that thing got legs? Wings greatest walked out of here? Chad, someone
check Mike's briefcase. I see him open that briefcase sometimes. It's an apple rolling
around in there. That's all it is. It's an old newspaper and an apple. He waves that
thing around trying to impress me. Makes fun of my lowly gym bag. Oh, what have we got
in store today. What do we got? 201-209-9368. That's the number. That's the number. Make
things happen. Open Phone Tuesday? Part of the new old regime? No. No. Open Phone
Tuesday went away. Will it be part of the new regime? No. That's it evergreen. Open
phone Tuesday's gone. It's part of the past. Put that one next to Betamax and the
Ragman. New regime. Something else. I got to change something else. Because I'm
I'm ready to walk.
I'll walk.
The show's peaked according to some.
According to some, our best days are behind us.
I already see certain people from the show already entertaining offers from other programs.
And I was going through Mike's briefcase.
He is entertaining.
I know he probably doesn't want me talking about this on the air
700 Club
He's entertaining an offer moving to the 700 Club
He's got a letter in his briefcase from Pat Robertson
Be seaching him to come over
In my eyes I am Mike's a Mike's a headhunter. He'll go where they'll go to the best deal
He goes where the grass is greenest
the
new regime scares people off
phones are silent
there's no uh... presidential uh... thing tonight is there
state of the union
the primary what state
Oregon is tonight.
And Barack Obama is favored to win Oregon, correct?
So the other day I'm driving along in my car, that's right I have a car, I'll admit I'm bragging
a little bit.
Now I pull up to this traffic light.
You ever go to a traffic light and there's like the, there's people at the light who come
out with their coffee cans or their milk jugs looking for change for whatever
charity they're they're trying to raise money for now sometimes it's like to
help the to help the firemen or to help you know help sick kids see those guys
always. 100% certainty you're getting money when it's a good thing. Then there's
the next tier. Cheerleaders. Trying to raise money for cheerleading.
Not likely for me to give money. It's a hobby. Now I'm financing your hobby. You're your
interests. Help with the cheerleading team. You help. Go get a job. Cheerleading team.
Oh, you're here. Let me give you five dollars so the cheerleading squad can keep going.
I wasn't out there when I was 13 trying to raise money so I could buy albums.
Help me with my interests. I'd like to buy records. I really want that new Husker do album.
Somebody please throw money into my milk jug so I can go record shopping.
But I saw the other day, when I got to the intersection, a new low point.
I kid you not, there's this kid, muscular kid, walking around with his sanka can, trying
to raise money
for the wrestling team
this kid looked at this kid was like uh... some uh... tough guy out there
with uh... with one that with that dumb m&m haircut
trying to raise money for the wrestling team might as well have said on it uh...
finance uh... future bullies of america
That's like me paying for a kid to be a bully.
Here, I want you to learn how to fight better.
That way you can pick on the regular kids.
I can finance that.
That's like financing junior terrorism.
Like little terrorism.
Got to finance some wrestling team.
I'm supposed to go out there.
Yeah, well here's five dollars, let me keep it going.
Yeah, that way you can feel superior
and pick on nerds in the school.
Wrestling, can't stand it.
Gotta pay for this kid's hobby.
Better off buying kid's beer. Even though I wouldn't do that. At least out of mellow
them out. Actually that wouldn't mellow them out. Especially a bully. I'd turn them into
a drunk bully. FM you, you're on the air. Yes, first I would like to say that everyone
stay off of the alcohol
you never get anywhere doing that
okay
what do you have against against cheerleaders
that's that's uh... i think that's the question that i
would like to ask you what the what do i have against cheerleaders yes the
wrestling you know i could take a leave unless it's you know
wrestling but uh... beneath the sheets
what
who is this
who do you think it is
i'm not sure
i'm calling because i i i i sometimes listen to your show i don't like to admit
that but i thought i heard you
mention a character from a of film that i had appeared in some some twenty
odd years ago
you said ragman
is that what you said
i mentioned the ragman that was a guy in the old days
what's that
used to go around collecting rags i'm talking about ragman
from the movie trick or treat
what mood
who is this
who do you think it is i i'm not exactly sure i'll give you a hint yes
i'll let call screener kevin uh...
yes it also
do you know his name is mike okay well
any idea who this is mike
he says it's dancing who's that
it's not that i know it was not dancing i think i do is this gene
Simmons it is I wrote a little I got my next little clue was going to be the
recitation of a lyric that I had had written some twenty five years ago okay
and what lyric is that so you bend to the mountain and the meat looks good
tonight on the ladies and waiting will show you what it's all about it's a
great that's a great lyric you know what song that is I think it's called ladies
and waiting isn't it or you're a fan
uh... i am familiar with the song sure okay
so why are you down on the cheerleaders
uh... you know what if there is people want to be cheerleaders that's fine but
i love having cheerleaders
i i think it's fine i just have no interest in them
financing them
really okay well i have five finance uh... many of them i'm sure you have i
have a significant finances yes
I've got so much money I have in my wallet.
I love playing this game with you.
I know you do.
I have no idea how much money you have in your wallet.
Take a gander.
$5,000.
No.
Keep guessing.
Higher or lower?
Please.
$5,000 is what I have in my pajamas.
$10,000.
A little more.
$20,000.
little more
forty thousand more
sixty thousand more
including chex
include okay a hundred thousand dollars more
you have more than a hundred absolutely of course i do
a hundred fifty thousand dollars more
uh... three hundred thousand dollars i'll cut to the chase okay yeah i have
three billion dollars in my wallet right now uh... how much three billion
why do you have three billion dollars because i'd like to have it
a lot like it uh... to rub against me
well what
mister simmons play a song for me okay
well what song do you want to play the song that uh...
that i wrote with bob dylan
what song did you write with bob dylan you don't know what song i wrote with
bob dylan
You have a radio station. Yeah, and yet you don't know I
Have I feel so sorry for you. I have absolutely no idea what's so sorry for you. Oh, please don't I'm coming down there
Please don't I'm coming down there. Please don't do what I'm gonna do what?
Hit you with something with your axe base. That's right. Oh, you're clavoyant. No
oh you're a devil and as well as stupid you've threatened me before who has you
have no i haven't you definitely have to get ready
i'm ready to take the base i'm ready to uh...
which would you wearing tonight
wait what
which which of your wigs are you wearing i don't wear a wig
you you don't wear a wig no i do not
you definitely do i definitely do not
yeah you had there's no doubt that you have had plenty of things about you
like what voice modulator
i don't speak through
a voice mod everybody knows about it you also where these boots that make you a
full seven inches taller because you're actually for eight
i'm not for eight
ask all screener uh... guard
his name is mike
how tall is he
how tall is mike no i'm asking god how tall you are
How tall am I, Mike?
Mike says 6'1". It's actually a little over 6'2".
That's how tall I am.
They're more like 6'3".
That's how tall I am, Sam's boots.
Sam's boots. Yes.
And with boots, what are you? 8'11".
8'11 and a half.
Oh, why?
Play something from my album, Ashley.
OK, I'll see if I can find it.
It's unlikely that we have it in the library, but I'll check.
Please do. I actually have to run right now
because i have to have sex
when he hung up on me
fm you you're on the air
on my own
yes you are where you're going from the uh... space shuttle
uh... this is time for manhattan
from manhattan
where's manhattan
uh... no manhattan i live in a lot of research
okay what can i do for you tyler
I was wondering if you got a chance to see Mr. Lonely, how many Koreans knew film?
I did not. I couldn't get in.
It's still playing at ISC until Friday.
I know because I work there.
I've been trying to get in. I cannot get a seat.
It's been sold out every time?
Every time.
That's how good of a movie it is. You got to check it out.
Do you like it?
Yeah, Werner Herzog, I'm sure you're familiar with him.
Yes, the master.
Yeah, he uh, he plays a priest and there's flying nuns. I can't wait
Did you say in a Korean in general? Oh, I love him
You've seen gamma. I've seen gamma 11 times. That's so Julian donkey boy eight times. I've seen gamma 30 times
literally really
Yeah, I can name I know the script by heart
script
It's fantastic. You like the new one?
Oh, yeah, yeah. I love it. I've seen it three times now.
All right. That's great. You hear his next movie?
What about his next movie?
He's actually working on another movie right now.
He's working on Speed Racer, too.
Who's starring in that?
Who's starred in it?
You know who's going to star in it.
Hopefully, Emil Hirsch will reprise his role as Speed Racer.
What about Andy Milonakis?
Who's that?
Andy Milonakis?
I don't know who that is.
He's that 35-year-old guy who looks like he's 13. He has his own show on MTV.
Okay, I'll check it out.
Yeah, he's gonna star in that.
Nah, yeah, I don't think he is.
They wouldn't let a guy like that star in it.
If the meal hurts, just roll to lose. Get off my phone!
Got tryin' to, uh...
I'm trying to egg me on.
Who's that guy I think he is?
I got to work at that theater.
You know what?
Now I'm not picking my trash up at that theater.
I'm going to write a note on my trash and I pick it up Wisenheimer on the side of my
popcorn bucket
wrestling kid
i was going to punch through my window if i didn't give him money
he looked like the hulk
the hulk
he was not wearing a singlet now
he was he was wearing a uh... dumb white t-shirt and uh... and baggy jeans
He looked colossally stupid
Yeah, I pay for your hobby. I was in out there saying hey, you know what I want to go to the movies today
Please drop drop nine dollars in my milk jug
I'd love to see a movie tonight. That's my interest. That's my hobby
Now I had a job I was at there working I started working once 12 I haven't stopped
12. I started earlier than that. Paper root.
Oh, I see some kid crying about, uh, he can't afford to wrestle. What do you need a mat?
Yeah, you need a mat. The gym doesn't have mats. What school are you going to? They don't have mats.
It needs Matt's. Jim, the school system buys Matt's. It lasts for 50 years. Those Matt's.
Sick. Pay for your hobby.
This is the week Raiders of the Lost Ark comes out the legend of the Crystal Skull and that
I'm hoping people are bracing themselves to be disappointed because that has stink bomb
written all over it.
That cannot be good.
That movie cannot be good.
Harrison Ford running around
Shia LaBouf
That I guarantee, that will be, everyone will be disappointed by that movie.
Harrison Ford's so old now, I think it takes place in the 60s.
first one took place in the forties
now i think he's running around uh... hate ash berry
looking for a bong the golden bong
and you can see just from the just from the commercials on tv
looks like a c g i fest
that's not how they did the first movies
they were not all uh... computer animated
if i'm here on the air
they are you think all of them
yeah i am who's this
and
and and
and
and
james
that you pay glue must uh... be leaking through
onto his uh... brain pan
cerebral cortex
was sad little guy
now call back james i'll let you do that all night
if it'll make you feel complete
you know he was even if they like james james james start to sound like
shame shame shame
he was realizing
He's sick.
Someone help him.
Where's his friend Ramsay?
I'm at that guy, nice guy.
Help him Ramsay.
FM you, you're on the air.
Hey Tom.
Hey who's this?
Peter.
Peter, who's Peter?
Your friend.
Peter my friend.
Peter Michael.
Peter Michael.
This is the guy who used to be Petey.
Yeah.
How are you doing?
I'm good.
How old are you now?
17 years.
You're not 17.
Yeah.
You are not.
I'm 17, but I'm like as little as a 10-year-old.
Stop.
There's no way you're 17.
How old are you?
Seriously.
I'm an adult, almost.
You are not almost an adult.
Yep.
I don't believe you're 17.
Mm-hmm.
What?
You want to ask me questions to prove it?
Sure.
Okay. What year were you born? 1991. Good heavens. Is that correct? Keep going. Ask
Mike for some help with the questions. What's something only a 17-year-old with
no town? You're a big fan of what? The Beatles. What? The Beatles. Yeah the Beatles.
That's what every 17-year-old loves. Yeah? No you love you love the naked
Brothers. What's that? Right? Who's naked? You love Hannah Montana. I don't know. That's
10 year old. Jonas Brothers. I like, um, uh, I can't do Kurosawa. Yeah, that's what
all 10. That's what all 17 year olds like. No one likes that. Kurosawa didn't like
Carousela I guess I guess you could look at it that way so what did you like when
you were 17 now what did I like yeah what did I like when I was 17 drugs yeah
no first thing on your mind day are you selling drugs now now just buying them
And that music is a drug.
Heh heh. Oh.
You actually went heh heh heh.
Heh heh.
I'm just a new kind of person now I guess.
Now how are you doing? Seriously?
All kidding aside.
I don't know. I was just listening to Beatles. Ever since we broke up.
Listen to the Beatles since what?
Since we broke up.
Since who broke up?
The Beatles.
You've been listening to them since they broke up?
Since we broke up.
Who's we?
The Beatles.
What are you talking about?
Wait, you don't know.
I was one of the Beatles.
Is what you're working on?
Tom, listen.
Your workshop in this?
Listen, you know when Harrison was alive a long time ago?
When George Harrison was alive?
Yeah.
Yeah, what about it?
Well, him used to hang out a lot.
Yeah.
Well, he told me I was the littlest beetle, basically.
And you know, if you look in the beetle, the ontologies, it says I was the beetle.
Alright, rank the beetles for me, it best to worst.
I can't do that to my friends.
Fair enough.
Touche.
Put me in my place.
Yeah.
What's your favorite Beatles song?
I have to say, maybe one of the oldies for me to you.
They're all oldies.
No, I mean, you know, old oldies.
Even the ones that did those fake Beatles songs are oldies now.
What do you mean?
Free as a bird or whatever that sounds like.
That was so good.
I just heard that the other day.
I love that song so much.
Yeah, you like it?
Yeah.
That was after Lennon died.
They all got together and made that one song.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So Ted.
Yeah.
I think on that song, if you listen to it backwards,
you can hear them chanting, PD is the beetle.
PD is the beetle.
I think.
It's try one time.
I think it'll work out.
You ever see that show intervention?
No.
Tom, if you keep doing this to me,
I may never call up again.
Come on, I told you like buddies.
We are.
But you don't want to know what?
What?
New regime, get off my phone.
You got to either bring it?
That's part of what the new regime is.
These people calling up thinking they got anything to say and it's good enough.
I don't want good enough.
This is the best show.
You bring your best in here.
FM you're on the air
I'm taking you up on your own
Yeah, I know you're not James
The little troll
Go recenter your two pay
Someone's calling on the old line
The scary line
This is truly the line of terror
I gotta pick it up
FM you're on the air
What?
Hold on.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hello?
Hi.
Is this Tom?
This is.
Tom, I just have a question.
You do realize you were just outwitted by PD with a question about ranking the Beatles,
right?
Yay, put me in my place.
You know, when you become 17, does that mean that you're allowed to outwit radio hosts?
Just feel like that this is a turning point and fell part of the new regime thing
But so net what I the guy got me once
He hasn't called in a while though. It's like he's been saving up all of his power for this day. Well good
He saved it all up for one good moment. Who knows to him?
Why the other question I have to ask you though is I got one question for you. Yes
Yes, why are you calling on the line that I haven't given that number out in five years?
Uh, that just goes to show how long I've been calling you.
Get off my phone!
F-F-F-M-U, you're on the air.
Hi, this is Norm from Monogue, and I've got a comment about wrestling, Matt.
Is this how tonight's going?
Really?
James?
Petey?
Weirdo calling on the old line?
Got to call him about wrestling, Matt's.
James again.
Put in the topic up
So my cell phone I got this new cell phone right nine months ago not an iPhone
Trio solid things made out of rubber I could bounce this thing off the floor. It'll bounce back up
But something went wrong in it.
And I couldn't hear calls, so I brought it back to get it fixed.
This morning, brought it in, dropped it off, zip, zip, zip, zip, because I, yeah, come
back in a couple hours.
I said, well, I have to go to work, but I will swing back and get it later.
So then the guy goes, yeah, come on back.
So then I call to see if my phone's ready, guys, yeah, it's ready, come on down.
Ask for me. We'll get it right to you.
Okay, that sounds like a good deal.
Go down.
90 minutes.
90 minutes for the guy to say, oh, here's your phone.
90 minutes.
And I'm looking, I'm looking across the counter.
I literally, I kid you not.
I saw my phone sitting there.
There was like a thing called pick-ups.
little uh... a little shelf
and i could see my phone on it
there's like only one phone
on the pickup shelf
and it was mine
and i said somebody
by the kind of said
hey i just want to get my phone it's literally that phone right there
literally it's it's six feet away
can we just get me my phone and i can uh... go on my way
and then i look on the uh... the uh... they have this uh... the screen that
lists uh... the order you have to wait to get help
and i'm not on that screen
where my i'm in this weird
side box
it says tom
in this weird side box
that no one was addressing
and waiting for this guy uh... who the guy who said he would uh... he would
help me
because you go to these phone stores and you go in and you have to
check in when you go there
at this like uh...
you have to put you have to give the person that a little uh... a little uh...
little podium
give them your name and then you're right you're put on a list to get taken care
of a certain order
some waiting
i'm not even on that list
i don't even have a number next to my name
and said to her uh...
uh... this guy said he would take care of me
she said okay he's with one customer he'll take care of you next
a kid you not he was with this customer for over an hour
what do building a phone for them
then i started to think about it you know what
i was not in this situation uh... uh... six years ago made six years ago i was
under ten years ago i was not in this uh... situation addicted to a cell phone
standing in a store waiting to get my phone handed back to me
i want out of my life
i said i want i thought i made it one day without it
then i started to think
cell phone
how did this happen
how did this happen where i'm a i'm hooked
on the cell phone now
and I can't get away from it
and I'm at the mercy of this place.
I'm not mad at the people at this store,
which I'm not going to give the brand of cell phone I use out.
Although we can say it's a,
if you were running a race, a fast race,
not a marathon, a,
yes, that's right, a sprint.
I'll say it, what do I care?
I don't want the people from the sprint corporation to not mad at the slobs working
in the store.
They're working as hard as they can.
The corporate people though, the people who say there should only be seven employees in
a sprint store.
That's who I'm mad at.
How did this happen?
How did it get to this point?
That's the top of 201-209-9368.
How did this happen?
When you look all of a sudden you realize that you've gotten to a place in your life
you never could have imagined.
How did you end up there?
How did this happen, 201, 209, 9368?
I'm sure James has that thought.
himself I used to be a little rosy cheek boy running around sliding down the
slip-and-slide eating ice cream now look at him little bald weirdo
little sweaty creep making phone calls to a show he loves trying to ruin the
thing he loves. How did this happen? New
regime. Remember three bad minutes from
you. You get three bad minutes from me.
I will gladly return the favor. Give me three bad minutes. I'm not taking this
laying down anymore. FM you you're on the air. Tom how are you doing okay who's
this? Tom my name's Steve I'm in North Hollywood. Steve in North Hollywood this
is the uh... the uh...
this is that nanny
whatever you want to call me
this is a better
i'm doing okay this is the guy who flamed out
again and again and again
this is true
you're part of the new regime now though steve
i i heard the new regime and uh...
i want to say i support it
thank you
for the big time
thank you
do you have anything to add to the topic steve
uh... i i i i'm uh... stuck in my car and unable to listen live on the
computer at the moment but
because uh... wing in it
i can listen it says it's not an obligation to call
well it's tuesday i got a call in
are you don't
you don't
How did this happen? How did this happen? How am I here?
I could be home reading a comic book.
What's going on out there here Mike scrambling FM you're on the air what was
that what was what but that little interlude there you're on the air you
just keep getting me what yeah I'm here the guy talking about PD the world of
Okay. You gave me three bad minutes. I'm giving you three bad minutes.
Thanks, Kevin.
Tick seven.
Ah.
Should've known better with a girl like you.
Ah.
And I hope that you take the way.
Read after I've done that mouth organ,
babe, can we skip the mouth organ?
Tick seven.
Ah.
Should've known better with a girl like you.
Ah.
And I hope that you take the way.
Read after I've done that mouth open, babe.
Can we skip the mouth open?
Take seven.
Ah.
Should have known better with a girl like you.
Ah.
And I hope this is her.
Take nine.
Read after I've done that mouth open, babe.
Can we skip the mouth open?
Take seven.
Ah.
Should have known better with a girl like you.
Ah.
And I hope they do.
Take the knife.
Read after I've done that mouth organ bit.
Can we skip the mouth organ?
And when I whisper...
I couldn't hear what chords do we go.
Take 12.
Bit less of George.
I feel as I'm singing in a song.
And when I whisper...
I couldn't hear what calls do I go?
Take 12
Bit less of George
I feel as I'm singing in a song
And when I whisper
I couldn't hear what calls do I go
Take 12
Bit less of George
I feel as I'm singing in a song
See you first day
And dance outside
See dear
Or else you can see
See you first day
And see you first day
And dance outside
See dear
Or else you can see
See you first day
And see you first day
And dance outside
We're trying toGHUE
6-7
Aaaaaaaah
You'd have known better with a girl like you
AAAAAaaah
Take the
aaaah
you'd have known better with a girl like you
And I hope they don't!
Take no way!
Read after I've done that mouth, Ognebic, can we skip the mouth, Ogne?
Take seven!
Ahhhhhh!
I should have known better with a girl like you!
Ah!
And I hope they don't!
Take no way!
Read after I've done that mouth, Ognebic, can we skip the mouth, Ogne?
Take seven!
Alright.
Three bad minutes gets you three bad minutes.
FMU you're on the air.
Um.
Yes.
When you're on hold and you see that minute, it's like you're punishing me.
And who is this?
I'm one of the good guys.
Are you?
Yes.
What's your name?
I don't need, I'm sound by John from Houston.
John by John from Houston.
Listen, that is, that's the title you forced us.
Alright, so what do you got for me John?
So I got some topic.
Yeah.
The topic which is, how did we get here?
So I decided to register for another email
because I thought it's prudent.
And I don't have, I have a mid-tier common name.
Okay, okay, not too many sound by Johnson Houston, but I'm stuck there
You know asking me to register and they say now it's taken. Would you like you know sound by John from Houston?
four two three four nine and
You go I could have gotten whatever
Fm you you're on the air. Hey Tom. This is Emerson from Los Angeles Emerson from Los Angeles. What what's that Mike?
How are you doing Emerson so far so good I used to be Emerson from Chicago and in the
process of moving I kind of fell out of the loop but it's a new regime now yes new names
new regime new everything new beginnings put a new pen code of paint on this thing that's
what that's the plan so do you have anything for the topic I have a how did this happen
moment do you plan to be the first good caller of the show
tonight at
we're going to give it my best at nine oh three
i'm gonna bring it
i'm gonna bring what i got to bring thank you american let's hear what do you
have in terms of the topic
how did i get to chicago i was fresh out of college and i had a bachelor's in
journalism and i thought that immediately
dump trucks full money would start pulling up to my house but that didn't
happen
I had nothing I needed money to get some food, so I decided to sell plasma.
I went to a plasma bank on Lawrence Avenue, sat there with a needle in my arm with my
plasma pumping out, and they were showing movies in the plasma bank.
One of the movies was bringing out the dead, the Nicholas Cage Ambulance movie.
So you're sitting in this plasma bank getting drained watching some second third tier Martin
Scorsese Nicolas Cage movie about ambulance technicians and the work that they do which
usually involves gruesome disfigurations and other stuff of that nature.
Who chose to put that movie on?
i would like to meet that person yes and shake that person's hand i don't know
who that was but
it's i think that that person must be on some other wavelength that i would
like to know about
that that's a polite way of putting it
amerson
thank you for getting us on track
no problem top have a good night
you do the same thank you
fm you you're on the air
fm you you're on the air
hi tom
hi who's this
there are from baltimore
erica from baltimore
how are you a regular caller
yes regular call strip of your title super caller
as part of the purge
part of the new regime part of the new regime
forced my hand was forced
It's all, you know, I trust your judgments.
You're running a show.
You'll learn it back.
You'll learn it back.
I have no fear.
Well, thank you.
I have one for the topic.
Let's hear it.
Well, as you know, I tried unsuccessfully
to quit smoking earlier this year.
I know, but it's perfect for the topic.
OK.
It was while I was trying to quit that moment where,
and I did this maybe four times over like the three months
where I flipped up where I went to the store
and I bought a pack of the crappiest, harshest cigarettes
I could get my hands on.
And I don't know why I did it this way,
but I stood outside royal farms and I did the store
and I smoked a single cigarette and I threw the rest away.
And as I was driving in my car home from the convenience store,
I just thought, how did I get to be dis-addicted
with something, how did I get this far?
To where you're smoking a crummy cigarette
trying to, trying to, what, punish yourself?
No, like, well, yeah, like, I didn't want to buy,
like, a pack of my favorite cigarettes,
and at that point, like, sit in my couch
where I was comfortable and smoke it.
I, like, was trying to make it unpleasant.
Yeah.
This doesn't work.
That is, that is the point.
that's a turn into the mirror and then i ask erica why uh... we are here
moment
it was awful
do you have any plans to uh... kind of a regroup and and uh...
make another attack at quitting smoking
yeah i am and i'm also smoking half as much as i was before and i've kept that
consistency last time so hopefully the next time i'll
quit entirely or yes cut it out again and then do it again i don't know you
can do it i know you can do it
Yeah, at some point, it's hard to do it for the animals.
Do it for the animals.
I know.
You don't want to blow smoke in some dog's face, right?
Well, I have cats, but yeah, they deserve a smoking environment.
Yeah, you think your cat's like smelling like cigarette smoke?
No, the one cat hates it, and I can't smoke near her.
She's never liked it.
All cats hate it.
All of them hate it.
There's not one cat there who likes it.
It runs away.
It's time, Erica.
I know.
here's what i'll tell you
you quit smoking
already in state your super caller status
well thank you
and i will i will try and i don't know what time frame that will make you the
only super caller
and i will guarantee this
i'll guarantee a window from when you were appointed super caller
i'll guarantee a three-month window where you are the only super caller
All right, but listen, thank you. It's very hard. It's hard. I will try and
Mike is throwing in. He's upping the ante. He will get you onto the set of the 700 club.
Oof. That might be motivation alone. He will introduce you to Pat Robertson,
whereas he calls him Mr. R.
That gives me a chill. How do you get so familiar with him already? Mr. R.
he's I aming with him out there that seems unprofessional who would have
thought hey that Pat Robertson I looked at Mike's Facebook he's only got one
friend Pat Robertson Pat Robertson keeps twittering letting everybody know
where he's at maybe it's time for Mike to look in the mirror might be thank you
Erica. Good night. You have a good night, too.
Alright. FMU, you're on the air.
Hello, Tom. Yes. Oh, hey. It's Evan from Montclair.
Evan from Montclair. How are you tonight?
Good. How are you?
I'm doing okay. I haven't called in a while.
Yes. We're bouncing back.
I'm on the podcast schedule. Never around this time.
That's fine. I'm sure you were concerned.
God loves the podcast, too.
I love the podcast.
I'm glad.
So I got one for the topic.
Let's hear it.
Well, you know, I got a couple of kids.
So pretty much every day I got one of those moments.
So a lot of people have to do with what I'm
listening to in the car.
My wife makes the kids get to choose what we listen to.
So a lot of it is the soundtrack to musical and grief.
OK.
And I thought it was going to be one of these dads.
It was like a cool dad who, like, kids listen to my music.
Grace is like porno.
you can't play grease for your kids
when you play in uh... grease lightning
i don't know which songs we have a kind of tune it out my head but yet the
soundtrack to grow even worse the one to um...
got what is that uh... will look at me i'm sandra d
exactly and it did it definitely there's some bad uh... probably lessons in
my called i think that
called difus
and then that john water from that even worse what is that not um...
with pink flamingos
both people i wish we had a soundtrack to think you're showing it's painful
mangoes on the dvd player and your uh... made that with the egg lady the
others uh...
very appropriate
and all your my kid love that was a bad lieutenant
you know that don't
yes i know that
no no i'm joking being remade by nicholas cage by the way
is that true yes
that that's amazing i would love to see i thought when i first of my thought he
would probably were appropriate for that role
yeah i always thought it needed to be remade
if only they would update bad lieutenant
that they've got email now
but it would be pretty much my whole life now is one of the like every day and
like how did i get to this point
and i don't know if you know if it could be i've i've i've made so many bad
decisions or it's just
that's the way life
goes like i'd watch american idle once in a while now
what do you complain about you got kids
you know the crime about
i'm not complaining to say it is kind of unusual that my life has turned off
so you mean it in a
how did i get here
i guess a little bit not in my car and i get here
no but they would work i thought i was that on the right track i was working on
these you know kind of interesting shows and all of a sudden you know work at
orbeez
exactly
what are you doing these days not to be too specific
now i'm working for one of the big uh...
big uh... and companies here
one of the big news companies
fox
i wish
you wish
and i wish
all right evan thank you so much i thank you for that
w f m u east orange w x h d mount hope worldwide on the worldwide web at w f m u
dot o
rg this is the best show on w f m u
my name's time sharpening your host for tonight's installment we're talking about
how did i get here how did this happen
when all of a sudden you look in the mirror in a situation you cannot believe
that you're in
fm you're on the air
com yes
porting the new regime
and who is this
this is no up for brooklyn
no up from brook and what part of brooklyn
brooklyn height
as of a week ago
how's that treating you
it's awesome
you like it
i love it
it's the best dream
i've always dreamt of living here
it's actually a how did i end up here
that's one of the things
but that's not what i was calling about exactly okay
staying focused a little nervous i love the show relax now just relax
uh... deep breath
what kind of phone are you calling on
uh... cell phone
is what i want you to do what are what kind of cell phone
uh... no kia
this will help you get some focus seriously
clonk it against your forehead twice gently gently but firmly
that really work
there you go now you know i did it
i did it and it worked yes
okay well
how did i get here
last night i was in a bowling alley with
yoko ono
and that's what i said really
really
she could bother
no it was a uh... it was actually a benefit
for uh... artist
with
aid and
aid awareness
uh...
and you got there because you worry uh... helping the charity or a contributor
or out
yes uh... uh...
i think button
and uh...
i designed a series of uh... say sex button
and and that
after another thing like how did it get here
Like, as a person who makes buttons for a living.
Like, it is that crazy.
It just blows my mind.
Sometimes things happen.
All of a sudden you realize you're somewhere,
well, what did you, where did you think
you were going to end up?
Mmm.
I don't know.
This is the...
I thought, what?
Is this no, I know this, no, all right?
I believe you do, yes you do.
Dude, did I see you on some reality show?
Oh my god, did you?
Yes, I did.
There's this high def channels, like the art channel.
Right?
You saw it, I didn't see it.
Was it called Art Star, the name of the show?
Yeah.
And you were like harassing this guy.
Yeah, yeah.
He was there last night too.
He was there.
And does he still find you amusing?
In his own special way, he does
He said he turned to Jeff Coons and said whatever you do don't get on his mailing list
Yes
Which was highly amusing stop with that word stop with that word in your name word what?
You know the word ah
Stop with what are you trying to prove a point trying to be a shock jock?
Yeah, it's I started when I was 14 and I can't give it up. Well, it's time. It's time to give it up
It's special. It's not word. No, it's not special. We're it's I feel like it. This is an inside joke now. What is?
People don't know what we're talking about the name of your company is what say it
You say it. Oh, you say I don't want to say it. You say it. It's your company. It's not a company
It's really not a company. And what is it?
Uh, it's just a thing I started doing, the funny name I thought of.
And say the name of it, so funny.
It's Retard Riot.
Retard Riot Radio, Retard Riot.com, Retard Riot Button, Retard Riot Everything.
Yeah, it's not a company.
No.
You only got eight arms you just named of it.
That's like it's, but they're all my eight arms.
It's like my arms.
It keeps me going, you know.
Change it.
To what?
Anything else.
Get off my phone.
Offensive. FMU, you're on the air. Hi, Tom. Hi, who's this? This is Colleen. Colleen
from? Now from Baton Rouge. No, I know this Colleen. How are you? I'm okay. I
really like your topic tonight because I pretty much say that to myself every
single day. How did I get here? Yeah. How did I end up here? Yep. And you are in Baton Rouge
and how did you get there? Well, I'm here because my fiance is going to grad school at
LSTU. But we both came here from Brooklyn. So it's very, very different. And it's... Is
it's scary you know yeah sometimes are there weird mountain people no there's
just weird like insane LSU Tigers fans and purple and gold like everywhere you
look even like the wood chips are painted purple and gold because of the school
colors the wood chips are painted purple and gold so that's all that they've got
down there is their team yeah and they're the number one team also in college
and football yeah which doesn't start up now until August I think there's like
a hundred days and I know this because everybody keeps tabs and like can't
wait oh boy you go tailgating that's rough stuff
where do people eat down in bad words like when you want to eat because you
are a uh... health conscious person
yet well first of all i have gained a significant amount of weight since
moving here
and uh... like i can't help it i go out and i walk
and i
try to like like on
vegetarian but i sort of start eating a little fish cuz like now what
describe and uh... them and what is uh... meal free average days uh... eating
down there what do you eat uh... venison
was that uh... alligator i like i don't need anything like
people here seem to prefer to eat like they
they seem like to put hard-boiled eggs into everything
or including like horseradish and like potato salad and like
just everything
and also cool with
is an ingredient in like
dinner dishes
and
will they put uh... would they ever put cool with on a hard-boiled egg
probably that's probably a thing that i haven't learned about yet like
last night i just learned that
about a cajun treat who are you uh...
poor came
net you poor came syrup
which is sugar syrup on onto cornbread and like mash it up and eat it out of a
bowl
what is that called uh... diabetes uh...
so i'm learning stuff
i'm learning new things about the culture every day
like last night i also learned about the word
which is a mixture of tip and dump
tom
uh... yes what is uh... what is that or would you do do what what is that what
what do you mean by tip
and dump
like
um...
let's say you know
oh my friend was doing a keg stand while he was tailgating at the tiger's
game and i dumped him over
so that you tipped him over and dumped him
i guess it's just like
you know violence
I'm going to say the operative word there is Tiger's game.
Yeah.
The fact that everything revolves around a Tiger's game.
Yeah, pretty much.
People need help down there.
Yeah, and it's no way because like this time last year I was like an editor at a New York
magazine and lived in Brooklyn and like if you had told me I'd be, you know, hanging
out in Baton Rouge and like trying things like commentive cheese.
Hunting snakes.
yeah for dinner yeah so year one of the like it's like a three-year program
that might be on season then one year now one school year yeah that's two years to go
no you know what i say what
ten miles a day you walk ten miles yes I can't I do like one mile a day and I
go up and down the bleachers because there's no stairs here the bleachers
yeah like a high school nearby and I started bike riding more but if you try
to walk around here like when I first moved here I'd be walking and people would
pull over and like try to help me because they thought I broke down and they try
to like give me a ride but no say about that people some people walk on purpose
yeah it actually happened some people there's no there's no such thing as a
gym down there oh there is that I hate that where is it like rocky is it like
a rocky for a kind of gym where you go into the thing you start lifting a
a wagon I don't even want to know like all purple and gold like a bruise and I say I
just don't like Jim's anyway there's what you do you have do you have a zoom or a
some sort of portable music device I have an iPod okay you load it up you do an
exciting uh... exciting a high-energy uh... playlist
then you go to the gym
away
what don't you like about jim's
do you like
uh... you're like a hamster in a wheel at the gym you know
rather like be doing something that's real
like walking then you bring a book with you
then you get your reading done
i guess
does do it stop crying
all right seriously make a you can make the best of this i know you can do it
i know
apparently
apparently
i had you blocked on i am
i know i just checked i had blocked everybody at one point and i didn't
unblock you
you were unblocked
on how dare you block me
get off my phone
a block now you're re-blocked
unblock in a right now
where is it
you're blocked
you're re-blocked
ten years you're blocked
fm you you're on the air
eight on it's john from maple wood john from maple is a quality caller
this guy will pull the show
all the way back to where it belongs
uh...
no pressure at all how are you john no you can do it automatically
greatness uh... pours out of you like uh... uh... a sweat out of uh...
at harry knolls
i guess i'll take that as a compliment
thank you
uh...
what do you got for me jerry
so uh...
what is the topic again
uh... the topic is uh...
how did i get here
yes okay
so uh...
many years back
um...
i was strapped for cash i was a student
and so is my wife
and uh... we didn't know what to do for money by the way i'm very nervous
because of the new regime
just relax
i'm all shaky just relax you're a good part of the new regime you're fine
alright
we're strapped for cash we didn't know what to do in a friend of mine said i
have a really quick gig for you
and uh...
he got about thirty of us together
uh... put us in a van
with all these confetti cannons
well i don't like the sound of this
well you would think we're going to something very exciting
but he takes us to the prudential building in Newark
and when they make the big announcement
that they're changing their name from prudential to prudential investments
we're supposed to shoot off the confetti cannons
and i was just sitting there thinking how did i get here
was it fun now
it was kind of fun except uh... some of the suits looked at us and
scoffed and one of them said a nice job
but I showed him, I now have his kind of job, so.
Yes, and now you're in the position of hiring people
to fire off confetti cannons.
That's right, that's right, it makes me feel tough.
Then you can get them to say, how did I get here?
Exactly, it's circular.
Thank you, John, you did it.
All right, you have a good night.
You too, all right.
He didn't do it.
Man, the show's a dud.
This show's a stone cold dud.
It's a straight up flop.
This one is irredeemable.
Put this one on the scrap heap.
Is this topic stink?
Will you ask yourself, how did I get here when?
What?
Oh, okay.
Mike was at the Turkey's nest and the death metal, they started playing death metal and
he wondered how he got there.
Turkey's nest.
that place. That place should be rated. So I'm listening to this thing called part of
the Great Courses series in an attempt for me not to be as stupid. Listening to this
This one called History of Hitler's Empire.
These are recorded lectures done by professors talking about certain things.
I'm listening to this one.
This is maybe the most inappropriate thing I've ever heard in my life.
The start of it.
Now, I'm sure they did not mean this to be inappropriate, but it is the structure.
Basically the lectures begin with some fancy schmancy classical music, which sounds like
it's from an investment commercial.
Then the announcer announces the chapter and the title of the lecture.
And then you cut to the lecture itself and the people applaud the lecturer.
But this did not come out the way I'm sure they wanted it to.
This is how it came out.
This is not even real classical music.
Lecture 11.
Holocaust.
Hitler's war against the Jews.
Listen to that.
It sounds like they're clapping for the holocaust.
That's the sickest thing I ever heard.
Unless they are.
What if that's an audience full of weird Nazis?
cheering. I'm going to hear that again.
Lecture 11 Holocaust. Hitler's war against the Jews.
That makes me sick of my stomach.
like loves it then there's another one chapter the next lecture was even worse
even more offensive let me find this next one
Lecture 12 The Final Solution
It's sick, someone's got to fix things up over there, you don't realize the effect
that you're giving.
You make it sound like things being held in doozledorf, maybe at least these lectures
were.
held in like Munich. Dirty Nazis. I'm telling you also. Listen to this thing.
This Hitler. Thumbs all the way down on this guy. Straight across the board.
Nothing about this guy gets anything but a thumbs down. He is a grade a jerk.
Is that what he was an artist though?
He was an artist.
He was not an artist.
He got thrown out of art school.
What do you want?
What do you want?
Nazi sympathizer out there?
Hey, he was trying.
Mike's saying, hey, he was trying.
Yeah, that's right.
Hey, he was trying.
Well, you got some of his artwork in your house?
I don't know about this.
Mike is unsettling me now.
His love of Werner Herzog, and that was the defending Hitler.
He's trying.
You know, I think part of the new regime, I think I see a change.
We've got to make...
I gotta hold auditions, new call screeners, email me, email me, we're gonna have to make
clean break, just get mic out, that's what I'm gonna need, I'm gonna need, it's a muscle
up here. Too big guys. To escort him off the premises. He will not go lightly. I don't
know what he's got in that briefcase. He might have gone in there now. I'm scared.
That's right, Mike. Look to the show. Me and you forever. FM you, you're on the air.
Hey Tom, this is Tom in Austin.
How are you doing?
I'm good.
How are you?
Doing all right.
I think for the topic, if I may.
What do you got for me?
How did I get here?
Is it Austin?
Is it Austin?
How did you get to Austin?
No, it's not how I got to Austin.
No?
No.
What is it?
Let's hear it.
Well, a former girlfriend of mine who worked at a costume shop.
we had a hold on that's where that's where this conversation needs to be
discussed
okay
what costume shop
well it was in uh...
Vancouver
okay
you want me to say the name of the costume shop
and what would be now please don't know what where people would get what kind of
costumes in Vancouver trailer park boys no no it was it was it was a good
costume shop they
it's applied costumes for the film industry up there so they were like all
magicians
good like legit cost for film gladiators
sure caveman
sure
so your girlfriend worked at this costume shop
right and
and uh...
i agreed to a deal with her
where
she would pick out
uh... pair of costumes that both of us would wear out on on the town
like go out on the town
is this for halloween or just during the middle of the year
steering the middle of the year okay
this at the lark
that's not something right
fun to do together
and uh...
i said okay
and i didn't and uh... the deal was that i wasn't
didn't know what the costume was until
had to put it on
and so she comes up with this uh...
kind of white
jean kelly
nineteen forties rolled or two
Taylor's suit for me and she is just you know whoever that Taylor's date is so
she's wearing kind of like a classy 40s dress so she looks kind of nice and
normal and I'm running out on the town in this white Taylor suit and as a night
progressed we decided to go to a strip club okay and when I walk in and in the
with stark light, ball bottom sailor suit, all the strippers thought that there was a
ship in port and they thought that I was going to bring a bunch of my other buddies into
the strip club.
Yeah.
I got all kinds of like weird attention and I'm not a strip club guy at all.
I don't like being there and being uncomfortable just normally and so being like an attention
magnet just made it even weirder and creepier.
that DJ was trying to get me to get up on stage and sing village people and things like that, and...
Yeah, I'm sure all the other patrons would have loved that.
Exactly, exactly.
And these other preverts there.
Also, you gotta look at some guy in a white suit up there, singing songs.
What is this? All of a sudden, it's the 50s.
Some weird burlesque show with a comedian on stage.
Yeah, and I'm not that guy.
I'm the guy who does not want to get on stage or have attention called to him and for some reason I agreed to this.
Did you get up there and do a little soft shoe?
No. I tried to keep an act up like I was a sailor for a while and then at some point I just had to say look.
Just her willing boyfriend.
So now you lied to them.
And then I had to come clean and then they all were kind of angry at me because I thought they were gonna get like this big
Of course they were angry of you. You lied to them. Yep. I felt shame
But and but you did say yourself
How did this happen to me? How did I get here? There you go. Thank you
FM you you're on the air
Hello. Hello. Who's this?
Joanna from Portland, Oregon. Joanna from Portland, Oregon. How are you tonight?
I'm great. How are you doing, Tom? I'm doing okay. How are things in Portland?
They are lovely after a brief, extremely hot streak. I'm glad that things are back to normal. How's the weather in Jersey?
Great. It's raining every night and it's freezing.
So I think we switched weather. Yeah, there's a 40 degree shift in the weather every 12 hours.
Oh, God. A warm day and all of a sudden the night you'd think it was February.
That's really weird. Coming out of the apocalypse.
You know what it is? Global warming.
Dun dun dun.
Yes. Dun dun dun. I like that. That was good.
So how are you tonight? Good? You have something for the topic? Yes?
The topic is kind of making me a little depressed.
Well not so much the topic, but the tone of the calls.
Yeah, these people, everybody's a bummer.
Well, I was thinking that I would call and put a positive spin on it. Thank you. Like make it a you know
This is not my beautiful house type of call. Yes
Well, so
I have a baby and I woke up today from a nap with him and I had fallen asleep
And he had well, I mean he was also asleep, but he woke up earlier than I did and I looked over at him
He had just had the biggest grin on his face. You're so happy to be alive and be hanging out with me and I was just
You know, this is what was awesome, like, how do I get here?
Yep.
Now that's a sweet moment.
A little cheesy.
Not a sweet moment.
A little bit tucking at the hutch.
It was a moment.
Yeah.
It definitely made me be like, oh man, I'm a lucky lady.
You want to know what you are?
Therefore, karma must balance things out.
Get off my phone.
Now you're with the rest of us.
Showing off your baby. Raise your kid in Portland. City's sick. FMU you're on the
air. Hi Tom, how you doing? I'm doing alright. Who's this? This is Andrew and
Philadelphia. Andrew and Philadelphia, is this the Andrew? The guy that complained
about the podcast. Well that's not the one I was thinking of but apparently that
That is the one you are.
Yes, that's me.
Sorry.
Why were you complaining about the podcast again?
It didn't show up.
It was one of those weeks where it was like, it was off by a couple of days when I sent
an email.
Yeah, you got all mad.
Yeah, I did donate to the marathon.
It docked my pay, okay?
Docked my pay on that.
I talked to my boss and docked my pay.
You know, it's time that I start charging for this show.
I'm serious.
I'd probably pay.
Oh, I know you'd pay out of a line of people waiting to pay for this thing.
Great show.
No, I know that. That's why I would charge for it.
That's not what I call it though. I call it because I had fun for the topic.
Okay, but I'm not done talking about it. Start charging for this thing.
Didn't you? Can't you realize when I'm on one of my flights of fancy?
I apologize. That's all right, Andrew.
Would you, Mike, how many people do you think would pay for this thing?
I got to take this thing off like that Jimmy Parton show.
start charge they charge for that thing what's it called never funny they charge
I gotta start charging now this thing's free it's all over the place free free
free give it to you free in 10 different formats podcast archive live on the
radio oh let's get it the way you want it but it's free sick of it stay that
I'm looking for, I'm looking for a cash out,
a straight up cash out.
So what can I do for you, Andrew?
The topic is, how did I get here?
Yes.
Okay, well, a couple years ago,
I was living downtown with my wife
and we were going on a camping trip.
I worked night, so I was up all night, I came home,
packed all day, went to a function for a friend
that was moving away.
Got home that night, you know,
gave my wife, my daughter, you know,
get some sleep, we got a long drive ahead of us.
Oh, I started packing and I thought, how far did you drive down?
How far was the drive?
I was about a four-hour drive.
Okay.
And how would you drive like 65?
I didn't drive at that time, but I guess, yeah, I don't know.
Okay.
Your wife was driving?
Yes.
So you was a...
I'm trying to get the whole feel of this trip down.
Yes.
You control the radio?
I did.
I brought CDs.
Oh, you brought CDs?
Um...
Probably some kinks
What kinks which period I like to have it was green. I'm not it. I don't know a whole lot about the kinks
But I love that album
And probably some hip-hop I imagine hmm Hank Williams
Diverse yeah, just you know, whatever we have this was a free iPod day, so how about a zappa?
Yeah, I mean I hate to say that I'm one of those people like everything, but I like a little bit everything I like classical music
and i don't know a lot of i don't think i mean you don't like everything then
okay i mean i like that uh...
uh...
that theme song from platoon
yet that adagio for strings but i don't know who does that but yeah i'm sure
when they whoever wrote that
it was as happy you're calling it the theme from platoon
why i think they're dead
but that's where i know from who was it mike
yet georgio moroder that classical composer georgio i wasn't georgio moroder
No, it was a who was it? I don't know now. I need to find out theme from
Platoon
Let's see who wrote it. I don't know if it was the scene. It was the main
Thing that they're playing when I won't want to focus shot Samuel Barber. Yeah, that's it. Yeah
You like that song? Yeah
Yeah, that's a good song. Okay, you know, there's you know, there's a song. I like concerto number five by
Mozart it's a good song probably not if I heard it yeah you know this is a good
tune I like a lot of those of of all the tunes he lays down some good stuff
I don't think I know him too much I know most of it's probably by hearing
another good tune Smith Beethoven I want to check him out good song writer
I heard of him, yes.
Yeah.
Dun-dun-dun-dun-dun.
Oh, I know that one, yes.
Dun-dun-dun-dun.
Dun-dun-dun-dun-dun-dun-dun-dun-dun-dun-dun-dun.
Dun-dun-dun-dun-dun-dun-dun-dun-dun-dun-dun-dun-dun-dun-dun-dun-dun-dun-dun-dun.
Oh, I'm so close.
Go ahead with the story.
So close going.
Okay, well I'm so...
I'm packing.
Yes.
And I've probably made about 40 trips up and down the stairs with an okay floor.
Tell us about all 40 trips.
I'm sorry tell us about all 40 trips in detail. I'm kidding. I was just a lot of camping stuff
There was a there's a bar up at the corner from where we lived. It was one of those really scary bars
That didn't have a name. Okay
And every time it let out on like a Friday I started and I there's tons of crazy people out in the streets and
Crazy how old weird crazy?
Crazy crazy. I think there was some some legal activity going on there. Okay
uh... but uh...
these two people kind of ordered me was a man or woman they were given their
forty's
just trying to pack for the camping trip on exhaust at this point of the way for
about thirty-some hours
and uh... they asked me for money to get food
now there's nothing open anywhere in the neighborhood of this time of night
but you know i'm not i'm not
i'm not a rich guy but i'm also not you know so hard i've been asking people
for money in the street so i gave him ten dollars just a
so i get back in my pack and maybe get a couple hours of sleep
uh... and uh...
then they ask me but which one that which happens when they come back and
pay me back
nobody thinking
uh... i don't know about that i think i was okay i don't worry about it
it's going to be like that movie the strangers
yeah i was just another one i can say all you know by the way i'm not going
back for the fact eight days i'm going on a camping trip they'll take the
ten dollars by weird masks with it
come back in and terrorize you
right uh...
so i uh...
i just had not so big deal
got to thank you when he goes to shake my hand
and you know i mean i just
i have a problem with germs with it is true you know
he does he get offended
he gives me this look like what i don't want to take my hand i said i said
no
he said why not
and i said because i have uh... uh... you know obsessed with all of this
but i'm i'm i'm afraid of things
he said well what's that
though there i am at you know three o'clock in the morning giving a lecture
on uh... you know
psychological disorders to these two people in the street they're asking me
for money
uh... decide to uh... grab hands and and circle around me and pray for me
though there i am
standing there trying to pack for camping trip up three o'clock in the morning
now these two people have their arms around me praying for my soul
uh... that the Lord Jesus you know uh... makes me better
and i go
how did i get here you know
trying to pack
how did i get it
is what i would have done
i would say give me my ten dollars back
what
that would open up a whole new can of arms though i think
then you know you then you fight the guy
because i want to give it back you fight them
not much of a fighter i think i'm more of a classical music fan that i am a
fighter
Alright. You know what Andrew? Your top notch. Thank you Tom. I appreciate that. You have a good night. You too.
Wait, which notch is top notch? Oh no, he's bottom notch. I'm sorry. Sorry. Your bottom notch Andrew.
You know who is top notch though? You know who is top notch? Tommy Hone.
She lied in a cool, weird pose, she breathing
Try to believe I don't know it
I'm not tall, I show it
She's shot away, shaking
And I bruise, you're just a little
Even if you have to do just her
Ooh, I really must her
Cut you out low yourself up
She waits, such a crude, gone to me, dying late
She gets away, I'll wait it
Then I just can't hide it
She drives away, begin
There's a boom, boom, I'm not thinking
So that it's nails if you're taskin'
Who just over my door
Comin' and blow yourself up
Start, we don't care
Start the ball
I could stay in your eyes
My eyes fall, made me too, less so blue
She lied, in a room she made to wonder
Try to believe in a reason
Fred's inside her feelings
Coming so close, so low, and the overcast is moving
Even the need's gonna shut up
I see stars and colors, something to blow yourself up
I feel the rays of my sight
I've been seeing the sun cut down a lot
And I don't know what to do
But I think about, think about, think about you
Hurricane
And I don't know what to do
But I think about, think about, think about you
Hurricane
I'm sure I came, I'm sure I came, and I have put the clothes out of my seat
We're in you and I Look out to the crunchy old sky In the field of what I see
And think about the breeze
Let it down, help me
Cause I'll try
Everything
She's late
And I'll be alright
Hurricane
And it's hurricane
And it's hurricane
When the clouds tell me how nice
Oh
My name is Tom Sharpling, I'm the host of tonight's show a lot of exciting stuff
Mike is saying for the third hour tonight he's gonna get
Pat Robertson on very exciting the phone number two oh one two oh nine nine three
six eight oh man this raid is a lost arc movie I'm telling you that's gonna
flame out hard people are gonna be mad on that one you can't tell me that that's
That's going to be anything but a total bust.
Yeah, George Lucas all over it.
We just heard the old haunts.
Hurricane eyes from their hot new album Poisonous Times on the Kill Rock Stars label.
that out to my buddy Omar who has survived regime changes. People are people
saying where are the regimes? Where are the regime changes? Some people saying I'm
just bringing back old concepts. Here you want a new concept for the new regime?
You know the Best Show Hall of Fame?
Best Show Hall of Fame?
I'm going to go through person by person.
I'm kicking out half of the people.
I need hunger here.
Hear these lazy calls?
I'm showing up. You show up.
now you don't yell at them how dare you I got a change call screeners help me
I went out there Mike was reading guns and ammo and soldier fortune and American
Counter-Terrorist magazine.
I think he's trying to send me a message.
Let's go back to the phones.
FMU, you're on the air?
Hey, this is Josh from Brooklyn.
Josh from Brooklyn?
What part of Brooklyn are you in?
Clinton Hill?
Clinton Hill.
Yeah.
How are things in Clinton Hill?
Pretty nice.
Pretty nice.
Yeah, why not?
I like it.
You like it?
Yeah.
Good times?
Yeah, good times.
Cocaine flows like water?
Not right.
Well, actually up on the corner is like a mad center.
And it's like a methadone clinic.
OK.
And they do in the morning seem to sell some cocaine
on the corner.
But generally speaking, I'd say no, not too bad.
I saw this whole thing about Union Hall.
They were fighting to keep it open, or whatever it is.
Yeah, in Park Slope.
I knock it down.
That's what I say.
Shut it down.
take the no don't take a wrecking ball to it
i am
yes i'll put you
but they are i had something to do with
it was nois complaints or had something to do with
i heard there was there was some problem with like they wouldn't let
strollers in there or something i i actually was trying to follow that story
but i can't help with it
what are the people going to do if that bar went out
what would they do
uh...
go to one of the other ninety five hundred bars
in brooklyn yeah i mean in park slope i'm not sure what the bar seems
like in park slope there's a there's a couple nights bars i guess i i don't know i don't know
i don't know get down i like south paul a lot
yeah so do i we're not talking about south paul right now though
about closing down union hall i'm going to close it down i say you also wall in brooklyn i say
wall it in i know you're not a big fan of brooklyn i kind of like brooklyn actually i lipped him in
hand before that and i moved to brooklyn and i like it a lot
look i like things about brooklyn
plenty nice people there
people having fun
live in their lives having a good old time
and i actually i like mike too he seems like a good cause he should be
he should be around and he does it he does the best he can
you really want to get through every week don't you
i know this is uh... well no it's not the first time i called but it's uh...
It's the first time I got one for the topic.
Let's hear it.
So back in the day when we had a World Trade Center,
there was Windows on the World, which was kind of like a good hotel bar.
Did you ever go to Windows on the World?
I never did.
Well, besides that it had a great view.
It was kind of for a little while in the mid 90s.
It was sort of a fun place to hang out.
There would be good DJs there sometimes.
There's actually a couple of good bands there.
case myself spiritualize later once was pretty fun
but it was kind of like a cool place to go sometimes
and always had the weirdest mix of people there
like a good hotel bar does like
strange businessmen and
some kind of hipsters and just like a mix of every
sure
and uh...
i can't remember what was going on there there must have been some
somebody dee jang some reason why i went there and
I just remember all night, I kept on looking at this guy who was walking around the bar
with a giant parrot on his shoulder, you know, like we're in a nice suit, cruising around
this bar with a parrot on it, but this parrot...
Nice.
You jerk.
Toilet mouth.
Toilet mouth.
Sewer language.
Wall it in. Wall in Brooklyn.
If these toilet mouths let them pollute each other.
Their foul language.
Yeah.
Well, what do they think this is, uh, Al Goldstein?
Look, this is the Ron Jeremy show?
No, it's a family program.
Guy complaining to go with a parrot.
Yeah, a parrot, trust me, that parrot wasn't crazy about you either.
Ah, what a jerk.
Nice job, toilet mouth.
FM, you're on the air.
yeah I wanted to tell you my how did I get here and what's your name Ryan Ryan
where are you calling from Flanders New Jersey Flanders New Jersey how are things
in Flanders tonight they're all right not a whole lot's going on to go back
yeah let's hear oh I lived in Korea for a year okay and I went to an area town
There's a lot of foreigners and we went drinking all night.
Yeah, you mean Americans?
Yeah, well, there are foreigners, Americans, Australians, British, anywhere.
So we went drinking all night, and the subway shut down from two to six, I think.
So it's like four-thirty in the morning.
What are we sitting like, what are we going to do?
So two of us were still around, and we went to separate brothels.
After I get to my I don't want to hear this go we went to separate brothels
What is this?
What's going on here, how did I end up here?
That's it. I'm I'm done
I'm done. I
Need this so much less than you need it. I need this so much less than you need it
You can't do better than me, but I can do better than you.
If I'm you, you're on the air.
Do not knock the brothels.
What?
Do not knock the brothels. Who is this?
It's Paul.
Paul.
Yes.
I'm not placing it.
From your volleyball team?
Oh, okay.
It's actually one of the first times I've listened to the show.
Oh, how you doing, Paul?
I'm, you know, not great.
I'm having a good night.
Not really.
Hey, I'm not trying to be a pastor or anything, but I noticed you didn't bring that book to volleyball last night, like I asked you to.
You know what, I am very sorry.
You're absolutely right.
I said I would, and I didn't.
really need that book Tom. I mean I told you what's going on right? But Gwen. Yeah. Gwen
leading me like two days ago and I'm just going nuts here. Well you know I got a say
Paul you know like well that that is kind of it's kind of you're doing it's kind of
on you. Well marriage is a two way street you know that right I mean I'll be the first
admit i've i've i've done some bad stuff uh... yeah i i who i i would say i would
say on that yet with the last thing what's that supposed to mean uh... you
you know
the stuff you've told me i would take an hour for me to uh...
to it's kind of
uh... to re uh... re uh... recapitulated to you right well that's why i need that
book i need a book so badly
now
can i can i ask you something about this book
you know
why do you why do you think that this book is so important i mean just it
it's called uh...
the new rules for marriage how to keep your relationship hot in the nineteen
seventies
i mean like it how
how do you think that that's going to help you well
what i thought
you like on your on your bookshelf it just kind of spoke to me you know and
and i
i've started skimmett and it just kind of i don't know i just really hit home a
lot of stuff and it just
you know kind of made sense to me and spoke to me that's why i can't find it
anywhere, otherwise I'd buy it, but that's why I wanted you to bring it.
Well, you know that I mean, I bought that book for a nickel at a garage sale last year.
And I got to say, the main reason I bought it is because the cover looks kind of stupid.
You know, it's got these two super 70s looking people on the cover, kind of like, well they
can't help out a lot of the guy the guy is clearly supposed to be uh...
like Bjorn Borg
and the woman's
she has to be someone modeled on lonnie anderson
did kind of look like right there maybe that's what kind of
and maybe attracted me to the book so i mean i i i guess i bought it as as a
goof
really yeah
uh... well
some notes from it stuff that kind of look interesting
there's a lot of goods good stuff in there
do you know where they have asked meetings in new bridge
asked yeah
you mean like the the thing from the uh... yeah from from the seventies
i get you yeah it seems cool
yeah i don't think they did i don't think anybody does ask any more
really
okay so i don't care well
scratch crud
crossed that off
uh... well do you do you know if uh...
the new bridge video den has um...
hang on i wrote these down
uh... movies um...
uh...
carnal knowledge
uh... bob and carol and ted and allis
and looking for mister good bars
those are all movies
do you know if they have them
because it says in the book that those are things that that couple should
should watch and they can learn from them
i would i would seriously doubt that they would have them at the video store
and Margaret's in one of them
he's in that carnal knowledge
supposed to be hot stuff in that
she's still tasty i think
even in those grumpy pants movies
grumpy pants the old guys
grumpy old men yet jack lennon what's his name jack lemon
i think it's lennon
i'm positive it's lemon he's related to john lemon he's not at all
related to john lennon
Well anyway getting back to the book it also said in there that couples should
do more activities together you know kind of have common you know bonds and
things that they like to do together and that I guess that helps weave the
tapestry of a good relationship and it had a lot of good suggestions for what
we could have fun doing. Do you know where I can get a CB radio in Newbridge?
what because it was recommended in that book yeah yeah you know I don't know I
don't think there's any kind of CB outlets in Newbridge okay well um where
do you and Jillian go jogging you know we really don't jog you don't know oh
<E.D.> gee I'm striking out here you know Newbridge still has that world hockey
hockey team said that like the world hockey league was was like a happening
I mean not the the new bridge hockey sticks yeah yeah no that they they went
out of business in like 1979 well you know maybe the book isn't the best idea
yeah I would agree with that I don't think you think so a book that's kind of
out of date yeah 70s like that might not be the best idea for you to kind of
Okay, we'll invigorate your marriage. Okay. Well, don't bring it then. Okay. Don't don't bring it tomorrow morning before work
We play volleyball again. Okay. Um, you know, I think it's gonna work though. What's that?
We now tongue tied. I get when I'm nervous and stuff. Uh-huh. Yeah, definitely like do you remember when I had to give that speech at that sales meeting?
And I just I stood up there at the podium for like five inches going
That was you said five minutes the only thing I would disagree with that was
more it was probably more like 10 or 15 minutes was it that long yeah that was
rough I was sweating so much yeah you know I was sweating oh yes no one else
knows I was sweating I mean did they I gotta say yes everybody knows not
she'll uh... the children ever comment on my
you know i i don't remember if he specifically did but a lot of people
did notice
i'm sorry
jesus well anyway
once again for the hundredth time thank you for helping me out on that
that's not
i really kind of um...
as it's more than helping you out
i kind of did the speech for you
well it was a great speech uh-huh yeah the one of the one i gave
was that was uh...
great speech i guess it's a you know i
uh...
you know nobody had any idea what you were kinda
doing up there
well i know my
my penmanship
i've been told before many times it leaves a little bit to be desired
yeah i mean
it was it was a little more
and those were those were those even words written on your paper
no
well what what word they then they were like weird little
scribbly
well like i said you know i can't really express myself with words so i i
drop pictures
uh... and then when i when i like stand up there and say them
it makes it look like i'm actually reading the words but i'm just actually
like
saying what the pictures say
you're saying what the pictures are saying the pictures yeah
the paper okay yeah so that's kind of what i was doing that kind of what i'm
always doing whenever i'm like if i ever have to speak in front of one
so you and i'm doing like a speech uh-huh so you really don't know how to write
or read will define
how well like when you see words and things that they
you're not very good with them i know their words uh-huh
so it is yeah so it's kind of must have taken you a long time staring at that
book to figure out some of this stuff
like it like you were able to kind of
it takes me a while i mean you saw me standing there i stand there for like
four hours i had no idea what you were doing that what you think i was doing
i was just kind of standing still for four hours i've actually got it
i didn't even think to to uh...
i didn't even think that you were looking at one thing trying to
just interpret words from it right well you know
so you must look at it go like jaw jogging like you see that word right
how do you figure out that that's jogging it's just like i said it takes
well takes me like on average it takes me about forty two passes through each
word to get it sort of
really did you just figure out one like jogging when you saw that yeah
yeah i don't know if i just always had trouble with it but you know what jogging
is of course i do yeah and then you just have to keep running the word through
exactly yeah finally makes sense okay
yeah
well i mean look i i
reading is something maybe you might want to
learn it you know can i do how
how on earth did you even
you know you'd
how did you get through school and let alone get a job that consolidated
cardboard
all well
you know every grade
uh... from first you know all the high school uh...
i'd here's what i do you know i i knew that i wasn't getting that
and it was too hard to do yeah
learning learning
learning was too hard yet so i'd pretend to either get hurt on a piece of gym
apparatus
or i'd say that i found a rat or a snake in my lunch
and then my daddy would threaten to sue the school
yeah and they just passed me along
rather than face a lawsuit
like a false lawsuit
well no
defined false
uh... did you actually see a rat or a snake in your lunch
okay well that would make it false okay
well and in regards to college
you know the old myth about
you know getting passed along at your college roommate dies
that's not a myth
really yeah
that's how
the to do it at uh...
university of new bridge state
up until two thousand
so when you were at the school had you graduated from that four years yeah
so over the course of that's eight
semesters
all of your roommates died yeah
so tragic
like heh heh
how did they die
well you know since i'm i'm so bad with words and stuff and you're so good with
them
uh...
i want to help you to help me with something
whoa whoa what do you need help with i want you to be my sergio the burger
back
sergio the burr
sergio the burger back yeah
well what what is that wait what
it you've all those books on that big bookshelf and you've never heard you
never heard this
but the story
of what
sergio the burger back as one of the greatest stories of all time
sergio the burger back i have no idea what you're talking about well i guess
it's how i took you to school
okay
okay please
please tell me about sergeo the burger but okay
well what the content of the guy in germany
uh... and he was like me like really hot and stuff
real good-looking great at volleyball
and he was totally in love with his princess
she was like the princess of like
of germany
okay the princess of germany yet but he didn't know what to say to her
okay so he gets it this hideous friend of his sergeo he's like a humpback
and i guess the hump was in the shape of a hand burger
so that's why they called him that sergio the burger back
okay yeah and so sergio he was what he was like really elegant
you know he'd like he talked really good
elegant
he was elegant
you mean the guy with the humpback
he was elegant
yeah well eloquent
what's that
you said he talked really well yeah it was elegant
that's eloquent
i don't think so you know i'd never mind just to go on with the story of
sergeo the burger back okay so sergeo he'd stand in the bushes
and he'd feed the hot guy these awesome lines and then the princess fell in
love with them okay and uh... the princess and the hot guy they ended up
kind of living happily ever after and they had a lot of sex and stuff
uh... well it now
sir
syreno
the birds iraq
what is that
it's the story you just told not sir
you said sergio with the
where did you get that story from
that's not how that story goes
well you know what you're probably thinking of
what's that there was a movie that they made out a story that sting wrote it's
called rock fan
no sting did not write that
if he did
no well it's a movie that's called greener grill
i don't even have to ask him my his name is my carol i don't even have to ask
him
there's
there was a steve martin movie
i don't think it was steve martin was marty feldman
it was not it was no it was definitely marty felden because
in in that movie that the hot guys like a fireman or something
and sergio has a weird eye
well no that's not the thing it was steve martin and he had a
weird nose you're making that up
now i'm not making that up well anyway will you do it for me
do what
be my sergeo
no
why
because i'd
because i you're so good at coming up with stuff to say to people though
i it's not my place i know but my marriage is over if if if you don't
feed me good lines to say that to gwen
i don't know what to tell you i'm not comfortable doing that i need to get
her back
uh-huh i mean i know she's all she's always nitpicking at me but i i
meter
uh...
you know what her biggest
one of the biggest problems is with me
those home fireworks kids
mhm he said they're too dangerous to have around the kids
yeah i would probably agree with that why
because they exploded those four times
yeah i would have had something to do with it
so that i'm that there's no way i'm doing
i ain't no paul i'm really not comfortable with this
well she brought the other stuff that she doesn't like to uh...
like how i skipped her father's funeral so i could wait online at baby footlocker
yeah
and i need to get a young lindsey lohan to autograph my copy of the mentors
album you asked for it
uh... wait remember what she was in town promoting the parent trap
vaguely yeah and and that you
you got her to autograph
that the mentors you know sicky white beater
yet yeah i do the mentors yet
and you got
you've got her so you you are also into that collecting of things that are
there's a whole market for you know that he just learned about it last week
from who
uh... some guy called not bill yes the same was built up
he called and he was talking about my rival in that in that world in that
okay getting people to sign things that are not um... yeah
that not actually related to them
he he has a good one he just got so mad
what is it
uh... you know who who coach dean smith was you know from the
he coach the uh... the basketball team the tar heels and sure i thought he got
him to find uh... a uh... copy of uh... what's it called it's it's uh...
the the yoko oh no album
Is it called season and glance or something?
Seasons of glass.
Yeah, yeah.
OK, so he got her, he got Dean Smith.
Yeah.
A basketball coach to sign a Yoko Ono album.
Yeah, yeah.
OK, and that makes it somehow more collectible.
Absolutely, yeah.
Gosh, you know some guy in Japan's paying like 30 grand for that.
I don't know that that's so mad.
We know one of Gwen's biggest peeps is probably the biggest
Steve sure what what what is it? You're gonna believe this she says that I have no concept of money and I spent way too much of it
Mm-hmm. Well you do. No, I don't you you you definitely do. How do I do that?
What have you ever heard of me doing this like you were just talking about when you went?
What was the thing you took it? You sent a roses like a bouquet of roses? Mm-hmm over in like a town car
driven by hulk hogan yeah what not awesome
he's actually delivering them right now
well that
that's insane well you know i've never felt that when respected me
and who commands more respect than the holster
i mean someone argue that rando savage does but i don't think that that's
that's quite so randal savage yeah
who's randal savages a wrestler
a randy so okay yes that's right what are you calling randy sat macho man
rote show show them respect it's randal savage
i'm sorry i only knew him as a randy savage
you know but the hulkster respected me enough to do this so when in turn
after respect me right uh... hahaha
i would say that uh...
the hulkster as you call them probably respected the fact that uh... you were
paying him
they're like how much did you pay him
uh... we don't need to get into that do we
but just it just uh...
i'm just curious how much did you pay hulk hogan twenty seven thousand
thousand dollars and and airfare
uh... first-class
uh... i also had to furnish him with a new sleeveless tuxedo
uh... yeah
okay so you had to pay hulk hogan
to do all that stuff yeah
you want to know what paul if i gotta say if this is how your brain
processes stuff
then you might not have any business being married to anyone don't say that
oh gee hey
yeah i just got but she's she's calling myself on right now
she must have gotten the flowers
i know she's going to be completely excited she's going to want me back i
know it
i'll have you on my work line i'm at the office right now shredding some
reams
yeah what
It's got so what I don't want to be a part of this okay
Well, I'll have her on myself. Please come on if you do this for me
I'll buy you something super cool like I like a lawnmower or like a Leroy Neiman
Painting mm-hmm. I'll get it signed by anybody
Call somebody's calling me. Oh jeez. It's like when is it?
No, it's not. Oh good. Okay. Sorry about that. Hey, well, I'll just play like I have to sneeze every time I tell you
what she says that'll work right so you're gonna pretend to sneeze yeah yeah
and then I'll pull I'll pull the phone away and then I'll talk to you for a
second I really don't want it right now here she is okay hang on hey Gwen like
the flowers what was your favorite stop yelling hey was the holster mean to
to you. He didn't manhandle you, did he? No, don't. Seriously, don't worry about how much
it costs, Quinn. I just don't, I only wish I could have been there to see that look on
your face when the Hulkster presented you with those flowers. You must have been radiant.
Wait, what? It wasn't the Hulkster? Hold on, I really have to sneeze.
What?
You're never going to believe this.
What's that?
It sounds like I'm, I might have gotten ripped off.
Oh, there's a shocker.
She says it was just some fat guy in a headband and wrestling tights.
I knew I should have hired Randall Savage.
So, what do you want me to do?
Well, she wants, she's adamant that I tell her how much it costs and I think if she knows
how much it costs and she'll be really mad
what should i do
i don't know why i guess
come up with something
i mean do you have to be a do you think
maybe you should just be honest with her and then tell her that you're trying to
that you realize that this is something that's a concern to her
and maybe you care about her so much that it makes you do these things are
hang on
Hey, Gwen, seriously, don't worry about how much it costs.
It's really nothing.
The important thing is that I've shown you
how much you mean to me and how much I love you.
Or don't say, hang on, I really just sneeze again.
The pollen is terrible here in the office.
Hey, Tom?
Yeah.
She really wants to know where I got the money.
Well, here's the thing.
I actually withdrew it from this account that she set up.
yeah to take care of her parents when they get all-timers disease
old-timer alzheimer yeah okay it's when you get all you don't know nothing yeah
uh... which i do
i guess you'd probably have to tell her the truth
at this point
do you think no
just tell her i mean she'll respect that right
well i think that too
i think she just has to know it at least if you see you stole money from her
It will define stealing you took it without telling her yeah, why okay? Well, that's wrong. Well
Okay, I'll come I'll come clean. Okay. Yeah, tell just tell her I don't know tell her you took the money
You know that you know that you did take it okay, but you're gonna you're gonna pay it back up. You're really sorry about it
Okay, hang on. Okay
What am I still going
listen honey, here's
I'm going to come clean, okay?
I got the money by winning a watermelon carrying contest.
Yeah, you know, they stack these watermelons on your arms,
and whoever can hold the most, they win $27,000.
And I held 11 of them.
What?
We hang on.
Hey, Tom?
Yeah.
She said that she finds it really interesting that that's exactly how much was in that
bank account.
What am I going to say to her now?
You know, what?
You're crazy.
No, I'm not.
You really are.
I'm in love.
No, you're sociopathic at this point.
No, I'm not.
So you stole it.
I get along with everybody.
No, you stole this money from her and you won't admit it.
i mean look if they are the only thing i tell you that you've damaged this
relationship
pro-head
you have
by stealing money and lying and going to like a lindsey low-hand signing during
a family emergency
and all this stuff
you're not picking
i'm not nitpicking these are huge things what should i do wish i tell her
this is it you know i don't know if it's the final one i guess how are you
lost your mind then because that sounds like it would that sounds like the
truth actually
you know and that you you
promise you'll you'll make all the stuff right and maybe like seek help and
stuff and like
you try to get my life back on track exactly
that's like a good plan
or hang on
take
gwen sweetie
look i
i'm going to fully come clean now i
i lied to you
I mean, I've been lying for a long time, and I think you know that, and I'm just so sorry.
And, um, basically, here's what happened, all right.
Tom Sharpling told me to take out that money that you reserved for the care of your sweet mama and papa.
That's not true.
Yeah, Tom, from Volleyball.
Stop.
Yeah, he's the guy that looks like a cross between Kim-Chim from Speed Racer,
the bassist from the Atlanta rhythm section, and the elephant man had he really let himself go to seed.
Hey, Paul. Paul, stop.
He forced me to do it. He's the saddest. He's positively draculian.
What is he saying?
Draculian. I don't even know what to...
No, like, like in the days of Dracula, what's Draconian?
I don't know what that is. No. This guy is... Well, do you know what he does to us,
the guys on the team? He makes us slap each other's bare bottoms with towels while he
He stands over top of us and did it.
No, no, no, stop!
What is...
Oh, he hung up.
What is wrong with that guy?
How did I end up here?
How?
Can you believe that, Mike?
I gotta get out of that job.
I really gotta get out of that volleyball league.
About what?
No!
None of it's true.
That guy was a liar.
Why would you even believe him for a second?
The details.
How dare you?
Oh my God.
I don't know what to do anymore.
surrounded by crazies
yes thank you at least he's not running for mayor
at least he's not running for mayor
that's the only thing i will be grateful for
you gotta take it a little small
small small little uh...
Whoa, what am I looking for?
Here, word wise.
I guess I'm looking for solace in the small things.
That's the worst thing when you're grateful
for things that could be infinitely worse,
rather than them being better.
The phone number 201, 209, 9368 here on WFMU.
My name is Tom Sharpling, taking you through till 11 PM, 32 minutes left in the show.
Check this out.
Alright, 201-209-9368. FMU, you're on the air.
Hi, this is Garth in Brooklyn.
Garth in Brooklyn, how are you?
Good, how are you?
Doing okay?
got a sort of medicine going on with the show of how did i get here
what i do for a guard i got i got one for the topic let's hear it
uh... this is uh... a little more liberal-minded i was uh...
when first got to the city
i
was uh...
maybe six years ago
i lived up in a story out
and the friend of mine worked at the theater that
having some kind of opening night party
at some of really obnoxious hipster club in uh... the village
and uh... you know i was poor and you have any money and it was a free party
and had an open bar and so i thought oh great you know
i thought i should really take advantage of this uh...
and you know he
drank as much as i could drink
and uh...
you know i really just got hammered and i got on the train
going home after the bar closed and I got on the train at Union Square and I'm on my
way north towards Astoria and the next thing I remember I'm walking down Coney Island Avenue
in Brooklyn and I literally thought how did I get here and I didn't even know that we
know where Coney Island Avenue was and I was walking down the street with no memory of
how I got there. Hmm. Very interesting. You know what I would say? You know how
you got there? You got there, but you were drunk. Get off my phone. It's like I
thinking. Have I'm you? You're on the air. Hey Tom, how's it going? It's going
right. Who's this? This is Phil from Pittsburgh. Phil from Pittsburgh. How are
things in Pittsburgh tonight. A little bit cold. You know the spring is here. Yep. I just want
to add to the the topic for tonight. That's all right. Please do. All right. It's how did I get
here. I mean, I understood I heard it before the stories and for me, it's just I don't know the
day keeps repeating for me. It all started in about February. I work in TV and I was I was covering
this event in Pennsylvania and this blizzard happened in the middle of the middle of the
house.
Guys doing the plot the groundhog day.
Fill.
That's sick.
Oh, the other thing I said I went to the sprint store today as I'm going in as I'm going
into the store this is a car passes me
like a uh... like not a car like a uh... like a uh...
like a uh... like a Ford Explorer
and uh... these two guys are up front and they roll down the window i hear
I hear as they roll down the window, the one guy goes like, ask him, ask him.
And then the passenger side guy says to me, hey buddy, you want to buy a home entertainment
system?
Now they have, let me just say, Pennsylvania plates on this car, on this Ford Explorer.
Do I want to buy a home entertainment system?
Sure, buy it from the back of an out-of-state
Forexplorer?
From two creepy-looking guys?
Sure.
I love home entertainment.
And I said, nah, I'm OK.
And the guy goes, yeah, because we got an extra one.
So that's alright. Good luck selling it.
Sick. FM you're on the air.
Hey Tom, how are you doing? I'm doing alright. Who's this?
It's Mike from Manhattan. Mike from Manhattan.
What can I do for you, Mike? I got something for the topic. Oh, let's hear it.
Well, basically, how did I get here? I could never want to actually
be that into video game. But a couple of weeks, you know, you had a topic
I was never that much in the video games Tom, but now I'm actually the owner of a PS3.
I got my own clam as of a few days ago and I'm yelling at kids online, tearing it up.
Yeah, you sound like you're really tearing it up.
Yeah, you know what it is?
Your future.
Oh
You know what our you know what our name is the couch breakers
Great so you went all the way with it you wait you took the most insulting name that was that name was a put down
You're embracing it
Games are you playing call of duty for call of duty for me? Yeah, that's the only one you need. That's great
You know, it's actually people in an actual war right now. You're aware of that, right?
Actually getting shot at
Yeah, I've been reading about in the economist. Yeah
Just so quick with a machine gun. Why don't you go over there and see how you do?
Well, I mean unless
The Iraqi army's like head here old kids out in the Midwest. I'm not too interested. Yeah
I got I can't like really, you know talk trash to them. Mm-hmm
Do I want to join?
Yeah.
Let me think.
You know what?
Yes, I do.
We need a celebrity spokesperson.
Yeah.
Okay.
I'll do it.
Buy me a PS3 and I'll join.
Awesome.
Okay.
Send it to the radio station.
You got it.
Okay.
Sorry.
Yeah.
You have a great night.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, Tom.
This is Spoonen Brooklyn.
How are you doing?
Who is this?
Spoonen Brooklyn.
Spoonen.
How are you tonight, Spoonen?
Doing good, Tom. Are you I'm doing great? That's great. Well, I have something for the topic. Oh, what do you got?
Spoonie. Well, a little story. I went to the art Institute of Pittsburgh and around the corner from school
There was this little bar and girly say hang out in
Nice little place and I kind of developed like a rapport with a grow cook there and
You know going after school we talk about
Music to bother and things like that. Well years ago by I move out of Pittsburgh and I go back to visit a friend
We split up that night, we go in different ways, and at the end of the night, he's not
home when I get back from the bar.
So I'm kind of walking on, this was like 2000, 2001, night on the cell phone.
So I'm walking around looking for a payphone, and I run to this grill cook, you know, how
are you doing?
I see you again, tell him I play, and he says, well, look, I live around the corner,
why don't you come back to my place, I'm going to hang out, I don't have a bad or a couch
or anything like that.
He'd sleep on the floor, and it's better than the cold.
I agree.
You go upstairs.
His apartment is nothing but Nazi propaganda.
Really?
Like the flags.
He starts to own his collection.
Like he's got like an authentic Hillary Youth dagger and a uniform and lots of little pins.
He starts telling me like details about his life that I didn't know.
Like he's off of a snot drink anymore.
He's on anti-psychotics.
Great.
His girlfriend's letting him visit his kid again.
I was it was like that we'll be falling down where Michael Douglas goes in the back of it that the army neighbors
Or yeah, that's not what store and that a Frederick Forest is going that yeah you and me where alike yeah think about it
Yeah, I think I like trying to you know trying my measuring my feet for boots. Oh my god, but how did you get out of there?
Hi, I
Was patient I kind of centered myself. I smiled and I did you offered me tea. We drank tea
Oh, is he cultured?
Yeah, civilized Nazi and we watched the movie. He had lots of documentaries on World War
Two.
Of course.
Braveheart, glad we watched Rapper Stomper. And he was a little into that movie but in
the wrong direction.
Yeah.
So I finished my tea after the movie. I said, like every time Russell Crowe beat on some
and he's like, he's like, cheered him on.
Yeah, I'm just looking at my feet, sipping my teeth.
And then you slowly walked backwards.
As soon as the movie was over, I thanked him very much
and my friend is probably home.
But I need to get going.
Thank you for your hospitality, sir.
I don't think my feet touched the stairs
that ran down them.
Well played, Sponey.
And a great call.
Thank you.
Have a nice time.
You too.
If I'm you, you're on the air.
a comic paul again
paul ok hahaha how are you doing
uh... i think that around that i i i'm back to the point we just agreed to be
lovers from from your own you know
yeah
i'd uh... i don't like that
hey i forgot to ask you i'll see you on on saturday right
uh... i don't know what what's on saturday there's not a game on saturday
i told you about saturday
no
my pancake potluck
you're what
pancake potluck
your pancake potluck
i'm running for mayor of the bridge rate
so you uh... you are running for mayor and hahahaha
does gwen know about this
not really
unless he's looking to show which i doubt she is because it's not good anymore
what's not good anymore
the shows not good anymore
that's what i've been hearing and that's okay
you you've heard that it's not good anymore like what complaints have you
heard
all kinds of things
not or not uh... entertaining anymore
one that's one yeah
kind of redundant
very yeah the voice modulator thing is really not
something that anyone like uh-huh okay
well best of luck with your election paul
well thanks i'm gonna win i know i will i have
you know what best of luck
i don't need it
okay
Have a good night.
Okay, I'll see you tomorrow morning at volleyball.
Yeah, okay.
Fourth or third?
Yep, I'll be there.
Right, right.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi, Tom.
Hi, who's this?
This is Bonnie.
Bonnie, how are you?
I'm good, how are you?
I'm okay, congratulations.
Thank you.
Thank you for sending me a nice invitation
to your graduation party.
Well, yeah, I didn't want to be, like, assuming or anything.
But I sent an invitation to all of these famous people
that I really like, that figured it wouldn't hurt, you know?
Like, who else did you send?
What are the famous people?
Well, I sent one to you, and John Worcesters,
and Christopher Buckley, and Josh Groban, and Matthew
great googler
that you can't googler
math you're a googler that they can't googled
no he's like
you've got to be that famous
i like them
uh... he's on the show criminal mind
and he's on a couple of um...
what
what shows the on
criminal mind criminal must he's an actor on the show
matthew great googler
great g r
a y
matthew great googler
kind of a weird last name
did he change it when google came around
like to be like it like so people would google
him when they typed in googler
he would come up
so
it's not googler is a googler
googler
G-U-B-L-E-R.
Okay.
So did anybody show up at it?
Did Josh Grobman show up at your graduation party?
No, unfortunately not.
Happy graduation!
That would be so awesome.
It didn't happen, and I didn't really think it happened,
but it wouldn't hurt, so.
I couldn't get there in time.
I got a flat.
I pulled in just as the party was ending.
i was probably in bed actually went to bed and there are still people here
i was just like thanks for coming
i'm sleeping
what time
did you go to bed
well i was uh...
it was like ten thirty and i was really i have monoun
i'm really tired
and i had to go work the next morning so i can have a party pooper
how you feeling now low energy
Yeah, very much so, but I can't, I don't have time to be tired or anything, because I got a lot of stuff to get done, so.
Yeah, I had mono once, not easy.
No, not really.
Alright.
You know.
So, I had a good presence.
Anybody give you a good presence?
Um, money.
How much money did you get?
I got enough to get a laptop for a school this fall.
That's really good.
What kind of laptop are you going to get?
I have no idea.
My brother's got a deal.
I think he's had some problems with it.
I think the reason he got it is because he had a really good warranty or something.
But yeah, if you have any computer advice or know anybody, even those computers,
and I'll gladly be open to any advice that I know of, nothing.
What people might not know is that your brother is part
of the best show on WFMU history.
So what?
He's part of the history of this show.
Your brother, your brother.
He is responsible for one of the all-time greatest
moments in the history of this show.
I know who would have sunk it.
why don't you tell everybody if you don't mind what your brother is
responsible for
what was it again
i've forgotten
get ready to meet my little friend
that we need to meet my little friend
he called up and said
that was his favorite movie quote
i've got to say you're how that's like the world tenon bombs
in your house
i'm coming down
i gotta meet this family
yeah i think we pretty often
we haven't written any book for started any
companies or anything but
we obviously don't know our scarface either but that's true
you know that's good though that movie stinks
what are you doing watching that i can agree with what your brother doing
watching that uh... violent filth
I was very disappointed when I saw that.
I don't know, I was expecting something really great
because I see teachers and beach towels and boosters.
Yeah.
And I was very disappointed.
I was like, man, this is it.
This is kind of not that great.
Not good at all.
Oh, Bonnie, congratulations on your graduation.
And I have to say, you're a top-notch caller.
One thing, so did you want to hear my topic?
Yes.
Or not my topic, my contribution to the topic.
Let's hear it.
Let's hear it.
OK, it's short.
But OK, one big, how did I get here again,
was at, I went to a Montreal show.
And I listened to their music, but I'd never really seen
pictures of them live or seen videos of them live.
I went to the show, and I was like in the very front.
And it was quite a show, and it was very surreal.
And I was like, how did I get here?
these guys and cut off shorts and fishnet tights. I mean it was awesome but it was like am I
dreaming or is this real or you know? That's a weird band. What are you doing and seeing that stuff?
Oh I like them music pretty well. Yeah nothing more wholesome to listen to down there.
Um not really. No good shows. No long groups like that. No good vocal groups.
No good shows.
No good shows.
Yeah, there are very few shows in Atlanta of all places that I didn't want to go see.
You don't see those good wholesome things?
The four freshmen?
The what?
The four freshmen?
Go to forefreshman.com and check it out.
Okay.
The Letterman?
No.
That's real music.
Okay.
I'll definitely keep them in mind.
Thanks Bonnie.
Thank you Tom.
Have a good night.
Okay.
Bye.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey Thomas, Dan and Hoboken, how you doing?
Dan and Hoboken, how are you?
Good, how you doing tonight?
Doing alright, what can I do for a young man?
I got something for the topic.
Let's hear it.
This is a pretty big one, but so coming out of college a couple of years ago I wanted
to write or edit, do something like that.
So I took a job with a hospital working on their newsletter
because nothing else was here.
I kind of wanted to do something a little more creative,
but nothing else was really coming along.
But that was a pretty good job, and it was a steady paycheck.
So I put it in about a little bit over a year there,
and then all of a sudden, you know,
with my eye towards moving on something more creative
or something a little more wanted to do.
And then about a little over a year later,
I got a different offer from a different hospital for doing kind of the same thing
but a little higher up.
So I took that offer and this is about six months ago and all of a sudden I'm in meetings
for where we're going to put the new parking lot and what's who's covering the night staffing
and things like that.
I don't think myself just, how did this happen?
I'm boring me this you're in the middle of the most boring meetings ever. Yeah, but it meetings
But also of nothing that I have first of all any knowledge about I don't know anything about hospital administration
I don't know anything about anything about that. I just wanted to write and things and
All of a sudden I'm basically in hospital administration. That's my field. I'm just saying what even happened
How did you get out? I just gave my two-week notice about a week ago
Good for you. And I'll be unemployed, but it's better than working there.
Live your dream. We'll see. I'll do my best.
What's the dream, though, right now? If you could press a button and you'd be doing it, what would it be?
It would be writing. I would like to write books, but I would also kind of like the right on the side as well.
But that's what I'd like to do, but unfortunately... I'll get to it!
I will, thank you.
Start writing.
Now.
I will.
Right now.
Literally right now.
Start.
Thanks, Tom.
No, this second.
I want to hear you start.
I'm outside.
So I can't start this second.
But I will.
If I get back.
You have a pen on you?
I don't.
I don't.
You have any sharp object?
Carbon into your arm.
Start writing a sentence.
The...
Write the...
Okay.
No.
You have a good night.
So I'm reading this book the other day called comedy at the edge how stand-up in
the 1970s changed America and it kind of documents all the comedians that came
through the 70s, doing stand up. Now I've got to say, I know people might disagree. Stand
up seems like the easiest thing in the world. Just reading this thing, I'm sure I could
do this. This is what I would say. First time, if someone would book me at a show, and like
a two thousand seat theater it would give and then give me a week I could
probably have like 45 minutes of material that would just demolish the
audience I mean I'm looking at this list of people who are like kings of
stand-up like Robert Klein people wanted that back in the 70s that has to be
like the equivalent of there only being three channels on your TV set. You ended up with
it. You didn't want it. It was just the only thing there for you. Robert Klein. Gabe Kaplan
is in here. Not, uh, he does not, uh, dominate the book. But just the idea that Gabe Kaplan,
The guy came up with six jokes, sold a sitcom, never set foot on stage again.
That show was good though.
The sweat hogs.
Which sweat hog did you like the most, Mike?
Horschach?
Woe jahoeits?
No, that's Barney Miller.
W.B. Carter.
I'm serious.
This stand up, I would say, one week and I could dominate that profession.
No offense to the people I know who do stand up and who have worked hard at it.
Who? Gary Meildeer is not in the book. George Carlin's in it. That guy's the worst. Richard
Pryor is terrible. Can I just tell you guys like a performance artist? I mean a comedian,
He's doing characters.
It's like Miranda July.
He's like the Miranda July of the 70s.
Doing characters on stage.
Who wants that?
Toilet mouth.
George Carlin.
Yeah, it's weird.
Everything's weird.
Words.
Just love words so much.
I'm uploaded and down loaded.
Like when he does that stuff.
Weird words.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi Tom, this is Liz.
Liz from 60647.
That sounds like Chicago.
That is.
Do I know this Liz?
We've done this already, haven't we?
A little.
Yeah.
How are you tonight Liz?
I'm good.
What can I do for you?
I got a little something for the topic.
I think I kind of teamed in late, but I think I understand it.
Let's hear it.
OK, how did I get here?
It was my freshman year of college,
and I was going to school in Indiana University of Bloomington
in the late mid to late 80s.
And REM was on tour, and I had arrived on campus
about a couple of days earlier and didn't have time
to get a ticket for the show, and I was kind of bummed out
walking around with my friends, and we just kind of found ourselves at the place where
the show was happening.
This was, I think, the document tour, yeah, I think that was the album.
And so we were kind of bummed out, just hanging around the building, just kind of like sitting
on the steps and trying to figure out how to kill time, having fun doing nothing.
And I said, God, I really wish I could get inside, and I was hanging on the door, and
I pulled, and the door just blew open.
open. And I was like, no way. So I run inside. My friends are like, wait. And for some reason
we immediately get separated from each other. And they're like looking for me. And I get
caught by this, I think I'm sneaking around. I don't know where I am. I'm like, you know,
backstage and kind of lost in all these hallways. And this big guy stops me and he's like,
Where are you going?"
And I said, I'm sorry, I don't know how I got here.
I didn't have a ticket.
I was looking for my friend, and he's like, I'm going to show you what R.E.M.
due to their fans that sneak backstage.
And he leads me down this hallway.
And people are kind of like nodding at him as I walk by, and I'm just like, oh my God,
I'm fine, but too, like what are they going to do to me?
And he opens the door and pushes me in and all my friends are there in the front row
and they let us sneak in and watch the concert from the front row.
But the guy had to sell it in some weird way.
I'm going to show you what happens.
They get in!
Thank you, Liz.
Thank you.
Great story.
F.M.U.
You're on the air.
Hey Tom, how's it going?
It's Frank from We Haulkin.
Frank from We Haulkin.
What can I do for you, Frank?
Well, I got a little topic for tonight. It's a little silly. I we don't do new topics
It's three minutes left on the show. This guy's throwing a new topic in front of me
How dare you?
And my flying we hawking we're on the big stage here
Jersey City
You've got a Colgate clock out there and we hawking I didn't think so FM you you're on the air
Hey Tom. I got one for the topic. Oh, let's hear it
Uh, uh, last week, uh, though this was Mike from Marston, and uh, last week I kind of
felt like I had like a stalker at the end there, that guy was, he's really liking my
calls and he's usually pretty lackluster, only really had one good call on the show
ever.
Okay.
Yeah, you only have had one good call on the show.
Yeah.
Including this one.
Head off my phone.
No time. I'm going down the home stretch. I got these guys. These guys are like, I'm running, I'm a horse.
What's that horse's name? Who's winning all this stuff?
What's it? Old Brown? I'm like Old Brown. I got these guys hanging on my tail. I'm trying to win.
Anyway, I could do. Maybe with my stand-up act, I should have an instrument on stage.
What should I play a key tar for like the different jokes?
I'm telling you I've seen these guys do it. I've seen the the Paul F. Tompkins. I've seen the Patanaz Waltz
the Zach elephant a guy
The skill they've got a skill I think I can jump the line on this though. I think I can jump the line
what if I was on stage with the
theremin what if a theremin is my a little thing for my musical
stings it's like I went down the street bob
bob
bob
that would work right
We're in the home stretch, only a minute left in the show, and then small change comes in
with nickel and dime radio, who's bragging about tonight's show.
It's not that you're wise.
Saying that people who listen would have their ears melted.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, Thomas, Frank, from We Harken, before you hang up, I wasn't trying to do the topic.
my favorite thing in the world
did you know that that was going to happen mike
when you put him back through
yeah
that's it
that's like uh...
like saying alica zam
I have no other choice then.
Like when I do this stand up, I'm going to have no other choice.
I just got an instant message from Paul F. Tompkins saying that my theremin on stage
should be shaped like a stork, so like a crazy shaped theremin, so I could have like a little
visual gag.
Sure.
Should I wear Hawaiian shirts on stage?
like Hawaiian shirts. I'll make like it's a and then I'll talk to the
Theremin is this an audience or a subpoena might get me a
Theremin for next week. Not a cheap one. I want a good one.
you mean the high sign when you're ready
oh yeah oh I would have left 40 minutes ago
which one are we on
turn I didn't realize you had something on the turntable I'm sorry
I'm sorry there you go WFM we stars WXHD man hope world wide web WFM you
dot org best shown WFM we will be back next week
A211, stay tuned for the real best show on WFMU.
Nickel and dime radio, it's ball change.
It's crazy.