The
S radio show ever.
Hey, who's this?
I am in but it's Whale, Governor of Alabama.
Hi, it's, uh, Gerald Karlmanner.
Tom Sharpling, Governor of Party.
Hey Tom, it's Purple Tour.
Hey Tom, it's Mark've Michael.
This is Richard Card, Richard Card.
What's your name?
Bering.
Bering.
The two fire cry Maurice current horrifying they Thomas Bruce
Who's this?
Genji Vitis
Yes, they have Rick Felony at the wall. I guess to what I hate you it's Peter. Hey, it's Steinberg
Do all creepy and I'm hanging up on you
Boing Roger double. My name is Ollie Fairnock. I'll say it. You'll hear it. You'll do it. I'll get it
You'll learn it. I'll live with it and you'll die without it smash your trash
There's a ton of people.
Good day.
What's up, Tom? It's Tristan.
Hey, it's Michelle.
Yeah, Tom, this is Jim Ripple.
How you doing?
When I get to do the toilet talk now.
The vaudeville of the new century.
My name is Tom Riley.
I'm calling from New Zealand.
Hey, man, it's bright.
Head up now, that's a tent pole.
It's a tent pole show.
Hey, this is Tedlia.
Whaaaaaat?
This is Pete from the Future.
Hi, Tom, it's DJ Terry Chase.
Hey, from Knoxville.
Supercaller.
It's off the top.
My name is Mike Zajak.
Get off my phone! I don't care!
Hey, this is if he can't, man.
I'm going to go to bed now, by far.
Hey, Tom, it's Gordon.
Gordon, how are you?
I was in a band in the early 90s.
My name's Jerry Page.
Tom, my name is Jeffrey Ludell.
It's a fat disease.
Wilder, right?
Isn't it?
The disenfranchised have a home now.
I'm the hero of the disenfranchised.
It's Tuesday night, eight o'clock, yeah
It's shut your mouth cuz it's time to talk, yeah
Don't you wanna fan me to the best show?
Don't you wanna fan me to the best show?
This is B. much read along with Richard Kimball and the Santa Monica Civic Auditorium, and the
The House lights were about to go down for the appearance of David Bowie.
We're really good at the day and going, come on, come on
If you think we're gonna make that, you better hang on to yourself
Oh, we don't talk much, we just ball and play
And we'll move around like tigers on grassland
You know the rhythm comes out better in the stolen guitar
You're the blessing where the spine is for car
And come on, come on
You're really gonna go straight and get away
But come on, come on
We've been making fun of the characters
You better have nothing to say here we are
Come on, we're really gonna put that in our way
Come on, come on, we're gonna make you go on that dance
We're gonna make you say hello
Come on, come on, we're gonna make you say hello
We're gonna make you say hello
Mana
What are you doing?
Junior Junior
What are you doing?
Right on home
It's my way
It's my way
Junior Junior
What the hell are you doing here
How many times you called you
To the end of the week, I've always hit the shadows
She bring proof in how clear I can expand
And it sounds like this
This one door
Told me, it wasn't for you enough
Told you were my dad
Well if you're a senior
If I'm on the bench
To just take it over
What's the matter with you?
Look down on everything we do
I really wonder if you see today like I do
What's the matter with you?
What's the matter with you?
You don't look cool and shake all blue
I really wonder if you see today like I do
What's the matter with you?
When I got up today I felt so much brighter
My head was hooded with delight and I told her
Well she said what's so good about today
As you walked away
She's down in the dirt without a reason why
What's the matter with you?
But not on everything we do
I really wonder if you see today like I do
What's the matter with you?
But keep an eye on you, I'll be your dictator
The rare book of all of you and you later
Don't beat the drum and let the trumpet flow
You gotta let go
The heat of the moment
You'll be what you saw
What's the matter with you?
Look down at everything we do
I didn't wonder if you'd see today
I got you, what's the matter with you?
The worry you, it's on your face makes you own it
You realize the things I'm never gonna love
If someone cares, that she must
I don't suppose you'd like to laugh with me
What's the matter with you?
To look down and have a good way to
I really wonder if you see today
Like I do, what's the matter with you?
runs
runs
You're so hot, teasing me, so you're blue, but I can't take a chance on a chick like you.
It's something I couldn't do.
There's that look in your eyes, I can't breathe in your face, that you're feeling so driving you off.
I'm a girl you're only in child
Well I could dance when you're humming
If you think it's funny
Cause your mother know that you're out
And I could shout with your baby
Cause you're mother know that you're out
Take it easy, take it easy better
Show down girl, that's no way to go
Cause your mother know
Take it easy, take it easy, try to cool it, girl
Day it nice and slow, that's what my heart knows
I can't see what you want, but you seem pretty
to be searching for that kind of fun
so maybe I'm a good one
now you're so cute, I like your style
and I know what you mean when you give me a pleasure
that's what it's like
but really only in time
well I can dance when you're hunting
Think it's funny, cars still want to know that you're out
Now I can chat with your baby,
But a little minute,
Does still want to know that you're out
Take it easy, take it easy, better show that I'm out
That's not what you've got, that's not what I've got
Take it easy, take it easy, try to cool it, girl
Take it nice and small, that's not what I've got
Well, I could dance with your money if you think it's funny
Don't you want to know that you're wrong?
And I could chat with a baby for a little baby
Don't you want to know that you're wrong?
Well, I could dance with your money if you think it's funny
Don't you want to know that you're wrong?
And I could chat with your baby for a little baby
Maybe it's because you'll want to know that you're right
But I could dance with your body
If you think it's funny
Because you'll want to know that you're right
Well, is this why I'm not about it?
It's people doing it, people being goofy.
Yeah.
I think Richard Kine told you to think this.
I don't like it.
When are you going to get under from that, out of that guy's thumb?
Got off my phone.
The best show! Double your weapon!
The best show! Double your weapon!
The best show!
The best show!
This is the truth of my show
Double your weapon
My show
Double your weapon
My show
Double your weapon
My show
Everybody show WFMU back for another Tuesday night installment, the final episode that
I'll be hosting most likely what check Mike can you hear me we good
headphones are terrible the worst headphones in the entire station and
that they they're on the console here third rate third rate like any of this
there we go there we go okay yes check check check pumpkin pie there we go
check pumpkin pie how's that sound Mike well a scalar one to ten eight heart
or soft eight. Hard eight. Okay, I'll take it.
A brother. Here we go.
One door closes, another door opens.
It's how it goes here.
It's how it goes in life, isn't it?
Yes, yes.
Who's on this line, Mike?
The usual. All right.
Do let's do this, uh, let me back announce the music first.
We just heard from, uh, Abba from the Vule Vue album we heard does your mother know.
Somebody called in and they were like, uh, who's it from the movie?
Oh, it's not from the movie.
Did that sound like Christine Baranski?
Sick.
Before that split ends, from their hot, hot album, History Never Repeats, their greatest
hits, part of the very well-designed Millennium Collection, put out by the people at Universal
music over at 22-20 Colorado Avenue Santa Monica 904-04 and right for a
catalog these things are like baseball cards they just have the same border and
they plug a picture into the middle of it we heard what's the matter with you
before that volcano suns that's right not just ignore a normal volcano suns no
Now, that song's never been heard anywhere ever, unreleased, world exclusive, song called
Junior, which is going to be on the, uh, the, uh, the reissue.
Last week, a young gentleman called and asked me, uh, he asked, uh, what the, what the status
of the reissue of the first two volcano suns albums, uh, were bright orange ears and all
night lotus party.
And I had no answer for him last week, right?
Do you remember that, Mike?
No answer.
This week, I've got an answer.
Reissue's coming out on merge in January.
And no one short of Jeff Wigand of the volcano's sons
gave me that track.
Junior, unreleased.
One of the final things the original lineup did.
Unheard until now.
23 years later
And starting us off David Bowie from his live in Santa Monica
1972 is it it's 1872 or 1972? I guess it would be 1972 collection hang on to yourself
Put out in a very elaborate box by the EMI corporation
all right just get into it tonight before I start with the phones tonight my
protege the robin to my Batman the H-man here it is you know what though he has a
superhero name already the H-man I got no I'm Tom
This guy's already coming and loaded. H-man. Very mysterious. He's going to be in here
and we're going to turn a good chunk of the show over to him because I'm taking him under
my wing and I'm grooming him to be in my replacement.
FMU, you're on the air. Hello, Tom.
calling please. Spike, oh hi, how are you tonight? I'm fine. But first of all, a private
matter. Did you get an electronic correspondence from me? Yes, I did. What's the answer? Yes
or no? Yes. Yeah. That'll make sense to all you in a few months. But you're gonna love
Hey, how hard I'm emailing Spike now telling you up is down left is right
And suddenly this the spike who used to call and just go wha damn me and then hang up wha damn me
Now this guy's a blue chip caller
Everyone God help me needs to take a page out of this guy's playbook
Look.
How are you tonight Spike?
I'm doing just fine.
Are you excited about my, uh, my, uh, my understudy, my protege?
Well, I'm looking forward to, um, breaking him in.
You're going to break in the H man?
Yes.
Oh, good heavens.
I will never get used to that.
I will never ever get used to that laugh.
Please don't let that laugh be the final thing I hear in my life.
Then it all goes black
And I fade and I float up up up into heaven
Please that's all I ask
So what are you doing on this hot August night? Oh?
I just came from a nice lovely walk. Okay, very exciting. Mm-hmm
Of course.
Okay.
Right?
Mm-hmm.
How far of a walk?
Oh, just around the neighborhood.
It's around the neighborhood?
Mm-hmm.
Uh-huh.
A little bit, uh, are you looking in any windows?
No.
No.
Nothing, uh, nothing, uh, under board, uh, under, uh, below board here?
No.
No?
No, just the usual boring little walk around the neighborhood.
I'm glad you're telling us about it.
It makes for a fantastic radio show.
You've already identified this as something that's wildly uninteresting and you're kicking
off your call with it.
Yeah, well, you know.
You wouldn't do that to Lynn Samuels.
Oh, no.
I mean, I talked about other things with Lynn.
More important things with Lynn.
Oh, more important things.
Wait, there's something more important than you're in to walk through the neighborhood?
Oh, music. We talk about politics sometimes, and we talk about movies, and celebrities, and, you know, who should have kids, and who shouldn't have kids.
Why can't we have the same conversations that you have with Lynn Samuels?
So tell me, you tell me, Spike, who shouldn't have kids?
Oh, I can name a few people, Brittany, for one.
Well, it's too late. She already has two kids.
I know. And so does the one from the Bronx.
She has twins. Yeah.
And Jennifer Lopez.
Brandon and Jellica.
They have too many kids. Yeah.
Yeah, you're right.
Out there, those those
children with no homes
get taken in by multimillionaires
and given a chance to enjoy the rest of their lives.
Well, I'm there talking about the one who were adopted.
I'm talking about the biological kids.
okay so you do you think they should just be allowed to adopt
well yeah
well who should have kids then
well people who rightfully deserve to have kids such as
a lot of people people i know who can't have kids
you know for one reason or another
alright
other dead end
anything else
are we talk about music
uh... like what what i am sure this is going to be uh... do what okay what
else did you talk about well not just do what but uh... now we
right called it afternoon
uh... we spoke about that
added john mccain put out
well what it was that
all the one where he compares barak with uh... to
uh... blonde airheads
uh-huh
now are you probably i'm i'm not sure are you for or against barack obama
one form of it about democrat you're going to vote for now he is a democrat
though
that's correct because i'm not sure
or not about democrats though i don't know what i'm going to get a democrat
is john mccain a democrat
or absolutely not
ok why not
either republican ok
and are those like bad guys or something
well to me they are
ok
why
Oh, they have no morals.
Uh-huh.
But he fought in like World War II, right?
No, I think he's supposedly born in Vietnam, which I don't believe won
Iota.
You know, so you think he's making that up?
Yeah, to get sympathy.
OK.
Hey, when I'm the H-man, I want you to call back later.
Thank you.
Oh, brother.
Oh, boy.
Oh.
Is this how I'm going out?
Is this how I'm going out?
Unbelievable, unbelievable.
WFMU did this thing called the Radio Great's Weekend this past weekend.
We're like DJs from FMU's past.
We're on the station such as...
For example, in the Cherry Blossom Clinic was to Terry T.
She had on Danny Fields and Wild Girl,
making their return to the WFMU airwaves.
It's very exciting.
I have to do it, where was I though?
No one called me for radio grates.
Just another slap in the face by life.
You got no juice anymore.
You got nothing.
I tried to get 5,000 mic, I have like 3,500
Myspace Renza mic, like 3,400.
It's like, I want 5,000.
So I put this call out and ended up getting like 30.
Unbelievable.
No juice.
No juice.
That's why I got to hand the reins over.
Hand the reins over the H-man.
It's his turn.
Sometimes I feel like the guy from the Will Smith movie.
We fought the vampires all alone.
All alone in Washington Square Park fighting vampires
No one on my side
Tom versus the world
Good boy, you know what I saw I saw not to jump around too much
So I got to get this stuff out of the way cuz I'm not gonna have a forum for this anymore
It's not mine anymore. I'm gonna have to ask H man
Can I please maybe come on and talk about things for five minutes if?
If it goes the way I think it's going to go,
where this guy just is going to completely dominate
and take over the show.
Not gonna have a home.
I saw this thing about an art exhibit for Family Guy,
a Family Guy art exhibit.
Where is that?
I gotta bring that art up here.
Family Guy art exhibit.
I guess it started in LA, but now it's in New York.
Really have we run out of art to where now that is what art is, the painting of the dog
from Family Guy.
It's different.
We're just opening this up.
We're gonna reinterpret Family Guy.
This is his and your older brother's Family Guy.
We're cracking it open.
Wait, did you see this painting I did of the baby?
Oh, that's a bad sign already.
Mike's saying turn.
Mike's gotta remind this person
to turn their radio down.
Where does this Family Guy art exhibit?
Who wants this?
I can feel it.
No traction.
I can't get any traction tonight.
Here it is.
It's at the Paley Center for Media.
What is that?
That used to be the Museum of Television and Radio, I think.
Who's Paley?
You know somebody who works at the Paley?
Yeah.
Here it is.
Family Guy.
It's a freaking archo.
Like it's got to be filthy like right in the title. Can't uh, a collection of interpretive
work inspired by a family guy. It opened on August 1st and there's uh, all kinds of spectacular
paintings. Uh, 21 artists were challenged to take the show's characters design and sensibility
as a starting point and literally let their imaginations run wild. The result is a wholly
original and eclectic series of images in a variety of media that bear the
unmistakable family guy imprint yeah the imprint it's the characters from it
of course it's the imprint fm you you're on the air hi I'm doing all right who's
this this is Cynthia Cynthia from from the East Village from the East Village
yes how are things tonight in the East Village and they're just dandy it was
raining earlier but yeah i know i would talk about politics all right let's do
it let's just crack it open let's talk politics
well i am originally not from the great state of New York nor the
wonderful city well first of all let me can i ask you
this is this is an election year right yeah okay
just wanted to get that out of the way yeah okay go forward madam please
There are some folks in other parts of the country that will not vote for Barack Obama even though he plays a mean game of basketball because simply not the fact that he's a Democrat, but because he is a black man.
okay I think that wait a minute if I'm if I'm getting what you're saying you're
you're gonna tell me there's people who will discriminate against Barack
Obama with their vote because he is a black man you sure you want to say this
publicly hey I think it's my responsibility
has an American as a patriot who's formed New York and this area where we're
living in this law land but hey if New Yorkers really want to do something they
will go to the state of Oklahoma and get the vote out yeah with like a black
man to become the first president okay hi here so when are we going to Oklahoma
uh... are you organizing a bus trip or something
no i'm not but i can see if i can get um...
airline
tickets donated perhaps trust me
i tell you right now
you want to convince people in oklahoma to vote for brock obama don't send a
bunch of new yorkers out there people from the east village
going toward a door
ready what i was thinking is that there's so many young people out there they're
listening to this radio station
that come from all over the country to live in new york
And, you know, I think it's a great opportunity for them to get involved in our election process and really go down, just like the people did from New York to Jews.
The New York Jews that went down and fought the Civil Rights War. It was a war. It was a war. It was a war. People put their lives in their hands.
Now, are you, the way you said that? Are you anti-Jew? The way you said that?
No, sure, not at all. I respect the fact that, you know, here was a group of people who were fearless.
Yeah. Yeah. And I think it says a lot about those people. Yeah, they are special people.
Get off my phone, you hate monger. So, a person who's on the right side of things,
who sounds so hateful. Unbelievable.
They were a brave group of people. The New York Jews, like that's how she said it.
I'm so glad I'm getting out of here. It's all his. It's all a I could this guy could
too bow hard and it's his this could be the ultimate flame out I'm telling you
this guy can bomb for the next two hours and I'm giving him the show so funny
out there Mike you laughing at yet a few beers where the iron monkey great the
mike showing up drunk now it's all falling apart it's all falling apart
Mike's bragging all about his new tattoo, too.
The tattoo of a zoom.
That's not enough.
The tattoo of a zoom watching the trailer for Tropic Thunder, the red band trailer.
Unbelievable.
It's all falling apart. Mike's losing his mind, showing up half in the bag.
Spike's telling me literally the most boring story I've ever heard in my life
by walking through a neighborhood. Got this woman calling up, sound like she's in a rage.
I put out a call to get MySpace friends, MySpace.com, slash sharpling.
nothing can't get to five thousand that was a pipe dream got to bounce back got
to bounce back got this art exhibit family guy I want to look at some of this art
okay here's a picture of somebody actually did a painting of of what's the
dog's name. Herbie. Mike, what's the dog's name on family guy? Snoopy. It looks
like Snoopy. I don't think it is Snoopy though. I think it's Herbie. You got a
picture of the dog Herbie like drinking a cocktail looking depressed. Then you
another one of the baby like killing the mother like dreaming about that well
what kind of kind of art is it it's time to stop with the art seriously people
there's enough art out there the world needs ditch diggers too fm you you're on
the air you need to get into your love location okay what's that you need to
get into your love location
my love location yes
oh i know who this is
i i would hope you would yes my former uh... shrink uh... still
still now you retired i know but i i you're in such dire straights at the
rock band isn't it
dire straights is a rock band or they were rock band i think they still are
let me uh...
got what do you think
google it
how do i get on this thing
uh... google g-o-o-g-l-e okay do i need to
yeah i can't i'm sure that the computers on
is anything on the screen
define anything
is this is is it bla is it like when your t-v set is off only uh... if my t-v
set is off and there's uh... a pornographic image on it yeah okay well
Well that sounds like something your screen is on, but I don't know what that is.
This is your computer?
Yes.
Why?
Okay.
Well I don't see why you need it to tell.
Well let's turn it off.
The most important thing is you.
It sounds like you're going off the rails again son.
Little bit.
Yeah.
What's happening?
Tell me how you're feeling.
I'm feeling passed over.
Why?
Is it that is it that what's it called the the forty-five books that you were talking about every day for like a
Year, you know, it's not that's one of the things the fact that I was passed over by the thirty three and a third people
Okay, what why do you think they passed you over? I don't know. I mean, I thought I had a I thought I had a you know
a pretty solid
Pitch lined up and a pretty a pretty it was that one of those music groups, right? Yeah
Yeah, it was a pretty prepared presentation for the whole thing, you know
I want to write one of those about the the first alarm EP
The guys oh, how did you describe them the the QP doll hair is that we you trapped them as with with the
Kind of like they they stuck their fingers in an electric socket. Okay. Yeah, see I think that was maybe not a good idea
You don't think that was the right choice. Maybe not. Yeah, okay
always talking about the the other the other band that you really love
uh...
john kafferty
was that the yes yes john kafferty in the beaver brown exactly
maybe should go with that
but that's the time point
and my uh...
hearing correctly that you have an understudy who's coming in tonight
yes
yes his name is uh... the age man okay
now
is it something you really want to do
it what do you mean to turn the reins of the show over a little in the show yet
i think it's time
yeah i think it's time well i i i
i think you may be right
actually i know you're right
that is that it's time it's time to move on
okay
that's just that's just my two cents
and uh... course my two cents is what is uh... two hundred dollars an hour
so i will be looking for that check
soon okay i'm not
you called me i did not solicit you needed my help
and well it's that's your determination but i want to get in my hope
that's not that now you can't call me and then bill me well maybe i just have
and maybe um...
you know maybe i i don't need the money because the book has been selling like
hotcakes
your book your uh... the uh...
what was it called again on fixable yep something yeah
doing great number two on amazon
really yeah
people of your section like what part of amazon
and was on books
really oh my god yeah
people can't believe that you exist
they think i made you up
i still need to sort through that i think you're right but anyway i i
agree with you i think it's time to get off the air mmm forever thank you
doctor so that's horrible okay be looking for invoice i'm not well first
I'm not exactly all right sure. I'm not ready to exactly leave like that. It sounds like you you are though
Are you uh, what are you doing?
I see this was my problem with you. You could never make your mind up
Well, here I am. Okay. Well, I
Hope you enjoy your last night on the air. Thank you. Okay. Bless you. You have a good night. Okay $200. No
great
you think it's time Mike should I should I start the transition by the way the phone
numbers 201 209 9368 201 209 9368 we're in the early portion the show here
All right, cross-off family got art exhibit. I
Goofed on that
What else I got here?
All right did that oh I went to a Panera bread today right on the way
On the way to my show my usual pre-show prep and I'm in the Panera bread sitting there using their free wireless, right?
eating a nice sandwich and and there's a guy a guy there who looks just like Jim
Kramer I'm telling you just I had to look at it I did like a triple take looking
at him you know I'm gonna say to this guy look I think Jim Kramer is is hilarious
I don't know if that's exactly the the go-to look like that's what I want to
look like you know don't wear the blue shirt that's that exact shade of shirt
that uh that Jim Kramer wears when you're out and about a different color
shirt because it almost looks like you're in like you're in costume as Jim
Kramer like here's some look alike unless this guy's like going to places and
like pretending to be him.
Like the way you hear about people doing that
with celebrities.
Like, yeah, I'm Jim Kramer, yeah.
Yeah, but by, you know, yeah, by Apple.
Apple's going up.
Oh, Jim Kramer's got about five books.
Look.
if only there was a way we could find out mike what he looked like
even mike even mike is this is drunk mike now
how uh... where we go
what's this guy's look
what's it what's the look like
i don't know what he looks like
let me shout it out
how else do you look like
that they're drunk
Type in Jim Kramer, a Google image.
Oh boy, I am Olens, I am Lagan.
I am Lagan, being hunted by vampires.
FMU, you're on the air.
Well, hi there, how are you?
No, I'm doing all right, how are you?
Good, I just don't get discouraged, you know?
Stay on the air, I know you're probably
only half serious anyway, but it's the,
you know, it's August, people are on vacation,
People are not glued to their radio right now, you're just going to have to like, get through the next few weeks, you know, and then September rolls around, people are back at work, and the phone lights, the phones will be lighting up like Christmas.
Oh, I'll tell you, the phones light up like Christmas every time I show up. That's not the issue.
What's the issue?
Issues of low-grade callers.
Oh, like me.
I didn't say you.
I know.
All right, well, if I'm you you're on the air. Hey Tom. It's doing. How are you doing all right?
How are you doing good? I you were talking about the family got art exhibit. I was checking my email
Yeah, the first thing I saw was in whose article says huge inflatable art piece escapes museum Rex havoc
So what what happened an inflatable thing of the dad on on family guy?
It's even worse than that. Actually, I think I think it would be better. I don't know what the radio safe
Word for this is but news dog will it's called complex complex s and then an expletive. Yeah
Yeah, okay, so we get it so saw what it was an inflatable thing escaped from some dumb
Like a look it's not a museum. It's got television sets in it
Can we can we uh can we rein in the definition of the word museum?
Well, you can't go to a museum and and watch episodes of gun smoke
Or see complex <E.D.> floating. Yeah, apparently this was a thing got ripped up from its harnesses floated away and
trashed a greenhouse and
It doesn't say exactly what it was but it said that no children were hurt
It wherever it landed. That's
It's like one of those things where I get the artists probably looking at the
I had a line afterwards just when you when it's read out loud back. It just must sound ridiculous even to himself
Anyway, I said I said I said are you are you are you ready for tonight?
I got to hear this H man. You're ready for the H man ready thumb
Should I throw it? Should I introduce H man to the world? Yeah, let's look at this guy
All right I'm throwing the mic over. Let's test it. Hello. There we go. Can you hear me?
I can hear you. Can you hear me? I indeed can hear you. Can you hear this guy, Spoonie?
I can hear him a little bit. He's kind of quiet. Sorry, sorry. I just, you know, just starting off.
How about now? Now you're live. Yep. All right. Say hi H man. Hello H man,
I get it. I'm sorry. We've done that. Are we done yet? Is it 11 yet? What am I doing here?
Close enough to 11. Close enough. Hey, Mike, how's your vision right now? Is everything blurry?
Not yet. Go in. If you're probably going to go, I want you to go over to the CDs. You might see
double on this the way you're talking. Just grab whichever copy of Pangea you can grab. Bring in here.
You might be lunging at another copy that you fall through when you reach for it.
You ready for this, Spoonie?
I'm ready.
One error ends, another error begins.
I'm present for it, I'm kind of nervous.
You're the transitional call.
Wow.
I'm starting to shake.
All right, Tom.
Have a good night.
all right let's just get this started okay this is the best shown WFMU my name
is Tom Sharpling I'm the host of the show for tonight I have in the studio my
be here. Are you excited? Yeah, I've been counting down the days, counting down the
days to when you could finally show your stuff. Yeah, I guess you could say that, yeah.
All right, now, first of all, straight straight off the top. No foul language. Let me tell
you right now. Okay. No racial stuff. No dirty porno stuff. I will none of that. Clean.
We run, if this show was a movie, the high school musical three, okay?
Yep.
Family friendly.
I understand, yeah.
I know you come from a different age where things like Grand Theft Auto and whatnot,
you like glorify murder and horror right yeah I know people but I don't really I
don't really play granted thought I very well what games do you play mostly we
stuff and they like to tone it down a lot uh-huh like what what like what kind of
we games you play let's see I'm trying to think
uh...
uh... super smash brothers brought was a big one
it was a it's like a fighting game with like mario for the first ok sorry is
mario and number one sonic
tip number one
the goal is not to talk to me yeah i know
we're talking to them okay sorry about it
so you don't go super much of a web of a super smash brothers brawl was the
name of the game
how's he sound on mike uh... so far mike
Will, is it muddled?
I'm sorry about that.
Why don't you try sliding one inch back from the mic?
OK.
How about that? Now try it.
OK, this is better.
Let's see. What about that, Mike?
OK.
Better? All right.
Good.
I'm in studio with H-Man, my protege.
Now, you know that you are raw.
You are a lump of clay.
And I am going to mold you tonight.
Will you let me mold you?
yes of course can i shape you
yeah i'm i'm going to enable
okay i can i can shape i can turn you
i want to turn you into a uh... radio uh... donis
okay right that's good right now you're a blob
like a formless blob of of clay
now sad
yeah right now
but we're going to change that
Do you think you're you ready to are you look we're going to warm it up now
I'm not going to just throw it over to you just yet. Yeah, of course not. You want to take a couple calls like a sample
Call and see what that's like. Yeah, I guess we could try calls first. Yeah
Why don't you give the number out?
201
209 9368
And this is what I want you to say. Okay
Like you need you need to have like a lively kind of like you got the H man
or something like that, the H-man here, what do you think?
I mean, I like the former.
Okay, so why don't you give the numbers to go, like just talking like,
hey, you got to call the H-man here on WFMU, 201, 209, 9368.
Okay, you want me to do it now?
Yeah, right now. We're in it.
Okay.
This is not pretend anymore.
anymore. Okay. This is not theoretical. This is happening
right now. Yeah. You don't know how many people are listening
right now. You be, you be, uh, quaking in your, in your, your, uh,
your, uh, Tev is over there. So say it. Okay. You got the H man
here at WFMU numbers, 201, 209, 9368. That's good. That's a
good start. That sounds pretty good, right, Mike? Thank
Thank you Mike.
Don't talk to Mike.
Oh sorry.
First of all, where's our apple juice?
Oh I got it.
You want me to go get it?
Yes.
Okay.
All right.
I got two bottles of doled apple juice.
All right.
Let me make sure this matches the criteria after that.
Let's see.
You check the label here.
all right
we can continue
you've passed the apple juice test
all of this all the lines are lit up
what you know who should we start with mike
fm you're on the air
how are you tonight
i'm good how are you
doing okay
things going on with the each minute
what you talk to him and find out
Oh, that'd be great.
You had the age, man.
Who's this?
This is the Z-Man.
What's going on?
Hey, what's up?
Z-Man, where are you from?
Oh, Pelham.
Oh, cool.
What's going on in Pelham tonight?
Not too much.
Just me, Mom, listening to the show.
So I did for your big debut.
Thank you.
Thank you for calling.
So you haven't fun so far, so that's pretty cool.
Yeah, I mean, it was an interesting drive here.
Little traffic in the Holland Tunnel,
You know whatever deal it's a it's a it's cool being in here a little room here than the one in my college
Oh, yeah, I was hoping to expect though. Yeah
Well, well buddy
You know just wanted to call in and and check in with you and hope you have a great time with Tom
Say hi to Tom for me and Mike why don't you say I have a great buddy. Tom's here. Why don't you want to say to me a z-man?
I've just you know send in my regards Tom. Okay
and you know thanks for giving me okay
fm you you're on the air
yeah hello
yes
yeah uh... can i fix the h-band
you got the h-band who is this
uh... h-band listen uh... let me speak to tom
okay he's out there
tom's here who's this
hey tom is jeff
jeff
uh... from the sun
oh hey jeff from the volcano suns
yeah who the hell is this age man guy he's my protege other i thought i was
calling a program here with the professional
you are an eye is my understudy
my understudy
it's very said that i got i got i i i think it's from uh...
some files today they call up to it and you got this kid on here
what's going on
how will you calm down
We play did you hear it? Did you hear me play it? I?
Heard you play it. Yeah, sounds good, right?
Yeah, actually
I'm a lot better than the other <E.D.> you're playing, but okay. Oh boy, but I guess I got to take this
You got this guy this guy who's from the from the second lineup of volcano suns
Okay, yeah, not the original not Gary and Steve
Yeah, yeah, if volcano suns
uh... version two
did you ever get the uh...
well hold on me you're going to get on me in the music and play what what are
you calling from some sort of uh... you do using skype
yeah actually i'm using skype okay
because it sounds it sounds there's no problem with it outside of the fact that
you i feel like i'm talking to wallie
but so anyway did i get what
did did you ever get the the tapes of gary and steve they're actually pretty
good
i have some i have some stuff i got a sore throat as that somebody gave me
some uh... volcano suns uh...
odds and ends
yeah and there's some of that in there
was good
and you're quitting the show
might be it yeah i'm gonna see i'm gonna see how my protege does
okay well i was called in to give you some encouragement here
uh... stick around
uh... you know one of the volcano suns calls up and says i get a stick around
i'm i'm i'm in that that carries some weight
i mean not nothing against the each and he seems like a nice kid
but firstly is not a kid
you know he's he's uh... forty three years old
are you are you kidding me
now he's forty three years old
he's got a voice of cracks like you know fourteen-year-old
there's a guy that you bring in like a young like an intern in or something
he's got some disease or something
like some weird voice disease
was cracking on the radio alright
well we'll try to address that
so we can look forward to uh... the the bright orange years and and uh...
all night lotus party coming out in and when is it january
well yeah i guess merge says january figure where
can't wait two of the most sought-after uh... records
people ask all the time
why are they out of print why are they out of print
yet
i don't know about that i mean we'll see how they sell but
you guys are on a hot streak then
what's that you guys were on a hot streak
yet twenty five years ago yeah
you know i say about volcano suns
and then no people don't want to hear this better than mission of bermah
well yeah i don't even want to go there but i will go there
i'll say nobody else wants i'm alone on this
i like both of those more than mission where we were a little less hard you
with the uh...
yeah the art stuff
hip-hip-hip-hip-hip-hip-hip-hip-hip-hip
yeah we got even get that in mission of bermah
mission of bermah and playing stage with christmas lights
all over the drum set
no but i mean you've been a huge porter all the years yes all-time favorite
and the big dipper or my all-time favorites volcano sons all-time
favorites
yet no no i mean
when you do appreciate
are you guys going to get the original line up back together to do some shows
right
right to play the uh... to when the record comes out
you mean for like a reunion or something yeah look they did the thing with uh...
with uh...
david
yeah
david yeah they did they did their thing a couple years ago but you know what
you get the line for the first two where you just play the first two records
boom
drop everybody
a quick in and out
Say hello. Say goodbye.
I'm going to start lobbying for it.
There's not going to be any reunion. Nothing like that.
So you guys are not going to get back together to commemorate the release of the first two albums coming back in print.
No, there's no chance.
Oh, you watch what I do on this. You see what I did to Big Dipper?
I made that happen. I made that happen. You watched this. It's great. It's not gonna happen. You're still in playing shape. I
Don't know. What do you call shade?
Could you get back how long do you need to get back up there and do it?
Jeff why again from the volcano suns
No, no, we're all deeply flawed deeply flawed human beings and there's no way we can stand in the same room with each other, but
It's gonna happen you watch this I'm gonna start where you're just throwing down the it is like it's like rocky for
You can't win you're telling me I can't win you watch
you watch
i'm to miss one time
all right you're pretty amazing and i've been listening to you but like
you can't win on this one you watch
you watch i'm going to say to you when you're planning you're playing maxwells
and it's you you peter and john up there
you're gonna go you know what
you called it
maxwell now i would i wouldn't do maxwell again if you'd like your grandmother
paid me
well where do you want to play
what the pyramid club
all places you know we're gone
will play the spiral
and i don't give me a right now
i can understand you wally
say eva
say that
well jeff your phone is starting to conquer and the h-man's the
signaling me saying that this calls a complete dud which i disagree with but
it's his show
really yes
he said that this call he wrote passed me a piece of paper it says
this call is a snooze
dumping stuff
well jeff i hope you will check back in there when they when the release of the
record gets closer and when your uh...
your reunion shows get closer
yeah yeah okay sure
it's gonna happen
going to happen
clank of the drink
well you were you were you were hanging out with mike tonight
who's mike
he's uh... call screener
oh
yeah he's uh... it's my birthday tonight from every few drinks
well happy birthday
well thank you tom thank you
you have a great night
All right.
See you, bud.
OK, bye.
Jeff Wigan, the volcano of sun, is very exciting.
For me, at least, not for H-man, who
said that that call was a complete snooze.
This next call, do you want to take one solo?
Are you think you have it in you?
I need to do one more.
Well, we'll do one more together.
We're going to ease into this.
And then we just start the H-man, the best show in WFMU,
with the H-man.
And I'll just be the, I'll be kind of just helping out.
Like if I see you need a little help here,
a little help there, I'll help out.
You'd be like the Jiminy Cricket,
maybe the conscience, I don't know.
Zung me.
What?
Unbelievable.
Wow.
That just zung me.
Wow.
Maybe this guy is cut out for it.
Call me Jiminy Cricket.
Now, sorry, Peter Pan.
I'll try to make all your fantasies come true.
FMU, you're on the air, or Pinocchio,
whichever one that was.
Yes, Pinocchio.
Oh.
Excuse me.
Man!
But they're you I'm sorry
Guys age man each man. Yeah, this is Elle lady
This is Laurie calling from Miami. Yes. Hey, don't let Laurie. I'm sorry
Could I just reveal
Don't worry. I don't know more attention to don't draw more attention to it. Okay. I
Um, I wanted to make sure, uh, did he bring you the good stuff?
The apple juice?
Yeah, I told him, uh, no juicy juice, no caprisan.
No, this is straight up 100% apple juice.
Okay, marinellies?
No, not marinellies.
There's something called delay.
I guess it's like a Spanish thing or something?
Doll?
I don't know, is it a doll or a delay?
You're right. It's probably delay. I
Can't wait free apple juice. It was worth it
Don't worry it didn't get on the year
Handed I got the button here
You notice I have my finger on this button the whole show you see me like this when we go the phones
I got my finger like that, because you got to figure this is how I figure it.
These people are all animals, these callers.
It's like the island of Dr. Murrow, right?
Yeah.
They're half human, half animals.
You have to assume that the animal part is going to take over when they call, right?
So you got to be ready.
And my dad thinks about that like with drivers, he thinks they're all crazy, but you know,
my dad. I think I need to put a little more base in your voice. Okay. Yeah. You mean like
lower? Yeah. Little more, little more assertive. Okay. So the thing you said, my dad said that
it's all the same. You need to say, uh, my dad says, like, just add a little more, a little
more to it. Not that you got to put on a phony voice. Just a little livelier. Okay. And don't
be afraid to open your mouth a little bit. Yeah, I know. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I'll work on
that. I mean, we're gonna throughout the show. It's gonna. Yeah. You need some water? You want
nice glass of water? Help you out? No, we'll dry mouth. That might, it might be the problem.
I don't know. Tell Mike to go get you some water. Hey, Mike, can you give me some water?
I have it right over here. No, it's good. This guy's got nice cold juice for you.
Since he's your boss now.
He's your boss now.
What's that? Just tell him.
That doesn't say it.
What?
Say, what do you want?
Can I get some water, please, Mike?
No, get me some water, please, Mike.
No, not please.
You don't have to say please.
Give me some water, Mike.
Look, he's drunk.
He's not going to remember any of this.
You can say whatever you want.
You want them disco fries?
You want them to tell Mike to go get your disco fries?
What exactly are the disco fries?
rise of her the term but it's uh it's like fries with a gravy and cheese on
them oh wow let's take another call okay fm you you're on the air hi Tom hi h
man hello who's this this is power caller Erica from
Baltimore how you doing tonight Erica good how are you how are you like in
uh fm you studios it's it's nice um i'm just
trying to get acclimated because the studio in my school was like a tiny little like two by two
cubicle so it's it's a big change it's nice moving on up huh yeah moving on
exactly i like i like to see he's got he that was that was successful so far right
it was a solid 30 seconds right there that i would put with the the i would put that on if you
you were putting together a little demo reel, I put that 30 seconds on it.
He kept the conversation moving, he did a little chimed in, he sang a little song.
Right.
Resume the conversation, I didn't say that.
So what's new, Erica?
How you been?
Oh, I've been good.
I've been good.
I'm wondering if you have any big plans for the best show now that you've got the reigns
at least for this evening.
Well tonight I got a topic that I'll bring up later and I got some things I want to talk about
and I got some music I kind of want to play because of some stuff that I have in my computer
some stuff I got from my own radio station at my school so it's going to be pretty good
tonight.
Sorry about that.
Spent up a little lunch.
Oh no no.
Don't draw attention to it.
You do it.
You catch it in your head doesn't have to go from your head to your mouth.
You don't have to say it out loud.
Just you realize I am going a little fast there. Let's slow it down
Now I want to congratulate you. It's pretty awesome. I do have to say Tom
Yes, I disagree with you know, you the idea of you leaving the show
I hope that that doesn't actually happen. I'm hoping maybe I can make a suggestion of a co-host as
Supposed to a replacement you mean like every week we have the H man in here. You know, let's host action
You know, I like that
They're very successful radio shows, you know, they have, you know, nobody wants this no one. Nobody wants a show. Oh
I disagree
No, they don't
You ever see who's on satellite radio? You should see these lineups of these the driftwood that gets a show on satellite radio
So you want to be lined up alongside of that?
No, yeah, here's your here's your water
What do you say? What do you say to him?
Thanks Mike. No, you don't say thanks. Okay. It's Mike. I didn't think so. I was just you said say something
I didn't know there's a trick question. It was a trick question. Sorry. I it's like Star Trek
It's like the question that when Kirk had to solve that that unsolvable puzzle, you know should do you rewrite the rules
Yes. Well, thank you, Erica. Good night. Call back when the show, when the H man's show actually starts. If you see an open, if you see an opening, please take it.
All right. Thank you. Bye.
How you feeling over there? I'm good. All right. You holding it down? Yeah, I'm starting to get into the groove. Okay. All right.
Okay, all right, all right.
None of their business, they want to know where H-man's from.
None of their business, they want to know where H-man's from.
And O-Y-D-B, that's what I say, right?
Exactly.
Let's try some different voices for you.
Okay, what kind of different voice?
Say, hey, this is the H-man.
Hey, this is the H-man.
Now, lowered, hey.
Hey, this is the H-man.
Go lower.
Hey, this is the H-man.
Go really high
Hey, this is the H-man. I don't like that. Yeah, I don't like it. I don't think it worked
That's a that's a non-starter sounds like
From the 70s. Try the deeper one. Just try slightly deeper like just from your chest
Like hey, this is the H-man. Hey, this is the H-man
So you fell apart on is already already lost your confidence on is you're not even sure if you're the H-man
People if you're on what's my line?
fine. People are never going to guess you. You don't even know what that is. I've heard
the name before. All right. It's a game show from the 30s where they used to have these
people say like they'd come out and they'd say, I'm Stevie Blue. And they'd be like contestant
number two. I'm Stevie Blue. And you try to guess who is the real person. And then the
The celebrity panel would ask them questions and try to see if they could figure out which
one was Stevie Blue.
I think you did that with Edgar Bergen at one point.
I remember saying that one.
Edgar Bergen.
Yeah.
The ventriloquism thing, right?
Yeah.
The use of ventriloquism.
Yes.
It wasn't very good at it, but you know.
No, it wasn't.
Do you have any talents like that ventriloquism, anything?
Nothing I know of.
that you know of, if you all of a sudden
gonna accidentally realize you know ventriloquists.
That's the kind of thing you know about.
I can't think it's something I'll kind of set out
to become a ventriloquist.
I'll have the time in my head, I can't.
Yeah, what's going on here?
This dummy's talking in my mouth isn't moving.
I mean.
That means you're making a deal with the devil.
What's that, Mike?
Can you do, that's a good one.
Can you do impressions?
I can try.
I do a good godfather, but that thing that's probably my best. Let's hear it. I have to prepare. Yeah, relax
Just relax my jaw. I gotta do the face sure thing. I mean nobody listening can see that. Okay, okay
That's yeah, okay, I do the godfather thing now
That was it. Oh wait, what was it?
what wait you did it already okay yeah just came and went boom fm you you're on
the air hey h-man hey who's this it's PD hey PD how you doing I'm good how about
you I'm good I'm in the studio what's up what do you step down PD what do you
in sound a little little medicated yeah well you know you didn't know it's
going through this head tell me no that that's troubling going so wait I want
to ask H man some questions okay sure hit me how old are you H man 19 yeah so
But you would be the youngest W for your DJ, right?
I guess so.
I mean, I don't really know the rest of them,
but I guess if you do.
Wait, so you don't even listen to W for you?
What's going on?
What are you getting on this guy?
Just wondering.
I think P.D. has beef, I think he's.
I get you know why he's got beef with you?
Why?
Do you have beef with H-Man, P.D.?
I don't I try not to have beef with anybody. That's not what I asked. That's not what I asked a little bit
You have a little bit of beef with him
Yeah
Is it because he's he's got what you thought would you would have you thought that you were Robin and
Suddenly this other Robin came swooping in
Well, yeah, there's that I didn't I didn't want to I didn't really want to take over the show Tom
I just thought I would I would be Robin, you know, you thought that the day would come where I would go P.D. It's time
for what
To take over the show
What I just want to be Robin you want to be Robin's got to come over
What do you mean and then take over for me?
Well, if that's what it required. I could do that. Oh now you're showing interest. See you didn't show interest in the family business
What do you mean?
What's family business get off my phone
FM you you're on the air
Okay, here's the true test I'm gonna just step aside
You're right there her little wheeze on that I'm gonna step aside. This is H-man is now fielding this call. I am not here
H-man
Talk to this caller
Uh, hello, who's this? You're listening to WFMU and I'm the H-Man, what's up?
Hi, this is Spike.
Hey Spike, where are you from?
Uh, Queens.
How are you doing tonight, Spike?
Uh, I'm just calling to break you in.
Oh, thank you. Um, uh, I wanted to ask though, quickly, are you not going to like me because I'm under the age of 25?
Oh, it is true. I don't like anybody under 25.
Will you make an exception for me? That would be nice.
are you under twenty five uh... yeah i'm nineteen
you nineteen
well talk
you know i mean i just don't like people under twenty five the irritate me
hopefully i'm the exception
also tell i mean you've been trained by the best
uh... i know don't worry
you know so
you shouldn't have any problem
well thank you for the vote of confidence but hope that
ask him a question
uh...
ask him uh...
ask him about uh... his uh... harm movies
so you big fan of harm of the spike
oh yeah
that's not like
any any of the reason one's like are you more of an old
older hard-moving kind of person
well i'd like movie flight
you know
Texas Chainsaw Massacre
started at 13. I mean, I like the old stuff, too
The bars call off Bella Lugosi
Yeah on Chaney, Jr. You know, but I like, you know the ones where there's a lot of blood and guts
Those are always nice. Yeah, especially if you're in like the right mindset to get just go see someone's head get cut off
Yeah, no, so I like the ones, you know
Where corny little teenagers are getting hacked up and chopped up and decapitated and you know a lot of laughs
Very nice
Yeah, I do find those movies quite amusing
I mean, I know this is probably I might be out of your league
I mean, not out of your league, but I mean something different like another horror movie would be like a
Sweeney Todd. I'm a big musical person. So I was wondering if you if you saw that
No, I haven't. I always wanted to see it a bit of a musical. Oh, I'm brought to know with Angela Lansbury
Yeah, that's amazing. I mean, I only have the soundtrack, but it's just it's phenomenal and I I saw the movie with Johnny Depp and that's
Quite a lot of blood got admit. Oh
I've always wanted to see it, but maybe I will eventually when you get around to it
Yeah, I definitely recommend it because it's just they just add so much blood from next and it's all that good stuff and
cannibalism and it's amazing well my kind of moving make a little like a you
guys are like uh... uh... uh... bonding here
yeah yes oh right
spike
you actually are taking a movie recommendation from h-man
yes i don't
did plan on saying that when it came out but i just didn't want to pay to
thirteen dollars
i know yeah thirteen dollars
really in new york yeah
thirteen
it by me it's like ten seventy five for a
a night show
i just
i don't know
it's uh...
not
and
it's just uh...
it makes me a little less interested in seeing movies
there you go when they're like it's like ten seventy five
seen a lot of fun the issue
sometimes i try to uh... you know uh... you know uh... give it a chance to get the
child ticket chase the issue and hide it under an adult ticket with someone
else case comedy
you're working through comedy and so what do you do you take you lie about your age
well no what we do is the people at the theater near me
usually only check to see how many tickets there are uh-huh and don't
actually check the number of people who is for what so if you get the right
person let's just rip the ticket give it to you and you probably paid like
ten bucks less if you have a big group
ah so somebody buys the adult ticket then you load a couple kids tickets in
there and then put another you space them out a little bit exactly
I guess I gave away my little trick,
but you know, it's always good to help others out.
I like that.
I'm gonna give this, this is a successful call.
All right, how's your food there?
Like, do we have a lozenge?
Oh, no, I'm cooking something.
Oh, I was drinking some water.
Oh, drinking some water?
Yes.
More water?
No, cold water.
Is hose water?
No, from the baucet.
from who's faucet
my faucet
yours now when you say your faucet
did you have like uh... if you have like
like a jug in the sink is that what you're talking about that like you fill up
somewhere else
now
now
it's gone pretty good
now that was me
and that was not a gop mic
I really felt that that was a good call. It was my first like...
Solid.
Semi-solo call, I guess you would say?
Yes.
And I tried to give it up a spike, because...
Took the training wheels off on that one.
I was looking forward to his call, but he didn't say hello H, man. Like, he usually does.
I was waiting for that.
You know what I think it's time to do?
What?
I think it's time to start the show.
Okay.
You tell me what music you want me to do. I'll run the bo- I'm gonna be your board up.
Another thing I don't have here.
I come here soup to nuts. I'm doing everything.
Plug in the internet, go start the tape, the archive,
let me go put all the music on, let me hook the computer up,
That sounds really overwhelming, oh man,
I have a partner in my show at the school I go to,
so that's always a nice little...
Because you do a college radio show, which is where I discovered you.
Yep, that was that's where our sort of rivalry began. I guess yes
And then the rivalry was kind of like a buddy movie. It was like
It was like 48 hours, right?
Okay, all right, that's all right
It's kind of like rush hour. Okay, here we go now we're making the connections
So you're like Chris Tucker like cool
Right, right and my partner doesn't speak. No, I'm the other guy. Oh, okay
Let's say although I have heard that show and look I'm not gonna. I'm not here to criticize your college radio show
You're good on that show. Thank you that other guy
He has the worst
What do you have against him?
As a disaster and I'm telling you shuttle him as soon as you can I
Would go talk to you to
The dean
This is what I this is this mind, but you could take it or leave it talk to the dean
Tell the dean that he's harassing you
Get him thrown off campus
That way you don't even have to break up the partnership
You just get him expelled and the thing that goes along with that is he's kicked off the station
Would you consider that I couldn't do that you wouldn't even consider they even for a minute
No, you wouldn't consider framing him in any way. I mean say you saw him selling drugs nice, too
He's a friend of mine. I can't I can't do it to him. It was a business though. Yeah, you know
We work together. I mean some there's some stuff that he does that I just like picking some of the music
I just I don't know when I'm music to be able to pick and choose and he's really a lot better at that than I am
Yeah, he's not better at it. I mean, like some of the ones different. He has different tastes than you. Yeah, he has a very different taste, but I'm saying is like, we have to play half the stuff with the actual station itself. And he's better picking that stuff because he can like figure out good bands. Okay. I mean, well, you know what, we're going to give a taste now here. This is the best show on WFMU usually hosted by me, but now I have my protege in studio, the H man.
yep that's me the h-man i like that i'm the h-man lively yeah i like it too you
don't care do you okay but what she's just loose right i don't know i i'm you're
relaxing now i'm trying to yeah yeah you're doing a good job of it thank you
this we're gonna do hold it there we go okay right yeah and shake it off there
don't shake that much that was disturbing so we're ready to begin your
show you tell me I thought it already began no no this was the transitional
period okay now baby bird's gonna leave the nest now I'm mama bird right your
baby bird right yeah I guess in in this context yeah it's time for you to leave
the nest baby bird. But I will be here. I'll be like keeping an eye on things. If you need help,
you give me the high sign. Okay. All right. Yeah. But you're gonna have a topic. Right? Yeah.
You're gonna take calls. Okay.
I'm gonna put the calls. I'll give you the signal when I'm putting a call on the air.
Well, you're driving the bus now.
You ready?
Yeah.
I'm as ready as I'll ever be.
All right.
Well, why don't you tell me what song to play first?
What track?
Let's go with track 10.
Okay.
Hold on one second.
Let me get things set up.
Sure.
Okay.
Why don't you tell people about yourself while I get this set up?
Yeah.
As I said, I'm a 19-year-old college student.
I have my own radio station at the school that I,
I mean not radio station, sorry.
Radio show that I do with a friend of mine,
really good friend.
I'm in a fraternity.
I know that's a news.
It's called Kappa Delta Phi, it's a good group of guys.
We do a lot of community service work.
We did a lot of cleaning of the town that I'm in.
I don't know if I want to mention that just yet.
Yeah, I won't.
Not with these animals, remember they're animals.
Okay. Don't ever forget that.
And on my show, we really don't play
like a certain kind of music,
just because I don't really like a certain kind of music.
I just like a couple of different things.
Like I like a lot of oldies and some new things,
but we'll see a lot of older stuff like 80s
and maybe even further than that.
All right, I'm ready for you.
Okay.
You tell me what cut to play.
This is what we're gonna do.
I'm gonna point over to you and you're gonna say,
what song, you're gonna say,
hey, I got this song coming up.
it's bla bla bla bla
on w f m u the best show on w f m u with the h man
and i'm gonna and then were the songs gonna kick in
so yours
so we're going to be listening to the song
panic by the smits
and uh... the best show and w f m u with the h man what track is it
track ten
attracted to it again
we're listening to panic by the smits
uh... on the best show and w f m u with the h-man
sorry that was my mistake
i'm sorry
say it again
okay we're going to move it
you're going to be listening to panic by the smiths
on the best show and w f m u with the h-man
I wonder, do not tell
Like I'd better be saying again
The lead side change, but you slip down
I wonder, do not tell
Loves me lies in the grass mirror
But anyway, you're not safe here, so you run down
And you're safe at the town
But the panic on the streets are hollow
Dublin, Dundee, Humba, Sahib, I wonder to my head
We're down at disco
I owe the rest of DJ
Because the music that they constantly play
That saves nothing to me about my life
I owe the rest of DJ
Because the music that constantly play
Unbelievable, excited to just slip down
The provincial town's a joke around
I'm the teacher, I'm the teacher, I'm the teacher
I'm the teacher, I'm the teacher, I'm the teacher
I'm the teacher, I'm the teacher
I'm the teacher, I'm the teacher
I'm the teacher, I'm the teacher, I'm the teacher
I'm the teacher, I'm the teacher
I'm the teacher, I'm the teacher
I'm the teacher, I'm the teacher, I'm the teacher
Time toaffles
I'm so Lavender
You
Is there a hole in your heart, or am I mistaken, I can see a cap of everything?
You be the patient, I'll be the surgeon, just like first grad,
On the playground, I die
It's in the lock, you hear the clock talk
Calling for you
After that, there is not much as you can do
I am a pirate, you are a princess
We could share the suffering soon
Bring back some presents for all the people
I threw over love us, even caught me with love for all
Oh, I'm a pirate, you are a princess
We could sound the difference
Bring back some presents for all the people
I threw over love us, even caught me with love for all
Have you forgotten your place?
I'm being sarcastic
That step could kill the boss all the kids
Yeah, we have a good thing
She is a bad thing
But you wanna break us
Who would wanna break us?
Yeah, I'm soon enough
You hear the black talk
Calling your name
Every day
Your life will never be the same
He fought at the wonderful bus He'd been caught with me without the heart of
I am a pirate, you are a princess
We can set the set the search
Bring back the dress, search for all the people
At the moment, I must even court me with love for all
I am a pirate, you are the princess
We can set the set the search
Bring back the dress, search for all the people
Let's go on with our posse, then court me with love, oh, oh
So
and we're back from our musical break those two songs you just heard once again the first
one was panicked by the smiths I actually have the ringtone for that song which is kind
of cool just nice to hear that every once in a while and the song we heard right after
that was called I'm a pirate you're a princess by play radio play that whole name is one
word. All three words are just mushed together and I was off his album I mean
it's one guy doing it his album is called Texas. I really enjoyed that music I
heard it on my radio station back at school and I actually had to review this
song in the entire CD for the music department and I just I really enjoyed
this stuff it was kind of reminiscent of the postal service so I just I feel
like it really clicked and I just I constantly listen to that album and just
get hyped up every time I listen to it. And I also have a ringtone of that song as well,
which is kind of funny that I play that not purposefully, but I just really enjoy these
two songs that we just heard anyway. Time to switch things up. I'm gonna bring up a topic
now. As most of you know, at the beginning of this whole thing with me and Tom, I was
kind of like a rival because I entered the radio ring and he wanted to sort of take me
down but now I've become a protg and just bring things up about how people's views
change about other people and I was coming up with a topic over the past two weeks and
I thought it has ever been an instance where you've seen something or seen a celebrity
that you haven't liked or possibly have liked, there's just this one instance where it completely
turned around.
Another example I know it's sad that he passed away recently, but he's a ledger.
I didn't really know much of his stuff before the Dark Knight.
I didn't want to see it because it was very heroic, pretty boy kind of stuff.
And then he turned it around in the Dark Knight as the Joker, and it was an amazing performance.
But I will not spoil it, so do not worry.
I just thought that just really changed my view on him and just said that that was one of his last full performances.
So if any of you have had an actor or a celebrity or even like some sort of pop culture figure
that you didn't like or did like and then just one thing just it turned it around, give
us a call at 201-209-9368, I will be taking your calls because I'm the age man and I'm
I'm here tonight on The Best Show on WFMU, yeah, that's me.
I guess before we take any calls I could just bring up some things that I've been thinking
about lately, current events.
Two Saturdays ago I took my driving test, my five hour test, to be able to get my license.
I'm a late bloomer, I didn't get my license as soon as I turned seventeen or whatever
age it was, but I finally went and I wanted to say it was possibly the most boring and
horrifying thing I've ever been a part of, because first of all, the guy had just this
silly name, it was Alice Cinnamon.
When I heard it, I was a little, I don't know, chuckle a bit, and I was just sitting
there, just freezing cold room, just raining outside.
I was sitting next to two friends of mine from high school because it was a local place,
When I just sat there and listened to this guy, he had like a very like Lewis Black type
of way of talking.
Like he'd be talking to us and then something would switch and then he'd just go insane
and start yelling at us, telling us that everything we've been told by like parents
or anyone else who think they're like knowledgeable and driving, it's a bunch of garbage.
And I was like, oh God, I really don't want to listen to this five hours.
But I had to sit there.
We took a test first, like 25 questions on these different aspects of driving.
And then basically he would take everything that I thought would just, it was a common
sense for me.
Or like something my dad might have told me at one point that I just, I paid attention
to while he was driving me somewhere.
And then he just takes it and just throws it out the window.
And I, I don't know, I just couldn't handle that.
I just thought I'd bring that up because it was, it's quite painful, I don't know.
And in other news, we're going to take a call now, I guess, so let's do this.
We could hear, Mike.
Hey, Mike, what line?
Before we take this, I'm going to give you a little advice.
Okay.
This topic?
Yeah.
It's good.
You get the concepts good.
put the point, the point on it about face.
Where you person just changes their mind, right?
That's what you want to say.
I mean, give it like a thing.
Who'd you doing about face on?
That's what you're asking people, right?
Yeah.
So call it about face.
Okay.
Who'd you doing about face on?
You didn't like this guy?
Now you like him.
Okay.
You hated the, he's, he's.
I didn't really hate him this time.
You weren't a fan.
You weren't a fan, yeah.
Yeah.
You weren't a fan of Heath Leger.
and then all of a sudden
you see this movie
and you're you're you're the world's biggest he's legit fan
you didn't about face that's what you want to know okay so we're going to be
taking calls people
fm you you're on the air with the age man
how you doing
uh... who's this
joe from seattle
oh hi how you know that joe
i'm doing well how are you doing with your new show in your new found power
I'm good. I'm just trying to get into the whole mix and try to just not completely
just stop for like two minutes and not say anything. So I'm working on as I go along
and it seems to be working. So I'm kind of glad.
I think you're doing a great job.
Oh, thank you very much. Thank you for the compliment.
I got one for the topic.
Okay, cool. What are you doing about face two?
Jack Black, actually. Back in the day, he used to be a huge fan and was being into
nations be in all that with which nations to go
uh... watch and play with
really great show uh...
i went up to him afterwards or the whole group of people around him getting
autographs and all that my thought while you know what i'll get an autograph
jack black i love this
uh... so i go up to him
eight in line there's like five six people in front of me he signs one
autograph signed another autograph gets to me looks in my face and it goes
and turn the way it walks away
I was like, really, really. Jack Black just dissed me, for no reason.
You know, I didn't... I'm sorry.
Sorry, go ahead.
I was just saying, like, don't you hate that when there's, like, a celebrity you look up to and, like, you try to get an autograph or something.
And then it's just, like, it's just nothing, like, you expected.
Yeah, exactly. It seemed like a cool guy, but, um, he burned me.
In front of people.
Yeah.
So I got Kyle Black's autograph instead. It didn't make up for it, but, uh...
Good old Cajun?
Yeah, Kyle Glass. You're a big Kyle Glass fan?
uh... you know what now i am i got half a dollar with the name on it in my wallet
so
well
uh... so i did not about face one jack black it's all i got
uh... yes
have a good show it's man thank you joe have a good night
okay uh...
should we take another call
uh... fm you you're on the air with the h-man yet i also want to say that i think
kyle rocks too
okay uh... who says
uh... brights
uh... i have a i have a contribution for the topic and i go ahead brice
uh...
i didn't about faith on woody harrelson
okay well what was the uh... instance why didn't like him on uh... was the
show cheers
and then i found out something about him that made me kind of like him more
what was that
uh...
I'm guessing something to do with how he likes to use hemp for things.
Yeah, what does he like to do with it?
I don't know if I want to get into that on the end.
Come on, man!
Come on, Tom!
This actually isn't Tom. This is the age, man.
It's not Tom?
He's actually taking a step back for it right now.
Oh, that's weird because I was going to command Tom
on finally getting rid of that voice modulator.
It makes his voice go lower
Oh wow, I didn't know he had that
Who is it, Dr. H?
No, this is the H man
You couldn't describe something for me, could you?
Um, I'm sorry I don't have a doctorate or anything, I just
You don't need a doctorate?
I, um
Oh man, so Tom's gone?
No, no, he's here
Because he was my only friend on the radio after BJ Bryson did that Bryce Bites rally last week
I'm sorry to hear that.
Oh man, I saw him from Spinkweed.
He got all mad at me.
Oh geez.
What can I do?
I couldn't help it.
I smoked all the good weed because I had a job interview.
I don't know if that's the best excuse you could have given him.
I don't know.
No, I needed to be, you know, baked for my job interview.
Is that really, you really needed to?
Oh yeah, man.
You know why?
Why?
Because it was for new bridge weed enthusiastic, uh, Ford Knightley.
Oh, wow, I guess that better explains things. Yeah, I was just baked as Buzz Aldrin
When he went into space was Aldrin was baked when he went in the space. Yeah, I got a little tidbit for you doctor H
Yeah, what's that? Buzz Aldrin is not his real name
Really guess what it is. What is it? It's Buzz Aldrin ah?
Ah, yeah, I don't know why he's ashamed of that. Yeah, I don't know. I mean, I guess I guess Aldrin kind of rolls off the tongue
I don't know. Yeah, so I got this job. Oh, you got it. Yeah
You're speaking now to the roving smoker for new bridge. We didn't do the yes for it nightly
Wow, well
Congratulations, I guess. Thank you. I have a question for you. Sure. What's up? Well, I wanted to know I
I want to pitch this to you. I want to pitch a new section. Okay. Celebrity smoke out.
Um, I don't know if we could do that. Come on, you, you, you do it, right?
Um, I don't think I, come on, man. I'm sorry. Well, let me run this by. Okay.
Okay. Basically, um, I'd go to exotic local, uh, you know, locations and I want to smoke out
with the creme dalleries of new bridges biggest celebrities
oh wait so only new bridges celebrities not even like just the u.s or something
i just new bridge i mean it's a local it's a local rag right
okay yeah who would that include you me yeah oh awesome come on man i mean it
feels like you're going to be a huge star way bigger than tom
well thank you i guess i guess that's a sort of a double-sided compliment i don't
know i would you call man it's a lot i mean i can feel that you're going to be
a big i mean
it's the same feeling i got what i first heard chris baron's voice
uh... who's chris baron's wait
i'm sorry i don't know who that is uh did you see calms there
yeah he's he's in the state i think you need to school doctor h for a second
chris baron
that's uh... the guy from uh... spin doctors absolutely
well i had the same feeling when i heard his voice for the first time
and also had the that same feeling when i first smoked weed for the first time
that it's going to be a huge thing in my life
yes i want not to smoke with me
i'm sorry uh...
i can't it's that's not uh...
that's not how i how i roll i guess you could say
oh you roll jeepers oh my god i didn't know that i was talking to someone that
actually rolled and had a pattern of rolling
uh... i mean it's it's just an expression
yeah
yeah is there a room in that studio for both your guys egos right now because it
doesn't seem like it
uh... we're doing all right we're really okay
we're holding it down really cuz i'm getting kind of mad
okay well if you're a i i i don't want
uh... i i think i know it's going on right now
paper
uh... and doctor h yes
he received this movie called take that money and run
uh... i don't believe i have it's by woody alan
mmm
now it doesn't ring a bell
yeah i thought on she will learn to be fed last night when i was looking in
her window
oh wow
that's not creepy at all
well i don't know i would like to do that i do
monday shiva larson uh... tonight i'm going to check out the harris household
wednesday of course of the sharplings
uh... okay well uh...
what i said in my hair yeah i mean i think i would think it's cool that you
still eat all those hogan's heroes pv trace
oh god you actually are looking at it but you know i gotta say i do find it
weird that you eat while watching those tapes of your your self-playing
video games
that's not true and uh... doctor h yes what they've been weirder
it is that you never actually see the video game screen
you only see a super tight shot of com space
and what exactly kind of facial expression is he making
uh... it varies between like intense concentration and
something i don't really want to talk about
but it's gone right being said
different strokes
for people who are
uh... alike
well uh...
i'm sorry but that's a little revealing
and doctor age
yes
what's up
just between you and me
uh...
okay
will you ask him why he doesn't ever use a fork only that night and they're
really small teaspoon
uh... i don't want to talk about that all come on and now
all right well
hey are you going to look out with me or not i know tom doesn't like to do that
no
he frowns upon it
that's up to each man it's a show i'm sorry i'm sorry right right do it hit with
me right now it could be an air hit come on i'm sorry brice but i don't know
all right we did me one favor before i go sure what's up
all right i want you to play holy man for me
um i don't believe i have that oh come on man
tom you know what holy man is right uh i'm not exactly sure come on
Pacific Ocean Blue. Oh god, and now I know a little bit. Yes. A little, a little, a little
peach. Yeah, it's the song on the Dennis Wilson reissue of his 1977 solo album that was unfinished.
Yes. So naturally, who better to do the vocals on that song than the drummer for the Foo Fighters?
Absolutely. Yeah, Taylor Hawkins.
Hey, all hey, all right, uh, Tom and dr. H
Thanks, Bryce. All right, man. You're doing great. I think you're so much better than Tom was what he's going there, right?
Well, we don't know about that. I think he is. All right long live doctor H. Thank you, right? All right. Love you
Wow, I got another supporter. Oh, we're taking anything off. Okay
Say the topic again, we set the topic about facing with either celebrity or some sort of pop culture icon
I had mentioned Heath Ledger and how we get a lot of movies that were like, I guess you call them chick flicks
But I don't want to and then I mean, I mean, that's just like their their
Category you like a night's tale he was in. I don't know. I don't know if a lot of whatever
I'm sorry. I'm going on tangent that I shouldn't be um, but then I saw Dark Knight and it really changed my opinion of him
So if you have any about face stories call in at 201
209 9368 talk to the H man
Have him new you're on the air with the H man
Hey, how you doing?
Hello, who's this? Hey, this is Joey from Arizona. How you doing Joey? How's Arizona?
That's very very warm here. I wanted to participate in your event tonight. Okay. Thank you
Okay, so you talked about how Heath Ledger, you didn't like him and then you saw him in the Dark Knight, do you like him?
For me, I had to say I had a similar experience with Sir Ian McCallant.
Oh, okay.
You know, I hated him and Richard III, and I hated him and God's and monsters, and you know, it just wasn't very good.
And then I saw a pupil and I thought, well, maybe this guy's got something.
And then I saw Lord of the Rings.
Yes.
And I thought, wow.
Exactly.
Gandalf.
Yeah, he was amazing in those movies he was amazing and it blew my mind
Well, yeah, I mean it's an amazing performance in those movies should be commended. I mean I still think I still think his other movies
We're kind of <E.D.> now. I mean like no the third come on
Sorry to interrupt here H man when you want me to dump a call like if a guy's boring or it's pointless or going nowhere
It's give me the sign. Okay. Just give me the wave wave your arm
Okay, like if like if the call guys calling and he's a it's a total snoo
You're in charge now. Now look, I'm not saying that this call is a total snooze. I would
I don't know where anybody would get that from, but thank you for future calls. If a
guy is just completely laying there and it's just you feel like you're dying a little
bit inside listening to someone drain the precious commodity that are the public airwaves.
you give me the high sign and we move on
but for now i don't want to say one more thing i thought it was good next month
but i'll let you carry on with the show no no you keep going i did not
can't continue the conversation you're talking about
you're a big fan of uh... gandalf
exactly
the wizard
good times i think
i mean if you think about it he he really did a great job should have gotten
Oscar for it
i mean
you shall not pass all that jazz and he looked perfect for the part
The other rules, they had them and I don't buy it.
But that's it, that's all I got.
Well, thank you for calling.
I mean, do you have anything else to say?
There's an X-Men 2 with all these things.
This guy's got nothing else to say.
I was talking about that guy.
OK.
I couldn't have been talking about that.
I said I wasn't.
I couldn't have been talking about that guy more
in terms of wasting all of our time.
I'm sorry about that.
Give me the sign.
OK.
What's a comfortable sign for you when it's time?
this
run the finger on the throat i don't think it's like a
like hands up kind of the problem that's a very guy like that you know what
that still is to say that's a problem it's not definitive enough
this out
give them an out
thumb over the shoulder
okay so are you know getting back to things out
fm you you're on the air with the h-man
hi this is i'm justin from pelham new york
okay uh... justin how you do it
i'm good
i actually had a more of an opposite about faith i felt that
uh... i used to love uh... vincepawne i've found writing wedding crashes of
that didn't ever never really thought he was an amazing actor but i like the
guy but then after seeing more of his movies later on
i've done a
uh... control 360 and i've told i'm i've gotten to a point of hatred at this
point really well what what what's an example of something that made you
change
Their opinion about Vince Vaughn.
Well I feel like he's always playing the same exact role.
I could definitely see that, yeah.
Because he literally, like, I'll take a quote from Sam and Guy.
He is, oh, this is a wrap up of every Vince Vaughn movie.
Oh, I can't love anyone. I don't know how to love.
Oh, now I can.
That's basically how every single movie he's ever done,
has ended up.
and that you know they never really growth that much but i think that he
gets a lot more
credit than you really deserve
thanks for the call
thank you for the call
fm you're on the air with the h-man
hey chris i do it
i'm good how are you who's this
this is jake robokin
okay how you do it by jake
pretty good pretty good nice show so far thank you very much i got it
and you have part of topic i mean you have something i have something for
the topic yet uh... i have a question that have to be a movie related to your
gonna be a music related to me it could be anything to be musically movies
sports i'd be
news related about face for you okay sure go ahead
well i was over at that uh... all points west festival we can't radio head
show which was great and uh...
it just occurred to me at the show that uh... if you had told me in nineteen
ninety three that i would
one day respect radio head i would have uh...
last pretty hard i was not at all into the first time i thought that song
creep was
you know not that it's a terrible song but i thought it was kind of a big
kind of post-grunge
knock-off you know real real cliche kind of thing like
oh i'm so miserable
and uh...
couple years later when i first started talking up the bend and i was just
laughing at the time but uh...
but then i heard it and i was proven wrong and i have
continued to be proven wrong with every subsequent release
Ah, I mean, that's a good, bad face thing.
Thanks.
I wanted to say I really understand where you're coming from because I feel like they did a
good job with this new album.
I mean, I haven't heard of it, but I haven't heard it.
But I did like what they did with that whole, like you can pay whatever you want.
Really going for the fans more than for the record label or whatever they were going for originally.
Definitely, definitely.
Did you say you haven't heard it yet?
Unfortunately, I haven't heard it, but I have a good friend who's a big fan of Radiohead
So maybe we'll let me borrow some CDs. Personally, I think it's their best one. Okay. Thank you
recommendation. Hey, thanks a lot, and um, you want to say something a time real quick? Oh, yeah, sure
Hey, time. I just wanted to say thanks for for for announcing the info earlier on the volcano suns
I'm pretty excited about that. It's uh, it's a long way to January, but but it's definitely nice to know that it's
It's on the way. Yes, it is
Thanks.
Cool.
We're just doing it too.
They did a great job.
I mean, you guys together did a great job.
FMU, you're on the air with the H-Man.
Hey, how's it going H-Man?
Let me just say H-Man real fast.
Yeah, sure.
You're going to borrow your friend's CD of the new radio.
It's free.
If you want it to be free.
I guess I could just do that.
Yeah.
It was free.
Did it feel free?
I don't think it's still free.
Really?
No, I think they cancelled that.
Okay, well, then I'll be talking to my friend who borrows your day
Thank you. So who is this? Oh, this is Tim and Milwaukee. How you doing? I'm good. How are you Tim? I'm doing well
I think your new stint is going well and I
Read much. I appreciate that. So you got something for the topic. Yeah, I do, you know in a sort of a
Similar response to Joey. I think it was earlier
I really didn't like Ben Kingsley until I saw him in the love guru, actually, which I know people have said
Not so great, but I kind of liked it and I thought it was nice to see him sort of cut loose for the first time
You know, okay take things less seriously
He's been playing a lot of very sort of I
Would say pretentious
Characters in the past and I like to see him sort of play with the the format a bit, you know
Yeah, I guess I could see that I'm just I'm not a big supporter of the love guru
I don't know really I probably won't go to see it just cuz I don't think I'd want to spend 10 50 to go see Mike Myers
Do some old stuff. I mean I'm just I'm kind of done with Mike Myers, but you know, it's your opinion
Where did you where did you sort of leave the where did you get off the Mike Myers boat?
I mean like he also powers was good because there's new and then second one was decent, but by the third one
I was just like this is just awful. I'm done with it. I'm sick. He's only redeeming thing recently was on the VMAs
I mean, I think usually it might have been the movie awards
I think it was the movie awards when he yeah, when he did the Wayne's World thing
You just said you just said I've had enough. I'm sick
Are you you just I think you might say I'm sick of it. Yeah, I thought I did. I'm sorry. Okay. You said
Yeah, I've had enough. I'm sick. You're putting it. I would just want to make it clear. You're not sick
Yeah, I'm not sick. I'm sick of it. Yes, but yeah, I actually know why I think that I'm sick thing. It kind of works though
You know that could actually be a recurring H-man thing
That I'm sick. Yeah, I've had enough. I'm sick. Hmm. Well, we'll talk like that. I maybe that's an option. It could be good
Okay
Thank you for calling
you're on the air with the H-man.
H-man, is that you?
Let me just say real fast, I'm going to pot you down, junior.
You're listening to WFMU, East Orange, WXHD, Mount Hope worldwide.
On the worldwide web at WFMU.org, this is the best show in WFMU.
My name is Tom Sharpling, the former host of the Best Show in WFMU.
The airwaves are under control now by my protg, the H-man who is hosting
His segment of the show called
Is the topic on the tables called about face?
So the numbers 201 209 9368 you want to talk to the H-man? I'm gonna
Let's get it going again. Here you go. Okay, so if I'm you you're on the air with the H-man
Hi H-man, this is Steve in North Hollywood. Ah, yes, Steven North Hollywood. How you doing right?
Doing all right. I have one for the topic. Okay, sure hit
I pulled on a bout face on comedian Andy Daley.
Really?
Yeah.
What was the instance?
Well, I pulled a good about face.
I used to not think it was all that funny when I watched, you know, Mad TV and stuff.
Yeah.
But then I saw him do some live stuff on stage at UCB Junior.
Okay.
And I was just like, he's cracking me up as much as I thought I disliked him.
He was just cracking me up consistently. Yeah, I every time he opens his mouth
I just die laughing. Yeah, I actually have to agree with you on that one because I
Watched some of his stuff on med TV. I wasn't a big fan, but he did some stuff on Reno 9 1 1 and I'm a big fan
I just I thought he's hilarious and then he does a lot of stuff on Lewis Black's rule all evil now
And I also find that okay, it's just like it's his thing like he's not getting a script from like this group of people on
on my TV and being told to do this. It's his only thing, like he has to come up with
the whole thing about like, oh, steroids or whatever the topic is for that night. So
I think I definitely agree with you about face.
Cool, H-Man. Tom, love you, love the show. H-Man, welcome to the air, I guess.
Thank you, sir. Thank you for calling. FMU, you're on the air with the H-Man.
H-Man, this is Samir, and I'm coming from Florida.
How you doing mates Amir?
Very well, thanks. I'm enjoying your show. You're doing well. Oh, thank you very much. You always glad to hear that even even Bryce
Appreciated you. Yeah, that's a tough. That's a big fan to make. Yeah, I know and even in spike earlier. That was a impressive
Yeah, yeah, you're impressing the right people. Thank you. So do you have something for the topic tonight?
Yeah, I do. I hope it's not too controversial, but it's a it's a pleasant about face and it's
friend of the show Paul F. Tomkins
I initially only knew him from best week ever, having not seen anything else, and I don't really like that show, not so much him on it, but just that show really bugs me and I've never really liked it much.
I didn't have that high of an opinion of him, but then I started listening to him on the best show, and I bought his stand-up album in personal, in stores now, and now I'm a big fan, and I've talked to him on the show a couple of times, and he seems lovely.
Yeah, he seems like a really cool guy. I always like to hear him on the show and it was cool when he came in the studio recently.
Exactly.
Always good to hear PST, you know.
Then you get the thumbs up for me now.
Yeah, thank you for the call, Samir.
And no problem, and keep up the good work.
Enjoy the rest of your night.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Okay, yeah.
Yeah, I just want to...
Give the number out.
Oh yeah, so the number again is 201-209-9368.
I want to thank everyone so far for the calls.
It's been quite a good turnout.
I'm really proud of that.
And yeah, I hope it keeps coming.
Yeah.
So I guess we could talk about some new things.
I want to talk about my radio.
Oh, sorry.
Are we taking a call?
OK.
FMU, you're on the air with the HMAN.
Hello, HMAN?
Yes.
Hi.
This is odd, actually, after just hearing some years call,
but also public radio show
uh... host and friend of the show jessie thorne my about face okay and
who's this
to jake in san francisco okay
uh... so what was what was this about face jake
well at first when i heard a show and i guess maybe it was the involvement
i i would see it
very get
that really interested me
i didn't really care for jessie but
the guests were so fascinating and over time i realized
Despite Jesse's strange way of interviewing people, he always picks pretty interesting guests and kind of unconventional things compared to a lot of other radio hosts.
And that is, I don't know, the young guy who, it's very respectable actually.
That's somebody as young as he is to have made it as far as quickly.
Just based on being kind of interested in these things.
That's good to hear.
Yeah, thank you.
That was a good day.
Very good about face.
I'll let you get to your story.
Oh, right.
Oh, thank you.
Okay, so I was going to talk about my radio name, the H-Man, I just came up with it.
And I mean, I didn't want to talk about the origin, but I want to talk about more like
some of the other things that I read about that have the same name.
Like, I believe in 2010 there is a movie coming out with Vince Vaughn, who Justin earlier
mentioned, and called the H-Man Cometh.
And I was kind of shocked about it.
It's about a radio host.
was kind of like upset because I feel like people might think that I'm
stealing from him but I had no idea about this movie until just recently. So
please if you heard about it don't blame me. I just chose it because it's a cool
name. I use it with my brothers and I just it stuck. I used it at school. I
used it with my friends and it just stuck. So yeah. You didn't give yourself that
nickname though did you? No not really. Who gave it to you? As well as my brothers.
Using it we would all color collect each other by the first like letter and then the man
Yeah, so I didn't know that yeah, and then you mean there's a J-Man out there or is it like JPEG?
It's like J Bo. It's that's another thing. It's like bo is like brother kind of thing
It's a long story and it's kind of been lost in translation. What about J. Dump?
Mmm, I don't know maybe I don't think we never used it, but what about J. Whoa?
Jay well I've actually when I I've tried typing that in once just to like search
for him to see if I can find it on a certain website which I don't really
need to mention but it's like a porno I know it was like Facebook okay I guess I
mentioned it there you go what we're not competing with Facebook here I know
I'm just I don't want to start bringing up things about my my personal life
Hi.
Don't worry.
Everyone knows a young man your age is on Facebook.
Yeah.
And also another thing that has a reference to my name, apparently a movie in 1958 made
in Japan is called The H-Man and it's I guess some like crazy like really hard but like
an action like super hero kind of movie but I guess the guy has like hydrogen bomb kind
of powers.
I don't know.
I didn't look into it but I just, I heard it from my brother, Zach.
Zebo
Ready for more calls sure. Yeah, I'm always ready
FM you you're on the air with the H man. Hello. Yes. Who's this?
My name's Jenny. I'm calling from Oregon. Okay. How are you doing about Jenny? I'm okay
I'm a little freaked out actually. I just I was listening to your show. Yes. I originally grew up in New Jersey and I was like
The love Jersey radio shows and I heard that you had Jeff Wagon from Volcano Sun's on. Yeah, he was on earlier
He was talking a time about the the album of the symphiles. Yeah, the reissue of their first two albums
Yeah, well, do you have any way to get in contact with them because they were in Oregon about 20 years ago and
They blew through town
Yeah, that went a little too much. I'm sorry. I don't like that
Oh great
Wow, you want you e-mail me, we'll take that up off the air
Okay, so you're ready for another call each more always ready
How's this going for you? I am starting to really enjoy I'm really getting into it. I really I like I like the colors
It's been a good turn out that with the yeah topic. You're not getting a lot of the the creeps
Yeah, I haven't heard from James yet. So that's a good sign
Yeah. A little monster. It's too bad.
It's a number. Okay, once again, the number is 201-209-9368.
It's very confident now. I'm hearing it.
I should hear what you sound like an hour and a half of you.
Beep, beep, beep, beep, beep.
Now you're like 201-209-9368.
Yeah. And you've got to see.
You're winning people over in this chat.
Really look you know level with you okay the things started they hated you
Well because they think I'm stealing your show no, they thought you were terrible really had nothing to do with you stealing
Wow, they thought you were the worst, but there's people warming up now. Okay people are warming up now
People are saying good job, H man. This guy's growing on me. That's nice to you. I'm starting to like this show
I hope Tom never comes back
what? H man is a smash success guy. Todd just wrote that. Wow. So everything so
it's as their people starting to warm up people starting to warm up to the
H man now starting to get it. It's awesome. I'm glad to hear it. I'm not gonna mince
words. They thought you were bad. Really? And you were bad. Yeah I know. You were
bad. But now you're relaxed. Yeah. You're settling in. Yeah. Does this feel like home a
little bit yeah I'm starting to get back into the groove now you're not at the
groove like yeah the mindset of being on the radio now when you go back to your
your other college right yeah you got a watch you're gonna probably go in there
thinking you're you know yeah hot stuff and you know what you are hot stuff you
go in you you say look where I was the rest of you guys this is this is just
this place is a this is a nothing is chicken scratch this place you demand to
get on the FM station I'm actually going to try to get FM qualified next
semester yeah FM qualified yeah you actually have to be FM quad with the
GOM FM quality no because we go from am to FM the way the school yeah so like
with that you can take calls the way the system works is a little easier
somebody here wants to know if H man if the H stood for Hitler no no no no also
wait you're not a Hitler fan he's very he's very emphatic about that I've
actually called in once and said I do not like it there it was a while back
all right we're not gonna bring up good to say you're taking a stand though the
youth of today I'm glad to see the young people are politicized well it's
more just the fact that I'm Jewish but no what so you think people who aren't
You like Hitler? I'm just saying that it's more like it's insane. I didn't mean that at all
I just meant that it's more natural for me to dislike such a man
Okay, you know what? I'm sorry. I
Understand what you're saying. Yeah
Don't worry about people of all religions hate Hitler. I know we're all in this together in hating Hitler. Yeah
Atheists hate Hitler
Is that true?
Yes
Okay, what do you think they like? Hey, he's all right. I don't believe in God
So it's all right that this guy just is a a slaughtered millions of people. That's okay, cuz I don't believe in God
Okay, all right H man. You were we're we're starting to lose control. Yeah, okay. Let's get back on track
You anybody good here Mike
One
How you feelin' out there?
Do people want to know if H-Man stands for heroin?
I don't believe so, no.
You know what I think it stands for?
What?
Hero.
Oh, thank you.
I will definitely put that into thought.
Enter there.
As in the sandwich, though.
No.
I'm fine with that, too, you know.
I like sandwiches, I'm a big fan of sandwiches.
Okay, again, you're out, you're taking stands on issues.
So wait a minute, for anybody keeping score at home,
H-Man hates Hitler like sandwiches,
pro sandwich anti-Hitler.
Exactly, but if it was a Hitler sandwich,
then that's a different story.
Let's see, you know what?
H-Man just won up then.
FMU, you're on the air with the H-Man.
Hey H-Man, this is Erica double dipping.
Oh, okay.
I'm with you on the Hitler and the sandwiches.
Thank you, always good to hear that people
agree with my level of sandwiches,
but my hate for Hitler.
Yep, I love sandwiches almost as much as I hate Hitler.
Wow, how about gerbils?
With gerbils?
No, gerbils.
Gerbils, yeah, he's definitely on my thumbs down list.
How about for you, H, man?
I don't even know what that is, unfortunately.
Okay, I'm not a big history person. I don't know, but I guess if he's not see I wouldn't like him either. Okay, so
So you're against Nazis. Yes
Okay, all right. It's coming clear. So tonight you don't like
Hitler
Okay, fine. All these Nazis you don't like I guess yeah, what about the ones do you like space?
You like do you like space travel?
It's man landing on the moon.
You like that?
Yeah, I mean.
So you like those Nazis.
What?
The Nazis who joined the US to help us with our space program.
I guess I should take back my comment and say that there's only certain groups of Nazis
that aren't on my high list of good pieces.
You like certain Nazis?
Yeah.
The ones that killed the millions of Jews, you know, those ones.
You like those?
I hate those.
Thank you. I like the ones that helped us out. I wasn't sure what you were saying
No, but these Nazis of nazis like hey, I was a Nazi
But you might want to do this rocket in stages and then it can no another move that guy's okay
Yeah, look I was a Nazi, but I'm gonna help us put a u.s. Flag on the moon
That guy's okay. That works
Wow
You might want to revisit that stand
Okay, man
You might uh, I guess I don't know. I'm not knowledgeable enough. You might be you might be in for a rude
Uh, I think you might be getting a sit-down talk tonight by your parents. Okay
Okay, okay, I'm sorry all of them. I I wish I knew more about not see equals bad, okay
Okay, so we're just gonna we're gonna keep it with that. Okay. Yes. We're gonna keep it with not sit back. Okay, all right
Move on to the next all right topic Erica. Yes
Yes.
Everyone for the talk?
Okay, cool.
Cute.
Well, this was kind of like a, it was an about face, but it kind of just, all right,
let me explain.
I was always in the comedy and I always like, stand up when I was really little and I always
watched, you know, Mr. Show and that kind of thing, but I was never into, I guess, what
you would call the whole alt comedy, you know, saying and I never really sought out
a lot of stuff.
Pat and Oswald on Comedy Central and that kind of stuff.
Then I saw the documentary, Comedians of Comedy, and I
where something clicked in my brain, and from that point
forward I was obsessed with downloading every
Zach Alvinakis or Pat and Oswald or
Bob and David, every obscure thing I could
get my hands on, like that documentary just kind of
plus some kind of string in my brain and maybe I'm sorry to interrupt Erica. Somebody just asked
what if, what's your favorite kind of sandwich?
Anything with like hot sauce in it. I'm big fat hot sauce in it.
Describe your dream sandwich right now. Okay. Um, it's actually, I'm okay. Chicken cutlet,
like a good chicken cutlet. Okay. Lettuce. All right. Mayo. Tomato. Okay.
jalapenos. It hot sauce. On what kind of bread? A wedge. I guess whatever they
call them. It's original. Okay. What if you're eating that sandwich? Right? Yes.
You're in a deli, right? Yeah. You're eating, you're like, this is the best
sandwich I ever had in my life. And then you notice a Nazi flag in the back of
the kitchen in the deli after you enjoy would you what do you do then i i i
i think my my view probably have to change it i probably would stop going
there because you know even a sandwich is just a sandwich that we deal all right
but if they want to that people want to know i'm only right i am i'm merely a
messenger here okay well that's that's their answer i i
probably wouldn't go to that deli anymore and yeah never mind okay
Yeah, I would finish the sandwich, Mike.
I would eat it up, then I'd walk out proud
of never going there again.
Uh-huh.
But you'd finish the sandwich.
You know what, I'd take it to go.
That's what I'd do.
Fair enough?
You want to know what?
Advantage, H-Man!
He just put Mike in his place.
He put me in my place.
He put the guy who asked that horrifying question
in his place.
and even put erica in her place and she's not even out of place
thank you for calling erica is there anything else you'd like to say before
uh... nope that's it
oh thank you for calling
all right have a good night
because the guy uh... on the message board yeah there's a guy kick the bobo
yeah
he actually started going to this racist deli right really
where where the guy was the he heard the guy getting all racist behind the
counter
but he loved the sandwiches so much
and he didn't know what to do
so i guess it's a universal dilemma what's coming up at the side of the
episode the soup nazi
well soup nazi wasn't literally a nazi though
people they hated him but yeah but he wasn't like i know that
wasn't a nazi
they call them that because he was like a bully
we're calling that could be like a swastika band on its own they still they
still went even though he had issues with anyone who came to his
i'm gonna say
You need to re-watch the soup.
Yeah, I literally haven't seen it in five or six years, I'm sorry.
I'm going to say the certain elements of the soup Nazi episode may not have clicked.
I'm a little rusty with myself.
All right, that's fine.
You know, look, you're on fire right now.
OK.
I'm telling you, I don't know.
You know what I want?
To never come back here and do this show.
I want on Tuesday nights to put my radio on and listen to you do this show.
But I can't do that.
I don't know.
will you quit school
to do this show
on tuesday nights
i'm sorry to school versus this show
and i don't call it more often
all i'll tell you here are the here are the
here are the
pros and cons
the cons
you don't get paid anything
the pros
you get a harassed by people on the internet i would know that's one of the
cons also
and one of the pros is that uh...
the message board for the show will explode
in your face
and you'll spend a weekend coming to know that's another that's a car
i'm going to let me rephrase it
will you please do this show
so i don't ever have to do it again
but you do have to quit school i don't think i have i don't think i have the
same amount of
juice that you'd have i i've personally i couldn't do the show alone like
you're nothing but juice
you're all potential you but i need i need a nothing
I need a partner. I'm yesterday's news. I couldn't do this by myself. That's the one problem. You want to get your buddy in
Escado in here, don't you? Yeah, that would be funny, but you know, I don't know. The offer is off the table if that guys
Why don't we just do like a co-op? I mean, I couldn't do it during the year, but we'll see we'll see we'll see okay
FM you you're on the air with the H man
Hi, this is a jock from New Haven. How you doing my jock? I'm doing pretty good
Wait, if I said what I can about face, I was about me.
Yeah, I had an about face about you with the Hitler sandwich.
The Hitler sandwich, you really relax there.
I like that a lot.
You relax.
All right.
You just let it out.
It was great.
I think I'm doing an about face on the H-man the other way after I sleep in the middle.
Oh, no.
The little dance there.
Well, I mean, this guy just felt like, I don't know, he just.
Oh, you did a dance?
You did a dance?
He did a little like a fist pump kind of thing.
He did a thing as if he was in the dugout watching someone on his team hit a home run.
Oh, okay.
I did it about face back again.
Oh, please.
No, no.
Oh, good night guys.
Good night.
Oh, wow.
You know what?
Guys like that are good.
You need the people to wait.
Yeah.
That's the other thing.
Because you didn't have it anymore.
Again.
You couldn't have anything to work off of.
Ever.
There's 61 people in the chat right now.
57 of those people are animals.
I'm telling you.
Wow.
people are are I would not trust but see the things four of them I would trust
but thing is see this is a thing you say that and everybody thinks they're one
of the ones that you trust exactly you just say oh there's a few that are
awesome then everybody's like oh I know I'm one of the people people say I get
a crumb bum thinks he's one of the oh I know I'm one of the good ones so Tom
I'll talk about the other 58 people here.
What do you think, Mike?
Mike's out of control tonight.
FMU, you're on the air with the H-Man.
Hey, H-Man, how you doing?
I'm good, who's this?
This is Daniel up in Boston.
How's Boston tonight, Dan?
It's beautiful, how's New York?
Well, it was good.
We're in Jersey right now.
Yeah, so you have something for the topic?
I do, I got an above face.
Cool, let's hear it.
All right, so like 10 years ago, I'm down in New York,
and I'm looking at colleges, and I'm down off by NYU,
and I'm walking across 4th Avenue, and I run into Bob Malaban.
Wow.
And I say, hey, I loved you in close encounters,
and he turns around it just says
thanks
oh geez what a what a downer
it was a pretty big downer yeah
and i i i i was
you know i was seventeen i was being sincere
that's similar to that jack black story you know people
will uh... expectations are higher
i know i wish i could have been more original and i was literally what happened
well thank you for the comment
fm you you're on the air with the h-man
hello h-man yes is this
this is dave from menhattan
i don't know if you
pretty good how are you
i'm doing really well
uh... good i actually have a couple of things first of all i just wanted to
let you know
that i don't know if you're aware of this enough but it's actually a
movie
called the h-man
what uh... what's it about
it's about it's a japanese science fiction movie that i have no reflection on
you but it's about radioactive swine
that live in the sewer that that's the one i i'd briefly mention earlier when i
was talking about the name i guess oh oh yeah i didn't catch that i know more
details about it
uh... you go well anyway i also had uh... something for the topic
and about date although i'm just a one thing so i don't say
you want to come to these guys just do it
okay serious okay
if anybody like if a guy
for example
starts talking about something we've already uh... we've already talked
about a half hour ago
owes a momentary laughs come on how you can come
i'm just saying if
that's one of that's in your toolbox
i've got a good one for the topic of that
well let's see the topic cv okay uh... my about face
and this is in a positive direction
uh... is uh... regarding
the actor johnnie depp
okay now
uh...
i
first encounter johnnie depp because i had a girlfriend who loved
twenty-one jump street
and of course
as all girls did back then love johnnie debt
and now i always just considered him another pretty boy actor not too
substantial and then yet the years went on
yeah he got some critical claim for a couple of roles here and there but
it's still never clicked with me but then i saw
him in sleepy hollow which is an awful movie
but he was great you say awful or awesome awful or yeah there are i i hope
I hope you would say that. Oh, yeah, but you know, that's when it struck me that he was a really good actor
Even in a crummy crummy movie like that
he kind of stood out and really
Created a good performance and from then on get off my phone. I've actually been a total about face. What's that?
I said get off my phone. Oh, you want me to hang up on that? Yes. Oh
Thanks, I'm sorry, but you gotta I mean it's just it's it's too long
I
Should have gotten faster on the drawing that one because you're never supposed to live with the have to face the guy
You were like I was like oh, thanks. Wow. I'm sorry man, but it was just too drawn out is
Yeah, it was a snooze, right? He was saying that the movie was awful, but he saw that he was a good actor
I it just didn't click it didn't make sense fm you you're on the air with the H man
Hi H man. Hello. Who's this? This is Lisa calling from Baltimore. Okay, Lisa
How are you doing?
Good, how are you?
I'm very good.
Hi, Tom.
I've been a fan for a while.
Hi.
Thank you.
So I have something for the topic.
Okay, cool.
Go ahead.
It's, I think this is kind of on topic, but it's about, well, about 10 years ago.
I was waiting tables, and I was, you know, I wasn't trying to be an actress or anything.
So, waiting tables, and I was told that I was in New York City, kind of like Nolita area,
And I was told like card people if they look under 30, which I think is kind of like what
most people do.
And so somebody comes in, she has a high voice, she's blonde, a Carter.
The two guys are sitting where they're like, ha ha ha ha.
And they think that's really funny and I still don't recognize her and I'll try to get to
the point really quickly.
The bartender and I were trying to figure out who she was because she was obviously an
actress because she was talking loudly about herself.
Anyway, it turned out to be Renee Zellweger and I asked her like straight up like, I can't recognize you, what were you in?
Anyway, she responds by saying, do you see movies much?
Wow.
So anyway, that's another one of those downers with the expectations of the celebrity.
Yeah, and the thing is, I didn't know who she was then and now I just don't really like her at all.
hmm like i didn't have any of the opinion about her now i really don't like her
anyway
it was just kind of silly but
it's kind of funny
okay well that you they were calling
fm you on the air with the h-man
hello h-man
who is this
this is really
what
my name is i'm calling for chicago
uh... what's your name i'm sorry did you have a very crazy phone i don't know
Oh yeah, it's my phone. My name is Liz.
Okay, Liz from Chicago. How are you doing today, Liz?
Is this the public radio, Liz?
Yes, it is.
Age man's probably going to get a show on public radio before I do.
Oh, you never know.
Tell me why I couldn't cut it on.
I'm serious. I'm serious now.
Not joking at all.
Public radio, some of the flotsam on public radio.
You tell me I couldn't get an hour.
i'll tell you i'll talk again
you're talking to a
very powerless person i'm just a technical person
i got no i got no power
i got no power to change anything otherwise i would you walk the tape down
the hall
and basically yet walk my tape down the hall
it's you know i put the letters in the slots
in the mail slots in the mailroom i don't know what that you've got a swing
you don't get off the island by bunting
Liz.
It's the truth.
I'm working on it.
So go ahead.
Sorry.
Do you have something for the topic?
Okay.
I've got something for the topic, but it's not about based on a person, about based on
a genre.
Okay.
That's fine.
So I grew up in kind of an urban area.
All we really listened to was like full music and disco.
And that was, you know, and I loved it.
It was great.
I loved music.
And I just assumed that country music was not for me.
It just seemed like I wasn't the target audience.
However, when I went to college, I had a boyfriend who
went through this country music phase.
And he made me a mix tape.
And all of a sudden, I was listening
to Graham Parsons, Wanda Jackson, and Emma Lou Harris,
and Kathy Klein.
And I was all over it about Facebook country music.
OK, that was a good one.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Yeah.
He's not very interested in your topic.
Well, I mean, I'm just not a big country fan, but that's just me.
I mean, you don't like country music?
I mean, there's a couple of things that might be like a hard country.
I'm a big and rich.
You like them?
I know.
I haven't heard any stuff.
Cowboy Troy.
He's good.
No, no, no, no, no.
The old stuff is the good stuff.
The old stuff.
You mean like the first big and rich album?
Yeah, reach back.
See, what's the song like?
What's that song? It's like Save a Horse Ride a cow boy.
No, please. I only know like Hank Williams.
Who's that?
He's like their granddad.
I guess so I can Google it later. Thanks.
Okay, thanks. Have a good night.
FMU, you're on the air with the H-Man.
Hello?
Yes, you're on the air.
This is the H-Man, huh? Yep. Who is this?
This is Jenny from Oregon.
you called earlier right I did call or earlier okay you want your email me Jenny
I will email you but I want to spend still want to talk to you I won't talk
about things to the things okay okay so do you have some of the topic or no
what you're talking about like in about faith and I just wanted to kind of say
if like you know you can't bash a guy who was just on earlier that's not
that's not cool I give up that's gonna be yours now this is your domain these
These are your people now.
No.
I'm done.
In 21 minutes, I never come back to the station again.
That's not true.
I just can't take it.
It's yours.
It's too overwhelming.
Admittedly, you have to quit school for it.
But that's okay.
What are you going to do anyway?
Seriously.
Learn, enjoy the next three years.
What's your dream?
What was your dream job?
If H-Man presses a button and all of a sudden is doing his dream job, what is that dream
job?
writing for some sort of like entertainment form like what I like it like a TV series
I mean I'm not like I can't think of a lot of like witty comedy but I like like George
no interview show more like I survived Japanese game show no no reality game show okay okay
So more like a cold case. I don't watch that, but I mean like I don't know. I feel like
I'm Miami. I could that could be a choice. I mean something something similar to that. Yeah, I
Mean I could try comedy, but I don't think I could keep constantly coming up with that many like great ideas
I probably need to work with a lot of people
So you um so that would be that's what you're gonna work toward. Yeah
I mean, it might change, I'm only in my first, I'm only in my second year.
You're a young guy, you might 10 years from now look in the crystal ball and all of a
sudden you'll be, you know, your love of sandwiches might come in very handy as you make $5 foot
longs.
What, subway or a Christmas?
I look, that's up to you.
I don't know.
Well, cuz I mean, they have those...
Depends how would you like toasted bread?
No.
Do you like toasted bread or not?
And it's an added bonus, but if I have to pay extra for it, I don't really care.
So I think what they don't charge extra, Quiz, I think I could be working at a Quizness.
I don't want to, but if that's what life takes me, I guess I'll be there for a little bit
and find something else.
That's definitely not what life takes you there.
That's not a career move.
When you're blowing in the wind, all of a sudden you find yourself working at a Quizness?
No.
I hope not.
That's all I gotta say.
It'll be okay, you'll end up where you're supposed to end up.
You got a good head on your shoulder.
I think you'll look in the future, it'll be you.
Head set on, right?
Talking into a microphone, right?
Yeah. How's that sound?
I mean, that was another thing I was thinking about
because my concentration in school
is radio and TV production.
Okay, that's a good idea.
Well, let me look into my crystal ball and see where I see you.
Cool.
You're talking into a microphone.
you're making announcements yes you're talking to all kinds of people you're
saying platform for you just said platform for
I don't know I really don't want to be oh okay leading trades around you just
go okay let me look into my crystal ball you still are talking into a
microphone okay people are listening with what they they were hanging on every
word as you tell them which aisle has a sale on cascade I thought you'd be like
you're in a mic talking to microphone you say I'd like to be size that please
or something similar you know that's not gonna say okay well that's fine because
if you work you look you're not gonna work in effect you're gonna work at
McDonald's. I hope not. You're not gonna work at Burger King. You'll definitely if you're gonna work at any kind of food service thing
It's gonna be like a sub-place.
It doesn't work. I mean, I'm feeling- Come on. For now. You're actually rolling with this. No.
I'm teasing you and you're actually letting your actually go. Yeah, that sounds okay.
Like now if I'm a college student doing that, but not after college. Never would I do want to do that, can I?
I see you now in my crystal boy. Look you have your college diploma
You're holding it
Now you're setting it down on a counter
You're actually putting it on you're putting it on a bun on a roll and now you're putting lunch meat on
You're eating your college diploma
You're laying jalapenos on top of it. Oh god
Back to the phones. Yes. If I'm you you're on the air with the H man. Hi
who's this it's Cam and Vancouver okay how you doing Cam I'm good how are you
I'm doing very well get something for the topic yeah I do it's about John Mayer
John Mayer okay yeah and I guess it's not really an about faith about him as a
musician but more as an individual I guess yeah cuz initially when I heard
him when his first debut single came out. I immediately thought he was pretty terrible.
But since then, I've seen him on the Chappelle show. He did a music video with Futura 2000
Taps Crew, and he did a special concert at A-Life with Just Blaze. And I thought, well, this guy
guy seems to actually like he might be kind of cool and maybe
he might be a nice guy to hang out with but
i still don't really like his music at all
i understand where you come from because he
i know he did something called john maris a tv show a couple years back
was that i think i don't know maybe i'm vh1 but i'm not sure
he's on some vh1 like top moments in reality or whatever
i remember he did like this thing where he just sort of uh... make it one of
himself and that is like a polar bear costume
I thought it was kind of funny, I thought it was a good nature where he doesn't think himself too seriously.
Yeah, I don't get VH1 in Canada though.
Oh yeah, sorry.
Yeah, that's okay.
Well, thank you for calling in.
Alright, thank you.
Have a good night.
Bye.
Somebody just asked on the chat, what if when you're working at QuizNose, if you realized one of your co-workers was a Nazi?
It'd be done, it'd be over, I couldn't deal with it, why?
That's not even a trick question, it's not even challenging, I mean, you can find another
job, that's all you do.
Okay, you guys are not standing for this.
I can't work with Nazis.
FMU, you're on the air with the H-Man.
Hello.
Yes, you're on the air.
Hi, I have a watchful topic.
Okay, who is this?
This is Joanna from Portland.
Okay, just get out of your top.
I'm sorry, you're, what do you have for the topic?
I did on About Faith About Parker Posey.
Okay, and what was the circumstances?
I used to love her.
I mean, she was the darling of the independent movie scene,
and she was really, really funny in all of the Christopher
guest movies, and I just thought she was fantastic.
And then, she was in this show that was so unbelievably
terrible that it only lasted three episodes.
It was the turn of Jezebel James or something like that, the revenge, or I don't even know.
But it was by the same people who did Gilmore Girls, which is one of those classically underrated,
or I don't know, maybe it's getting attention now.
Anyway, the point is, she was so, so bad.
I mean, it hurt watch.
She was so bad.
So you don't like Jessica, you don't like Parker Posey?
No, I mean, normally I do like her.
I just but her reading of the line was just so flat and she wasn't get off my
phone. Okay, I'm sorry. Why is that you happening? You can't apologize after it.
Get off my phone. I'm sorry. Well, no, because I keep hearing the person afterwards.
No, no, she didn't hear it. She was gone by that point. Don't worry. Okay, sorry.
Sometimes you hear them here though. You don't hear it necessarily on the air.
Okay, sorry about that Tom to you not on the on it. I own the gump. I just I need get off my phone
I'm sorry your thing. So I just I can't get back on my phone. That's what you're saying basically
Get off my phone
You're asking will you get off my phone? No, just you're asking is the question
If I'm you you're on the air with the H man
Hey, age man. Who's this? This is Mark from Winnipeg. Okay. How are you doing today Mark?
Pretty good, you? I'm doing well. Just coming to the end of the show, but you got something for the topic?
No, I just wanted to comment on you're doing a very good job considering how we started off.
I want to say that age man is good in my books.
Thank you very much were you were you one of the people who I didn't like me in the beginning, but then like no
No, I didn't like you. It's just I was I was gonna miss Tom. Okay
Tom's very important. So yes, he certainly is
But I had a good idea. Yes, if Tom's gonna leave and you're gonna take over the show you should have like a
Sidekick or award or something. I think that that should be Spike
Spike
Don't you think he'd be interesting on the radio
Perhaps but some I don't know I feel like some of these conversations on on air on this show
Uh, some tend to like just go places. It's just not as interesting as you'd like possibly
But that's that's why you're there you're there to guide him and he's there to give his opinion that
You know
Hey, any chance you can turn your radio up more in the background
Oh, yeah, I just heard you talk about spike so uh get off my phone
Yeah, I tell you get off my phone geez get off our phone our our collective phone
If I'm you you're on the air with the h-man
Hello, yes, who is this?
This is Jeff Jeff from
Jeff from I'll pop the lake. Okay. Hey you're into my Jeff. I'm good man. How are you? I'm doing well
I'm just taking calls and talking about the topic. You got anything for it. It's good
Um, I just want to say that I worked at Quizmos for a year and I worked with a Nazi and it was quite interesting
He used to um
Used to take the dressing and putting on the sandwich in a swastika and it was just it was very awkward
Um, okay, I guess that's an interesting thing to say, but uh
Get off my phone, please. I don't want to hear
Oh, you what get off my phone, please odd
I'm working on it. You don't have it in you don't have that killer. I really don't that's what you need. I'm telling you
Yeah, that's why I don't have it. I can't do this show. I can't do the gums. So you do wonder what you're right
You're you're too raw. Yeah, I'm rescinding the offer to have you host for the rest of the run
I've got to pull it off the table. Yeah, you're just not there yet. I know I need more training
You need more you do need more training. You're lonely. You're not molded into that Adonis yet
Yeah, I'm just like I'm now like a square, but you need to keep pushing it up. Exactly. Exactly. It's partially
Yes, you're doing a great job. Thank you. This is one of the most fun shows. I've been a part of me. I'm telling you again
You started off it was a train wreck. I thought I was doomed when the when this thing started off
I was like what what did I do here? This is gonna be an
an absolute travesty
but as it's gone on I've started to see it
I've seen the flashes you're getting into you you need you just need the time
now you just need the time
if I'm you you're on the air with the H-man
hello is that me yes that is you who's this
yeah hey man what's in that I think he's doing a great
how about a little skeptical earlier but you're a great job thank you and
who is this
yeah this is japanese tom there
i need to talk to tom pretty years
this is tom
it's not from the front
okay
yeah look like i've heard it like
from some female called earlier tonight talking about like uh...
progeny uh-huh
i just want to know that that's true
i was never an organ
all right so you're so you're uh... denying these uh... the this woman
making her a paternity claims
uh... i'm not yet that word
i'll tell you that
all right um... you know uh... it's just like you know you
a lot of crazy people call them on each one line
you want to know what i'm glad you clarified that
i wish we could keep talking about it
each man's given me the the finger across the throat
This is his segment. This is his segment. All right, man. Good night. Thanks, Jeff. You know happy birthday
Okay, so you said earlier that you're in a fraternity, right?
Yes.
Really?
Yeah.
Fraternity, like frack.
Yes, but I mean, it's not just that stereotype you're here.
We do a lot of good stuff.
We did have blood drive at the end of last semester.
Okay.
Yeah, so we got a lot of people, so it was really helpful.
blood for town. We did a clean, it was called a clean sweep where they designated us a
street and we would pick up the garbage to help clean up and make it nice. And we had
some other stuff coming up this year. It'll hopefully be good.
But what about the other side of the frat? You know, the one I'm talking about. The violent
side.
Violence.
Yeah.
I've never heard of violence.
You know what I mean? The side is where it's like the crazed side.
I don't know if I really can talk about anything like that on air.
I get it. I don't know legally. I don't even I don't even know anything
Like if you guys like like what have you
Look not naming names
You're in a frat obviously a frat is code word for just like
destruction
Right now. It depends on which
How about the hazing that you went through to get in the frat there was none what did they do to you?
They didn't I first of all I can't talk about it and say well
They didn't we can't talk about it because they go to the school's regulations. They're one of the few at the school
It does it which is really nice. Did they you go? Okay? We won't go into any details
were you
Were you like locked in anything like confined in like a trunk or anything dropped in the middle of the woods
In your in your in your
Undergarments now. It was a very good learning experience. I learned about the people who I worked with my pledge brothers
So is really good. What's going on? What kind of frat is this? It's too sure it's an actual frat
Yes, it's not just like this not like
Accepted or something where you're making up a it's an action over turn elites mostly in Northeast like yeah
It's all right. You can look it up on Wikipedia
Tell you these frats need to get tougher
Well, there are some. It's just ours. It's like it has its good sides of me.
You ever go up against the other frats in like a...
Like a brawl?
No, like a competition. You know, like where you have to like,
like, you know, like put on a dance show and things like that,
so you can put together the best thing like that or maybe throw a javelin
thing like that.
Before I was in the fraternity, they had a Greek week thing
Uh-huh, where they get all the organizations together
Like a pie eating contest and stuff like that, but they but it's violent
There's like a violent element. I don't think it's violent because it's run by the school
But are you guys planning on rating any other frat houses this year and like smashing everything? They absolutely know I know
This is what I would look
My idea take it or leave it
You take your preemptive strikes on the other frats you go in I'm telling you
smash everything they've got and so the people don't even know whether that was
an iPod or whether it was like a shower or like a towel rack you know like by
the time you're done with it I don't know if I'd like to be a part of it
fair enough if I'm you you're on the air with the H man
uh... but uh... but uh... yeah i'm looking for tom sharpling please
uh...
yeah he's here
i'm here
hey uh... tom
uh... yes yes uh... it's tim hock news from the new bridge republican
times herald democrat
how are you doing okay look uh... need to talk to you real quick here on
deadline um... when they get a quote from you regarding your moderating
next tuesday's uh... may you have a tutorial debate
sorry
i want to get a quote from you uh... regarding your moderating next
tuesday's mayuban tutorial debate
i don't
know anything about that are you serious yes
well you as far as i can tell you are the moderator i think it turned out that
you're one of the few local uh...
i'm using quotation marks
celebrities in uh... newbridge is actually not running uh... i guess you
couldn't get the thirty seven signatures that well i'm not correct
now i'm not interested in being mayor of of newbridge why not
because it doesn't interest oh okay i'm sorry uh...
but i'm just looking at uh... my brief on you uh... here you're one of the
bigger names on uh... one of new bridges middle-tier junior high school radio
station that true how it's junior high school i'm sorry high school high school
sorry it's not it's not high school it's an it's a free-form station
with no ties to any college or high school or cheaper i'm sorry okay
uh... well anyway this is apparently a huge honor for you i i understand you
uh... have you gotten
fitted for your tax yet
uh... i have not so i'm going to be
i'm going according to you i'm going to be moderating the the debate yes yes
uh...
yeah and from what i i can gather from what i've heard uh... they're expecting a
full house at the new bridge may even tutorial debate center
which i i think you know it's been built yes yes it's got to be finished
And I'm using quotations when I say finished
Okay, well look if that if I'm gonna be
Monitoring the debate that should be exciting
Great. Are you on that?
Sure. Excellent. Excellent. So I guess I can tell everybody next week
The new bridge may open tutorial debates are going to take place and I'm going to moderate them
I'm out in the air. Am I yes. Oh, geez. I wish you told me I did
i would have popped along to do something you know i did tell you up
and thanks for calling we got a wrap up the show here
uh... any truth of rumors that there's a bounty on your head
uh... you know nothing about that
you have a really about that about the bounty on the head of the uh... to uh...
tor hell for some of that uh... uh... uh... you said i didn't i got to go
only a couple minutes left
uh... hey evan
yes this is the the h-man here
before the scene you left every week after
he's gonna be doing the lead in an evan has a very exciting show planned for
for us all tonight he's actually going to have the
the h-man is called h-man after dark
going to be three hours where the where they were are going to talk about uh...
just kind of uh...
you know
see me stuff i don't want to
and it's a part of it is a exactly safe harbor after eleven
so
fans of uh...
filth
of the darker side
keep listening eleven to two the h-man is going to do another three hours
with evan funk davies
let's take two more calls and then we will wrap it up
fm you you're on the air with the h-man
hi this is ronnie bronstein
is this time-sharkling
well it's actually the h-man and i'm taking care of how to go in
no this is the h-man and sorry
you can't exactly com
uh... i i wouldn't say that i don't know
really so what are you doing on the show uh... well i i've had the night i
thought that goodbye i don't like that at all
like
call the zone agenda
goodbye
if i'm you you're on the air with the h-man
and then there's a go
good uh... where you from
i'm from uh...
it's made it to them from uh... kept up with my national attorney up again
with chapter oh hey devin how you doing
i was going
i was going to say that uh...
we're actually a fraternity of guys that we all said we've never
going to turn it
kind of weird yeah um we want to set uh... higher standard
and um but people actually like us
so it's kind of cool
so you get so you're this one of your frat brothers yes
did you guys like so you guys took the blood oath
no we didn't
actually right now i've been uh...
trolston torsco and i didn't ask where you were
jesus where's devin at get off my phone
who cares
sorry i know it's your frat
i mean whatever
you went a little too off topic but yeah
we'll deal with it
i'm telling you this frat stuff you guys need to toughen up i don't like that
this is the
My whole life I was terrified of frats.
Now I wish I was back in college,
because I would start my own frat that would whip every frat.
We would smash your stuff up, we'd fight ya.
I'd be like an old school frat.
I don't like this frat system now.
Soft.
It's like soft serve.
You guys are a bunch of,
it's like soft serve sitting out in the sun.
That's not true.
Melting on the sidewalk.
OH man.
yeah
seriously
thank you so much for coming down thank you very much for having me was this
exciting for you it was amazing a lot of it a lot
taking calls it was
second in my first time taking calls on a show because i'm telling you you did
an amazing job thank you very much and mike on a scale of one to ten what did
you think when you first heard h-man what would you give him
what's that
not making, you're not making sense. You, what would you have given him when it started
though? A five. So he went from a five to a seven. That's not bad. I gotta tell you
eight and eight. Don't push it. I don't know. I don't wait. Guys can be, you know what
though? You've got a competition in you. I like that. You're like, you're like the
guy in there will be blood I haven't seen a movie unfortunately you didn't see
it didn't get around to it yet I wish I did yeah if only it was on DVD right and
if only we were off for the whole summer with nothing to do I don't know no time
can't block out two and a half hours I don't know I'll get around to it some
time before you want to know what yes you have Netflix no no you have a local
Video store near you yeah, but I mean I could they're kind of getting kind of outdated now like they're really starting to
Wither away. There was like three black buses within like a five-minute radius of my house. Mm-hmm. And now all of them are gone
So I but you have one near you. I'm sure you have one there's got to be something near you
I mean I could always try out like the internet like getting some Amazon or borrowing it from someone
I don't know, something.
Will someone please get the H man a copy of their
will be blood?
Please.
Maybe Jay Peg can do it.
In all seriousness, thank you so much.
This was great.
I hope we can do it again very soon.
Have you down, take calls.
Cause you're starting, I see it now.
It's starting to happen, it's starting to come together.
You feel it?
Yeah.
You ready for it?
Yeah.
Why don't you say good night to everybody?
Good night, everybody, listening to the best show.
Thank you so much for listening it's been a good night. Thank you very answering for my topic and I hope to
Keep listening and maybe I'll call in and some more. That's right and next week the Mayouba tutorial debates get ready for that
I will be moderating it
Bishop back
Whoo turntable sorry, I just I'm excited. I'm moment now. You're done your moments over
I'm glad that you're back. You just took my moment away
And now we're eating to Evan's show. He's not going to get time to do the ticket thing. He does the midnight ticket oasis
But seriously stay tuned to Evan's show. He's got all kinds of special stuff planned for you tonight a special
Lawrence Ferlin Getty tribute. He's going to be reading
San Francisco beat poetry what oh, that's right. You have two live bands every tuned two weeks
I'm saying you have two backed about who's tonight the individuals their classic man from the 80s on Evan's show stay tuned
You