Yes.
S radio show, ever.
who's this?
well i am by the trail of governor val'vain
hi it's uh
this is rithary card
what's your name?
bearing
bearing
What's inside the two?
I'm quiet.
Maurice Kurt?
Horrifying.
Hey, Thomas Bruce.
Tommy!
Who's this?
Genji Vitis.
Yes, they have Rick Velodia at the wall.
I guess it's wood.
I hate you.
It's Peter.
Hey, it's Steinberg.
Do all creepy and I'm hanging upon you.
Boing.
Roger Depp.
My name is Ollie Fairnock.
I'll say it.
You'll hear it.
You'll do it.
I'll get it.
You'll learn it.
I'll live with it and you'll die without it.
Smash your trash.
There's a culture to go.
Good day.
What's up, Tom? It's Justin.
Hey, it's Michelle.
Yeah, Tom, this is Jim Ripple. How you doing?
When I get to do the toilet talk now.
The bar feel of the new century.
My name is Tom Riley.
I'm calling from New Zealand.
Hey, man, it's Brian.
Ted, don't stand with that. It's a tent pole.
It's a tent pole show.
Hey, this is Ted Lea.
Whaaat?
This is Pete from the Future.
Hi, Tom. It's DJ Terry Chase.
Hey, from Knoxville.
Super caller.
It's Officer Tom.
My name is Mike Zajak.
Get off my phone, I don't care.
Hey, this is it, be panned, man.
I'm going to go to bed now, bye, friend.
Hey, Tom, it's Gordon.
Gordon, how are you?
I was in a band in the early 90s, my name's Jerry Page.
Hey, Tom, my name is Jeffrey Ludell.
It's a fat disease, wilder ragged neck, isn't it?
The disenfranchised have a home now.
I'm the hero of the disenfranchised.
To the same night, 91, 1, 1, How can a person get anything done?
It's the best show on the U.N.V.U. It's the best show on the U.N.V.U. It's the best show on the U.N.V.U.
So we have that view here on the air.
Hey, Tom! It's Roy!
It's Billy Boy Roy! You even know what he's talking about!
Hey, it's Roy! It's Roy! It's Billy Boy Roy!
Yeah, long time no spill, huh?
Best show on W timed, Mihi, it's the best show on W timed, Mihi, it's the best show on W timed, Mihi.
I'd rather you-
Jesus Christ
What you could do with all this time
Father Nice
We know I'm joining all my life
I've never thought of coming back
Now is the time
To call my trials
I thought I left them all behind
And all those miles
And every direction there's a sign
But I never found you coming back
I think it was a crime
To swing the stars above you
I feel the love to love you
And I ain't alone
But I don't know
I don't know that much was for you
If it needs a walk to believe in the truth, the sun, our heart, bad advice
We've been listening to it all this time
Let's make our minds
We should be talking about that life
Yeah, if you ever thought of coming back
But now is the time
Yeah, if you ever thought of coming back
We're going to the mine
Yeah, if you have a thought and come in play
We're now in some time
Yeah, if you have a thought and come in play
We're now in some time
I can't breathe
I can't breathe
I got the drawers of love
You want to sing, and it'sbass
Oh
I think you'll forget, too
Come on, don't forget the sound
La la it's corona
You're tortellilla lona
Bori ar faktistica
Yoshen
Ermira lika
Me pengar pauler bora
Me rispa
So tada bora meru
Tada bora meru
Tert fiendenum de lika
All in true
It four days clothes are
We look at our and it's me
the
most
You need everything
That lives
for you
It's for you
Anyway,
for from your
I can see
at bar
So
you are
telling you
just
so
the other
All the part I made you
All the part I made you
Looked to what I love for you
All the part I made you
All the part I made you
To be the only one
Time is running out and I can't wait I have to say this before it's too late
I wanna be the one to hear you call To catch you as you tumble while your
My balls, and when I say it I'll lie
I look like it's the meal
But I can't do it anyway
Take a hard feel
I'll pull the fear in your world
Just walk through the best I can
To keep you happy
And be your never loving man
There's nothing here for us, and no place left to go
Slips dream of destruction, has us in it's toe
But there's one thing, that can make it alright
Hold it on to you, in the dying light
And when I say it I'm loud, I'll just watch for me
But I gotta do it anyway, take it off you
Never thought this felt the right to us
I'm gonna make my stand
Shine the love low
We'll be your ever running man
I wanna say a lie
I wanna catch a meal
I'm gonna do it anyway
Tell you how I want to be
Oh, I wanna be
Oh, I wanna be
time is running out and I can't wait I have to say this before it's too late
I want to be the one to hear you call
To catch you as you tumble while you're by balls
And when I say it I'll lie
I look like it's the middle
But I can't do it anyway
I'll tell you how I feel
I don't wanna be a hero
I just want to do the best I can
To keep you happy
There's nothing here for us, and no place left to go
Slips dream of destruction, has us in its tone
But there's one thing that can make it alright
Hold it on to you in the dying light
And when I say it I'm loud, I'll look back for you
But I can't do it anyway, I'll take it off you
Now I've got this belt around us, I'm gonna make my stand
Shine the love, love, love, love me
I'll never love it man
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
All I want to be your man
All I want to be your man
Yeah
FMU, you're on the air. I've been holding. Well, guess what? Get off my phone.
We're in a region for the job show
There isn't any debate
Don't wait until this is the truth of
The job show
Double your weapon
The job show
Double your weapon
The job show
Double your weapon
The job show
How will you back after?
Alright everybody, alright, that's right, that shows back, that shows back!
Tuesday night extravaganza three hours of
Mirth music in mayhem we just heard 21
minutes of the music portion of that
triumvirate of Mirth music in mayhem oh
boy two lines lit up already that scares
me dirt bombs from their hot new album
we have you surrounded ever-loving man
Saw them uh, Sunday night white hot
They were on fire and that song was a highlight of a show filled with highlights
That one two punch
Underdog oh to a black man early in the set that's confidence. They're burning through
Two of the hottest cuts. They've gotten their arsenal
Before that, before that, Agnietta folks from the Samjia Gaur album. We heard Om to
Taurara, Vora Ghul. Anybody looking for that can pick it up on the Agnietta Folkskog
box that uh... the force are in uh... at the fox on nineteen sixty seven seventy
nine
sir uh...
all of her swedish albums
you are the best as the obba box is still on vacation
yet the box fills in
small faces before that tin soldier
always great stuff
from them
great thing about the small faces when they uh...
when uh... steve mariot started uh... getting an ego about him
the other guys were like you know we're going to do
when he went steve mariot split
we're getting a new lead singer we're going to get someone who's not going to
have the ego
of steve mariot
so they welcomed in their new lead singer rod steward
scouts though great talent scouts and at the top Kelly Stoltz who opened for the
dirt bombs from his great below the branches album from about a year and
change ago ever thought of coming back the phone number 201 209 9368 is it open
on Tuesday? I am not sure. But anyone who calls during this portion of the show is subject
to a 30 second clock. FMU you're on the air. Hi Tom. Hi. Dave from Knoxville. Dave from
Knoxville you are not subject to the 32nd clock how are you doing okay if you
adjusted the life after the marathon yes I have you know what I always thought
was interesting about Steve Marriott what's that that I thought it was
probably an intentional slap in the face when he left the band that they dropped
the small from the name you mean that he was like a cuz he was like a shrimp
Hey, it was like four foot eight seventy two pounds, wasn't he you know what though the other guys were not exactly
wasn't like a
Brad Garrett the rest of the band, but neither is Rod Stewart
They still weren't gonna call him small anymore, but they yeah, I hear you, but I think there was also a
I'm sure that was part of it that it was a stinging
Little message to their former lead singer. We should call him out and see who Steve Maria
Yeah. Yeah he's dead now. Yeah sorry. Hey Tom you know I've talked to you about my
son Andy from Knoxville. That's right. He's actually here and he's got a big
announcement. I wonder if you'd let him share it. I would love to hear it. All
right this is Andy. Hey Tom. Welcome to the show Andy from Knoxville. Well thank
you. How are you doing? I'm doing all right how about you. I'm doing okay. Hey
Guess what? I'm gonna be in New York Friday. What? Yeah, I don't know. What brings that
all about? A chorus trip. A what? A chorus trip, I sing. A chorus trip. Yeah. Really?
Mm-hmm. Like what do you want to do, a tenor? I'm actually a bass too. A tenor and a bass.
Well, I could be both if you'd like. Can I hear a little bit of your singing? You know what?
I'm sick. Okay, I hate to have excuses here, but once I'm here today, and I got like
sore throat. Save it for the trip. Save it for the trip. All right. Well, we're not
performing. That's the thing. You're what? I know we're just going. We're gonna go see
Wicked and Mary Poppins and Phantom of the Opera. Really? Yeah. What did you guys do
wrong? Say what? What did you guys do wrong? Is this some sort of, did you set
fire to the school
low-boy are uh... you are sick
our teachers kind of uh...
kind of strict on us and
when you get mad at us he just makes us you know
opera
classical music but but i think he's gonna
i'm excited about this trip i like me
isn't it funny that we take it for granted up here
i really think it is because you know we have we have theaters here but they're
no
they're no broadway
uh...
but we go to theater down there you're going to watch uh...
you see glenn gary glenn ross uh... with uh... dave from oxville
uh...
i'm just the thought of my dad acting just cracks me up
i'm going to be in jersey city for about
four hours
when what they
i'm going to such liberty the moment we get them leaving thursday
i don't know i'll be there friday
friday uh... for about
four o'clock i'll probably be there we go
the statue of liberty
checking out the statue of liberty on a way after america
yes
boring tourist
you go check it out
uh... when i was young i remember i've
been told many times that i've killed the entire building
in ten minutes
up and down so
i don't know how i have a ADHD and it was kind of
carried over when i was young
it would be like you coming to the statue of liberties like if i went down
and toward the cigarette museum
you have a museum of cigarettes down there
i'm assuming
you don't know if i walk outside it's like a museum of rednecks but we don't
have a museum of cigarette
would you uh... would not be exciting the history of the cigarette
oh yeah and then at the end you like from
walk out of like a burnout cigarette butter something you know
andy from noxville is very exciting
i'm excited
i'm excited and i
i plan on uh... listening to show a little more
oh thank you knows this a bus trip up
or with the bus trip to be rough
that is going to work and we're watching movies you know how many hours
and stuff like that all the way up
how many hour uh... bus drive
who
up seventeen
yeesh
yeah but uh... i'm used to it i go on
we'll go to the beach at twelve so it's nothing
that's the other thing imagine twelve hours to the beach
twelve hours
and then i do not
then i have yes well i would equal seventeen which is a length of this trip
and if i don't feel that we'll go ahead
uh... i was going to say it split in half so that will make it easy we're
staying in heresburg
thursday night your teacher really must be wrong and i don't know how to do
all right well i don't know i'll keep your uh...
And if you're not still, I salute you. You're gonna have a great time at the Statue of Liberty.
Thank you very much, and you have a nice night.
Oh, you have a great night, have a safe trip.
All right, nice to meet you, Tom.
FM, you're on the air.
Hello, Tom.
Hey, how are you, Spike?
I'm doing just fine.
And where are you calling from?
Some sort of, uh, Dixie Cup, uh, with, uh, with dental floss?
I'm in the house. I'm calling for my kitchen.
Do you have a new phone?
I want my cell phone.
Wait, how did you get a cell phone?
Oh, he's already signed up for it.
And by signed up for it, you mean you went through someone's office when they were on lunch break?
No.
Where's my cell phone? Where's my cell phone? I think that weird guy. I saw him walking down the hall.
I saw some weird guy dressed as wearing a Del Viking's satin jacket, a CBS FM doop
shop jacket, and a chucky t-shirt.
Oh, that's what I need to get.
A chucky t-shirt?
Yeah.
Still thinking about that child's play, huh?
When's the last time you watched one of those movies?
Oh, not that long, though, last week actually.
week he watched one of them
what were you just like saying and then it's a child play for
no actually was the bride of chucky
and would you watch it uh... i wasn't i i shouldn't even ask if you watch the
alone
and i was a brother
he and i enjoyed it
but you were alone
that's a lot
okay so i didn't have to ask
Every that is inferred in just about everything. I'm assuming you do it alone
Yeah
Unless someone unfortunate is trapped in the dungeon. Oh
No, not when I'm watching my movies. Mm-hmm. I
When you're watching your movies
Well, why are you also when you're watching your stories?
Are you mean my soap operas? Yeah? Yeah, what are you 85?
No
I'm not I'm not elderly yet
I'm not elderly yet don't interrupt me when I'm watching my stories
All little kids running around right the grandkids
I'm sorry run that by me again the grandkids are running around the dungeon
Don't interrupt. I don't want kids
You don't like kids
Not down to 25 now. They irritate me. You're like WC Fields. Oh
Yes, I understand that he didn't like kids too much either. Yes, I have heard that if only there was some documentation of it
Like in maybe everything he ever said
Now
You have to clean up after them messes. So what is going on this week Spike?
What, what, let's find a new, let's find a new angle to talk about.
Okay.
Residential race.
Yes.
Oh, I don't want McCain in there, and I don't want that man-hater in there either.
Who's the man-hater?
Sorry.
Man-hater?
Yeah, she hates him.
She's a typical feminist.
What?
Where's this coming from?
She hates men. I don't think she hates men
Give me one give me one sliver of proof that she hates men
well
She wanted to cash trade her husband
Yeah, she was completely out of line on that you're right. How dare she how dare she be mad at him
And she thinks all men put it ill for the world
where are you getting this from she hates all men from her directly from her
speeches but she said this in speeches like I hate men and if I am president
that's right well no that's I'm making this up how was that right well you're
making her up she did she said this she did not yes she did I've seen her I've
I've watched those speeches.
Oh, I got a while.
I would love to see things through your eyes.
That'd be like some bad horror movie.
You wake up, like, everything.
You're seeing everything through.
It'd be like being John Malkovich.
I didn't care too much for that movie.
You didn't?
No.
No one got their throats slit in it,
or run over by a little doll driving a Tonka truck.
No, I didn't get off my phone. You hate monger
Okay, saying Hillary hates men
Yeah, remember that remember that speech she did where she condemned men
Yeah, that was yeah, and then now she's still running in the race. Yeah
And no one no one thought to bring that speech up and use it against her
They're waiting to get around to that, to sink her campaign, they're just gonna let
her go for a while.
Because nobody goes after Hillary Clinton on anything.
Everybody lets her skate, because it's sick, it's a great a-sick-o, that guy, FMU, you're
on the air.
Me?
Yes, you.
Oh, hey.
Hey Tom, great to talk to you.
Who's this?
My name is Joel.
How are you, Joel?
I'm good. How are you doing, Tom?
Doing good.
I was just wondering, did you watch the NCAA game?
I did not.
Well, I had a really weird reason for room for Kansas.
And what is that?
It's our old friend,
Rupa Colanto from Lawrence, Kansas.
Stop the clock.
I want to hear this.
uh...
collanto wrote a rock rock and roll he's more
figured you want to bet a lot of money at it
that's right he was a gambling man
did you know you can keep the clock on at that time
and what is your name again
my name is joe
uh... this
discovered about two months ago and i'll listen to i'm going to the archive
joe
where are you calling from
uh... chicago
but part of chicago
uh...
lincoln square
and uh...
a mile north west or really
but i'm a stock fan
well really i'm a tax
so you're a you're a uh... white socks fan
yeah
but really transplant yet but really you like that uh... the detroit tigers
yes and how did how did that come about
well michigan transplant moved here about eight years ago
My dad's still in Michigan, so we talk.
Talking sports?
Yeah.
You and your father talking baseball?
Yeah.
Thanks, Joel.
FM, you're on the air.
Hi, Tom. How you doing?
I'm doing OK. Who's this?
This is Jake. I'm calling from Hoboken.
Jake and Hoboken.
That's correct.
I just wanted to see if you were aware that there's
they uh... certain uh... hate-pit uh...
representative uh... gonna at the hobo can art and music festival next month
stop the clock
who who
make you go into the headliner
uh... was not surprised
by that i'm not surprised to hear that
i'm actually a little surprised i have to say they've had some decent uh... act
in the past they have been hooked all the couple years ago and patty
couple years before that
but uh... they're really scraping the bottom of the barrel here someone might
want to check the books apparently Hoboken might be bankrupt. Yeah, it could be. Someone
might find me. Someone might be cooking the books just like, oh, it's coming down to this
concert series. When they see this, that's when they're going to figure out there's no
money left. Exactly, exactly. He had Mickey Dolan's in here. How much do you want? Oh,
he wants two pizzas at Benny Todino's. Yeah, we can arrange that. Right. Two pizzas in
car service
fortunately we've also got big dipper coming to hope and so uh...
so we've got that out of the door to balance it out
he would have a rat
uh...
i don't know correct
well fantastic
and so and stuff at me you dirty rats
stop throwing garbage at me
right
who's that
who's there talking behind you
all i don't know i'm actually walking on the street night
don't know who that is
i don't know
thanks for the call
thanks for that night
micky dolins in hobo can
i don't want that guy in zero seven oh three oh
bringing his uh... his uh...
california filth
into hobo can
the people really want that
gonna bring his uh...
weird uh... los angeles pre-vert ways
circus boy
fm you you're on the air
eight on this is charlie indublin
how are you tonight charlie
i'm doing pretty well i'd i'd bring uh...
news of another triumph
What is the news of this triumph?
Pulitzer Prize winner for fiction.
Yes.
It's a fellow named Juneau Diaz.
He got an outfit today.
I forget.
It was today yesterday.
And he's from?
He was born in the Dominican Republic,
but he graduated from Old Bridge High School in 1987.
Now, why the state?
Oh, in New Jersey.
Yes.
Cedar Ridge High School, sorry, in Old Bridge.
well done we salute him
and he we he wrote the great book
a couple great books but he won the polluter first book for last year have
you ever read any his writings mike
mike has not read any of his writings
i i i just wanted to add it to the list of victories
we're doing it new jersey keeps winning
we want american gangster we won cloverfield
we won the sopranos
We won the Super Bowl.
Yeah.
And now we're literary giants as well.
Now we're winning awards.
Yeah, can't be stopped.
We can't.
Thank you.
That's going to go on all night about it.
Look, you made your point. You're calling during the period.
I stopped the clock for you.
This guy thinks he's up on that stage accepting that award.
201, 209, 93, 6, 8.
So,
it's going to talk about this last week, but I decided to hold back on it
until this week.
had a bad experience
uh... two weekends ago
not this past weekend where i got to see uh... i was at a wedding
got to see i was at the jz and Beyonce wedding
with spike
he was there
seance and uh...
what did he call jz
crazy he should call them lazy
or crazy
or jz like he's just like he's uh... boring
i went
that's right
get ready for it
here it comes
the
that's right
Oh boy, I went to the
Beetlefest over at the metal lands
the New York Metro Fest at the metal lands Hotel
Holy moly
That was something else. I'm telling you this this was
I don't even know where to begin on this!
It was 41 years ago today, Sergeant Peppa took the band to play.
fans for all the wrong reasons. Creeping everybody out, recontextualizing things
to pretend they are the way they weren't. To fit their own limited world view.
Oh boy, that beetle fest. I'm pulling into this thing. Let's stop again at the
beginning. I went on the Friday. Pulling into the parking garage. Like, hmm, which hotel
is this at? And I saw this group of people leaving and I'm like, well, it couldn't be,
it must not be at that hotel because this Beetlefest takes up a lot of room. Apparently
that hotel is hosting some sort of uh...
to catch a predator fest
these guys pouring out of the doors i thought there was a raid going on
at a to catch a predator convention
i was expecting to see chris hanson chasing them into the parking lot
then i noticed they were wearing sergeant pepper shirts
so i thought naturally the predators
snuck into the beetle fest
then no this is it this is it
pull in
park
you might be saying at this point tom
why were you going to the beetle fest shouldn't you have known better
i had one thing and one thing only i was looking for
boat legs
the only thing i wanted
bootlegs
can't go to a beetle fest and find bootlegs
that make me uh... wrong somehow
so go into this thing
and it's expensive to get in
holy moly was this thing
was like thirty five bucks
to get in
i go in i pay
I figure let's just get right to the bootleg action. Let's get right to it
Now I got this wristband on I've never but I would have rather had some weird rash
on my wrist
Then that wristband
Thank goodness everybody else had them on there
I'm walking around with this wristband on
Oh
so I go into the
To the to the the market place
There's not one bootleg to be found oh
plenty of other stuff
If my my dog wants to wear a yellow submarine shirt I
Will that's taken care of
There's a satisfied customer
or if I want to drop
$1,400 for a ticket stub from a Beatles show in Ohio.
I'm good to go.
Rip ticket stubs.
So expensive.
What are you going to stare at it all day?
That's right.
Someone else went to this show.
Check it out.
Oh, you went to that show?
No, not me.
Someone else did I paid $1,450 for it though.
It says THGB on it.
It's like where it got ripped.
Oh, anything I want in this marketplace,
if I was looking for a video on how
to play the songs. Plenty of stuff there. Ticket stubs. Got all those. The suits. If I wanted
like a Sergeant Pepper suit, I was taken care of. Who's getting that suit made? They should
have a police set out front. Anyone walks out in a Sergeant Pepper suit, arrest him. Just
put him in the back of the squad car. You know he's guilty of something. We'll sort it out
down at the station satin suit gonna be walking through see some guy walking
on the light blue satin suit holding a clarinet too much how much too much
why are you gonna buy one Mike Mike's curious he's gonna buy one you better
not show up here next week in a sergeant pepper outfit I'll throw you I'll throw
you off the roof. Oh, could you imagine next week Mike shows up with a mustache like that
Paul McCartney Sergeant Pepper mustache. That's the other thing on Sergeant Pepper, how did
they all manage to have four different mustaches and they were all equally stupid looking.
now I'll grow mine like this like a weird handlebar thing says John Lennon
Paul McCartney I'll grow mine to look like a look like somebody flick the marker
on my face four dumb mustaches so I would have been taking care of it all I
I want it was a sergeant pepper suit, and I'm walking through this thing.
Who's in that room?
This is pretty much how that room broke down.
<E.D.> Patrick, yes, Eddie Munster, memorabilia table, memorabilia table, memorabilia table.
What's he doing there?
What the connection does he have with the Beatles?
<E.D.> Patrick, he got mad when I saw him there.
What's he want?
What do you want?
What do you want?
I would say to him, what do you want?
What?
Just because your show was on in the same decade that this happened, that somehow that's enough
overlap.
Really?
That's enough overlap for you to, when's it at the next Beatles show?
All right, it's Metallands and the March.
Yeah, let's head out and pack up all my Eddie Munster dolls.
And I heard some guy go up to the table and ask him a question.
And he said, you know, I've been meaning to ask you this, I saw you at a bunch of shows.
I was at a show a few years ago, I met you, you were really nice to me.
I said another thing, Matt Grandpa Al-Lewis.
And this guy was one of the nicest guys I've ever met.
He just kept talking and talking, what I wanted to ask you, was he always that nice?
what was he gonna say no he was horrible he's like oh yeah he was always that
nice suddenly I felt sorry for <E.D.> Patrick who was taking up good real
estate that could have been filled with Beatles bootlegs that table sitting there
tapping his fingers on the table
then I'm walking around and I see who
Sid Bernstein. Do you know who that is Mike?
He was a promoter.
He like promoted the
I think like the Shea Stadium concert maybe.
So he's there and this guy
this guy looks like
uh... it looks like the kid from brooklyn's grandfather
he's sitting in a chair
that i would not have uh...
i don't the over-under on that chair lasting the weekend was
i said early saturday afternoon
the over-under on that chair
and he's sitting there
and there's some guy talking to them
like a fan it's one of those situations where you know you have a thing where
two people are talking
and you disagree with both of them
you somehow wish they could both lose the conversation
this guy's asking this
endless beetles question
saying uh...
uh...
i couldn't even i could i i'm not even going to replicate it
because i don't know where
I came in two-thirds of the way on this guy's, the monologue that this guy was asking, Sid
Bernstein.
So he's asking this boring question, and what does Sid Bernstein do?
He says, it's in my book, got to read my book, and he doesn't answer the guy's question.
This guy's got a book out. Sid Bernstein won Tom Zero. Sid Bernstein, what's a book?
I remember the day I booked the Beatles at Shea Stadium. I'm looking around. It's not
a bootleg to be found at this thing. Oh, some of the guests who appeared at it though. It
was like a it was like a regular who's that
patty boyd was there
her claim to fame
striving george harrison into a spiral of depression
one of your favorite one of the fat for
a year the one who left him
and sent him crashing down for three years
she's got a book yes
Hattie Boyd won, Tom Zero.
Couple X Wings members were there,
Denny Seawell and Lawrence Juber.
Very exciting.
Mark Hudson was there.
From the Hudson brothers.
I kid you not.
I saw this guy walking around.
I missed it, but the stars of across the universe,
the Beatles movie, were there the next day.
Nancy Lee Andrews was there.
What is she famous for?
She's Ringo's girlfriend.
And she did a book of photos.
Not a bootleg to be found.
there's a band playing oh I'm walking around here there was some woman walk
around in a Bon Jovi jacket like I thought it was Paul McCartney at first and I
was like no that's Bon Jovi can always take Jersey out of Jersey sometimes Jersey
will come through Jersey comes through like an ink stain sometimes and she's
She's yelling she starts cursing. Oh blank. Oh blank
Steve is here. It's like who's Steve now? I'm intrigued
Not a bootleg to be found so I finally
Start asking
any
Any bootlegs
And any good stuff
So, somebody explains this is how you find the bootlegs.
Not on the floor, but in a hotel room.
There will be a bootleg dealer selling bootlegs out of a room.
You just got to find out what room number it is.
Oh, brother.
What's that?
No, O.J. Simpson was not there.
It's probably not surprised he wasn't, though, so I find out, you're going to just find
out what room it's in.
So now, this is how bad it gets.
I'm walking around, not in the ballroom, not in the marketplace, not in the ballroom where
They held the exciting Beatles look-alike contest, which was, oh boy, that look-alike contest.
My favorite was one kid went up there, like this 14-year-old, just wearing a T-shirt.
He's like, yeah, I'm John.
He'd look anything like John Lennon, he was being like a wise guy.
he went up just to be just to be a jerk he went on stage
like all right I give that kid some credit
there was a guy went up looked like he said he would look like John Lennon he looked like
if the guy from home improvement not Tim Allen but his buddy if that guy grew like a sergeant
pepper mustache.
And then we were treated to the musical stylings of Liverpool, where a Beatles soundalike band
who played and also in Liverpool now Glenn Burtnick, former rock star.
But I wasn't in the ballroom, I was out in the hotel lobby, and what goes down in the
hotel lobby?
The sing along.
It's like this jam session where it's like 15, it's like people just bring guitars and
bring basses.
Well it looks like fun.
You want to play the songs, you play them in the group, everybody has a good old time
singing the songs.
But I'm walking around this group of everybody just hanging around.
I shoulda known bada with a guy like you
and I'm walking around like a hey you know where I could get a bootlegs
are they in the room like I'm trying to score weed at this thing
like some dirt bag suddenly I'm the dirt bag
I became the dirt bag all of a sudden
so embarrassing
suddenly I'm the dirt bag and you know what
no one knew where they were then finally i find out
Beatles Fest uh... the one in Chicago got raided
the guy up in the bootleg room
i was there with uh...
there's the other thing i was there with jillian barbury putting her through
this nightmare
she's walking around asking to
she finds out
the uh... beetle fest in chicago the room got raided
and that guy is not showing up at this one
so then i leave
i leave the beetle fest
completely defeated
no bootlegs i want to bootlegs
something wrong with that
And I don't want MP3's, some compressed thing.
And anybody says, oh, you shouldn't, you always
talk about downloading music.
How can you go look for bootlegs?
You know what?
You know how I can?
You know how I can?
I've got your three copies of Gon Trappo.
George Harrison, I'm from 1982.
I've got three of them.
I've paid for these guys up and down
through my life when I was a kid.
I paid my dues, I just want a couple bootlegs
for something I'm working on, for a project.
WFMU East Orange, WXHD, Mount Hope,
worldwide on the worldwide web at WFMU.org.
This is the best show on WFMU entering hour two.
No, I did not get <E.D.> Patrick's autograph.
So I go walking around trying to find the mysterious hotel room.
Never felt the sleazier in my whole life, just looking for bootlegs.
That's all I want.
So then I go home.
Oh, and the other thing, there was a Beatles book I wanted.
So I left the marketplace and I'm walking around this room asking
for where the hotel room is and I'm like oh let me go back to the marketplace now and
buy the thing. It's closed! It closed an hour early. It closed an hour early. I dropped
35 bucks to get into this thing and they closed it an hour early. Unbelievable. So then I
go home and I can't let it go. I can't let it go. It haunted me all night. I'm
telling you that Friday night I was dreaming about the Beetle Fest. I
literally had a nightmare about it. I am not kidding. I had a full-on
nightmare about the Beetle Fest and I woke up. I couldn't shake it all Saturday
morning. I was in the worst mood. It got to me. Beetlefest got to me. Denied. I was
denied. Denied the bootlegs. So you know what I did? I looked in the mirror and I
said, you know how you get bootlegs? You know you get bootlegs? That's right. I
I did it.
Flea market.
Mike, are you familiar with the English town flea market?
Used to go there every weekend?
Yeah, me neither. I haven't been there since I was a little boy.
I went back.
And let me tell you.
That was bad news.
that thing I don't know the record store there was nothing there it was like a
weird combat zone you go to this flea market was like road warrior one of the
first things I see at this Englishtown flea market which I've got to say it was
like a bomb dropped it was really like what a society would be like post nuclear
war. This would be a shopping mall after the bomb dropped. Be like, hey, let's go to the
mall. And what would it be? Would be people selling weird bags of cookies that I've never
seen before, like laying on the ground. Scary jewelry people. For one of the first things
As I see, some woman holding a bag of rolls, like a bag of dozen rolls, yelling into the
men's room to try to get some guy to come out and get his rolls.
The first thing I see, some woman yelling into the men's room, get your rolls.
I literally think I saw a guy with two heads walking around
at this thing.
I think this might have been some nuclear testing ground.
Oh, no bootlegs, nothing.
I think I see a guy selling CDs and DVDs
because I see some like two music things
and like a copy of Hot Rod, that movie Hot Rod,
and I walk over, and what do I see?
Everything on the guy's table, except for these three things,
was all porno.
It's like, you know what you might want to do?
You might want to move the two music things.
Here's an idea.
Don't sell the two music DVDs and the one copy of Hot Rod.
just be a guy selling porno
what are you trying to uh...
have a have a little bit of everything
yeah i pretty much sell ninety nine point eight percent of stuff i saw my
table is porno
but i do have these two music uh...
things that peter gabriel live in concert and one other thing
marion mcc partland
and the copy of hot rod
porno
weird guys selling pewter like pewter animals
who's buying these pewter animals
so i leave that thing i made a deal with the devil going to that flea market
i made a deal with the devil going to the english town flea market
no bootlegs deal with the devil
I honestly left a piece of myself at that thing. I'm telling you
There's part of my soul is in at the Englishtown flea market if someone can find it it's probably at a table with some guy selling weird
like
Car radios or whatever was going on there sunglasses look on the sunglass table for a part of Tom's dignity
See if you can find and buy it and send it back to me, please
So then, uh, then I say, you know what, one other stop, root 18 flea market.
You ever been there, Mike?
I got one more stop in me.
I pulled into this parking lot of like 407.
I was back in my car at 413.
minutes. I made it through the entire flea market. No bootlegs. What do they have?
Oh plenty of paintball equipment. Weird like slot machines. Who buys a slot
machine just to put it in your basement? You gonna pay out on that? I hit the
jackpot oh wait i own this
i don't get any money
plenty of knives
more pewter animals
what a lot of karate stuff
and
porno
and maybe the worst-looking food ever on Earth.
And I'm walking through, there's like an animal thing,
like an animal shelter, and I felt,
I was, I got all choked up.
Looking at these poor dogs and cats.
So I put a little money in the cup, not bragging.
I did it.
And I was all choked up, then all of a sudden,
I realized the reason I'm choked up
It's because there's some guy shellacking paintings
four feet from the dogs.
How about you put the toxic chemicals away?
Get animals.
No bootlegs.
Oh, plenty of stuff honoring the violent part
of Asian culture.
Just the violent part.
Noble parts, the impressive part.
No, none of that.
Just the violence.
No bootlegs, what's this country coming to?
What is it coming to?
I can't find bootlegs?
They gotta be out there.
You sell bootlegs?
We'll talk after the show.
can't find bootlegs used to be a young boy bootlegs they flowed like water couldn't
throw a rock without hitting a store with selling bootlegs
FM you you're on the air what's that oh my own oh yeah I was talking to your
call scooter what's your name Roddy Mike it's my no it's Mike oh I was talking
we were talking about the sweet wrs what's that the sweet wrs what is what is that
wait you you have the radio show uh-huh you don't know what that is man i'm not sure no
it's on road trips volume one number two what is that october 77
I don't know what that is weather report through it weather what weather report
through it so it whether reports so it yeah what is that sweet what is the what
is that third word weather report yes
Yes.
Okay, let me get out the CD, S-U-I-T-E.
Yes, sweet.
No, it's sweet.
It's sweet.
Oh, okay.
It's sweet.
Hey, God, Troy, your call screen and what he says.
Mike, that word?
It's sweet.
He just said it's sweet.
No, he doesn't know how you spell sweet.
You spell sweet.
S-W-E-A-T.
No, well, that's sweat.
What?
Oh.
Well, regardless, you can't tell me that it doesn't, Jim.
You're still a grateful dummy.
You want to know it?
I'll take it.
I am a grateful dummy.
Who is this?
Is this Bryce?
Oh, man.
How did you guess?
How did I guess?
He said, you know, the boys, did you order a live winterland yet?
I did not.
What is that?
That'd be three.
Oh, only nine gifts of sheer ecstasy.
nine discs of the Grateful Dead?
Oh yeah.
Yeah, I don't think, I don't think I care for that much.
Yeah, I don't have the, the scratch board right now.
Okay.
Yeah.
Oh, that's, that's why you're not getting it.
I'm still gonna get it, yeah, you know how?
How?
Full finger discount?
The what?
Full finger discount?
The four finger discount, what happened to the,
I thought it was called the five finger discount.
I would have been that had something not happen the other day.
Something happened to one of your fingers?
Yeah.
What?
You know Officer Harrops?
Yes.
You know his dog Lawrence?
I've seen him with a dog in the back of his squad car.
It's a pretty big dog, right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Lawrence and I had an unfortunate meeting.
Where was this meeting?
CD Submarine.
Okay.
Yeah.
And what happened? Well, I was trying to liberate this other dead box set on the store.
Yeah. It looked so sad just sitting there on the shelf. So I went for it. Yeah, it looked sad.
yeah well you can't take it because no you just wanted it
well it wanted to be in my player mind specifically
oh wow that that just sounds like you're projecting as a way to justify
no it was you never had a CB
what?
you never had a CB call to you?
oh man Tom
you wanna know what? pick me up
no no I haven't
pick me up pick you up yeah how many oh oh the CD is saying pick you up no I've
never had that yeah I guess in your case it would be like a Casey and his sunshine
band CD yeah great you got me yeah I did say it again no I was being sarcastic
Oh, well, anyway, Lauren's third tour my indexing girls. Why?
Well, are you okay?
Not really, no.
It was pretty bad.
I couldn't go to the doctor.
Why is that?
Because I'm sort of wanted.
You're wanted.
Yeah.
Well, why are you wanted?
Well, did you see me on the news the other night?
No.
I was running the Olympic torch through New Bridge.
No, I didn't see that. I had heard it was coming through, but I missed it.
Well, you know how they have like famous people, you know, do the torch and they'll run it for like a block and stuff?
Yes.
Well, do you remember that boxer Ken Norton?
Sure.
Well, he ran it for a block and stuff, and then I got so excited that when he was about to hand it off to Mickey Thomas,
Mickey Thomas?
Mm-hmm.
Mickey Thomas from...
Oh, come on, you're on a radio station playing rock music and that don't ring like an instant
bell?
Is it from Jefferson's starship?
Uh, duh.
You sand friend dummy.
I'm a, I'm a sand friend dummy.
You're all kind of a dummy.
Oh, great.
Anyway.
So, so you saw...
So you saw yeah, I got so inspired that when he was about to hand it off to Mickey. I
Went up and I'm not the torch out
And then I brought up my own torch Bruce. Mm-hmm. Yeah, you have your own torch. Yeah, I torched it up
So you decided to enter your own torch in the Olympic torch
a rooch is going around the world absolutely yeah my torch my flame wasn't
as big but it had a bigger impact on my brain anyway how is that it's a bong
yeah your phone's cracking up there Bryce you know why I call it Bruce why
after Bruce Jenner you named your bong after Bruce Jenner absolutely yeah
When I was a kid, we used to smoke a dude every time Bruce won an event in the decathlon.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
And that, well, so that was what, I don't even know what Olympics that might have been in.
That was like seventy-six. My dad was...
Uh, Bryce?
Yeah.
I lost you there for a second.
My dad was so into the Olympics back then that he made a thong out whenever Bruce won something.
something. Your dad made you. You still there? I'm here. Yeah. Oh man. The lead to
was like having some sort of negative like oh what do you try? Yeah it might
be maybe it's bad karma coming back to you talking about stealing stuff. Oh wait
man yeah you see shine away. Shine a light that's the Rolling Stones movie. Oh
Oh, yeah, I have not seen it yet. Did you I saw it yet a day was so good people said they look old and stuff
Uh-huh. They don't though. It's like how old would your grandfather look if he was playing a guitar now?
So you don't think the Rolling Stones look old at all? Not really no
really
well
Yeah
I have a I think they look I mean I give them credit for being up there and doing it, but
they look old I don't think that's I don't think you can deny that I think you
look old oh well I'm looking at you right now you're looking at me right now
yep I'm looking at you right through the window I thought you were in the lean
too I'm looking at you through the window you're cooking up it looks like
spaghetti no that's not me you have white hair no no hairline no yeah that's not
me I'm on the radio right now oh my god now you're pointing a gun at me that's
not me oh my god geez so Bryce is staring in people's windows and he just got
shot at. I hope, I hope not. Oh! Oh, Tom. All you wanted were bootlegs. Is that so much
to ask for? So this is America. Got three copies of Gone Tropo. That doesn't
Let's just double it.
It Alternates My
Two oh one two oh nine nine three six eight that's the number usually at this
point in the program we put a topic on the table and tonight is no exception
Tonight's topic.
If you owned a transport beam, and could beam anyone to the opposite side of the galaxy,
who would it be?
201-209-9368.
nine three six eight now that's not the topic tonight's topic is you are the owner
of willy wonka's factory with all of its dangers who would you trap in which
danger and willy wonka's factory and why two oh one two oh nine nine three six
I say, no, that's not the topic.
Tonight's topic, it's losing your cool.
I almost lost my cool over that beetle fest.
I held it together though.
But I came close.
Think of it, what are the times where you
have completely lost your cool?
I'm assuming most of my audience can conduct themselves in a social way where they are
able to honor the social contract and not step outside of the law, but everybody loses
their cool from time to time.
Tell me the time that you lost your call, 201, 209, 9368 who made you lose your cool?
When did you lose it?
Topics on the table.
when did you lose your cool
mike on the other side of the glass tonight holding it down thank you again
for providing your steady hand
as a pro
we're good on one of these first two lines
fm you you're on the air
paid comments
uh... sorry it's got to you
scott t the artist
how are you doing
i'm well how are you people can check out scott's work
by going to
taplin dot com
very talented young man
uh... move in your cool yes
uh... customer service representatives and they got you on hold for twenty
minutes
and they come back and they ask you to repeat your name over and over and
then they don't help you
drive me crazy
I come very very close to losing my cool and sometimes I do and you just yell at them
I have and it doesn't get you anywhere
No, because they are one accidental click away from putting you back at the beginning of the system
Yeah, that's right and <E.D.> with your account
Yes
Scary idea not a good idea at all when they've got that they've got the power
I do conduct yourself like a gentleman in those situations Scott I I try my best
and I try to remind myself to do that because first of all it's not their fault
that you're having a problem that's the number one thing you got to remember
yeah and they don't own the company no I mean that grant and they can be jerks
about it absolutely but that doesn't mean that you can return the favor because
they've got you by the hamstrings yes you know they do but you know what yeah
act like a gentleman you'll get through those things a little better I will
thank you Scott thanks Tom FM you you're on the air
hey Tom who who was this this is art art where you're calling from inside my
I am in your head and your head is located in Astoria, Queens, by the way, okay
How are you? I'm good. I'm pretty good. I was just reminded of a
I'm done. I was thinking, you know, I don't lose my coolant and and I was just reminded of something is this Joe Frank?
It's not I fill in I do fill in
I
Actually was doing a long-distance thing with a woman. We met up in Las Vegas where she had to be at a conference
So I, in the rental car, I'm dropping her off at this.
Does this sound like a Joe Frank story?
It probably will finish like one too.
And with the guy, with the hairy chest singing.
And I was basically telling,
I was basically dropping her off
and pulling out of the parking lot.
And then this truck pulls up in front of me
and like blocks the two lanes
of the little drop off area of the hotel.
and i'm there like with my new york state of mind just
fuming like why couldn't you
move over i'm in like a compact i could squeeze by that
in f two fifty or whatever is blocking the thing so
i'm just a
honking a horn up with
if you got any kind of woman in passenger seat he's looking back and
though i think you get the message any kind of pull up a little bit and over
and then he comes like a abrupt stop so i'd i'd just go around him
and as i'm going around him the passenger door opens
thinks my my front rear of my my front uh... left quarter panel
and and
and then you know and then the one in the woman like pols car back and i'd
pull up
like about maybe a hundred feet away from them in turn
and i get out of the car and i'm looking at the guy gets out of the car
and i can see the woman and she's got like her hand on her chest
and you know she's like all scared
and i see the guy looking and he sees what it what are you doing and i'm and
making this like
crazy flailing with my arms like are you not you know and i'm looking at
point of the car
and i just beat off
you know i'm the guy's like you know what are you doing what are you looking
back here for you know
like you can get a fight
by pull-off
yeah i'm dropping down the strip just my brain's back explode
and i'm thinking i'm not like that
not gonna be like that
i'm gonna go back
to the hotel
and i'm gonna
calm down and i'm going to i'm going to find those people and i'm going to
apologize
so that it's
billion what the hell so i drive back there try not to get into it
another rate road rage incident and i
i pull into the parking lot
i see the guy's truck is over on the side selling cable he's here i go in the
lobby
it's one of these uh...
guys that's selling them you know like uh... how to make a million in no
money down real estate type thing
um... he's sitting there with the guy his wife and their infant
baby
which no no doubt the woman
holding it about to get out of the car
i'm doing past
you know practically slamming the door back on her leg
and at that moment i realized like i'm the biggest jerk in the world and
and so i'm i walk up and i just said look folks i'm sorry i'm the one who
you know zoom past you
i just want to apologize is a bad day in a bad whatever you know and
the guy's like if you could tell he's following his private he's like well
you very much for saying that
appreciate it
and the guy that's selling them the real estate
looks at me and goes
that's a very nice thing you just did
let me give you a brochure and uh...
cd dvd and you know i don't know how to tell me
what a what a
what a noble act from this guy
i know that was my reward for having done the right thing he was hoping to
hook you on some of that uh... swamp land
that uh... erica strat is probably
anyway that was it i'm not a jerk really open you don't sound like a jerk is
a moment i was
thanks for the call
yeah no problem
fm you you're on the air
how is this
shot from an apple
shown from many apples how are you tonight
not too bad
Hey I was listening earlier and I heard you were talking about Beatles bootlegs.
Yes.
And I think I may have some here to offer you.
I'm not gonna do some weird- what is this? Sting operation?
No, I want to find out.
Don't off my phone! It's not like a cop.
Hello.
FM you, you're on the air.
Hi Thomas, Julie from Cincinnati.
Hey, how are you?
Great, how are you?
I'm doing okay.
Hey, I lost my cool one time.
And when was that?
Yeah.
Like a few years ago when I got my first job, it was my first week at my job, and my husband
then, like, I dropped out of grad school because I was failing, and he quit also.
Or he didn't quit, I mean, he was going, and he was making, like, $1,000 a month.
And he deposited his check into my paycheck, and this was after 9-11 in the Patriot Act, right?
Yeah
Well, they they'd checked they'd cashed every check and we paid our bills from it at my bank, right?
Yeah, well then my bank said that they lost it and they charged me over a thousand dollars in like
late in like bounce check fees and stuff
Oh, and then they blamed me for it, and they said, like, there was no check to positive
and blah, blah, blah, but there was, they lost it, they found it, and they apologize
eventually, but I actually got so mad at them that I kicked the door at the bank.
Wow.
Yeah.
I know that when they were saying you did something you didn't do.
They said that I, like, didn't put anything into the ATM machine.
Well, and I didn't.
I mean, Richard did.
But then, eventually, they said, oh, because of the Patriot Act, you can't deposit somebody's
check into an account unless their name is on the account, and we have separate accounts
for, like, eight years.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Well, you know what, though?
You got justice prevailed, but you didn't lose anything.
Well, I never got the money back, so it didn't exactly prevail.
What money?
Well, all the bounce check fees.
You had to pay all of them?
I did have to pay all of them.
So like, the first month, my first job was like, for nothing.
That's terrible, I'm sorry.
Terrible, yes.
That is like, I'm a person who should lose their cool all the time,
but I never have, except for that time.
and the time you called the show and cursed uh... like a uh... trucker
uh... well i mean like that like cursing and all that that's nothing
i mean like i never have liked nothing public
that's nothing
well it is i'm sorry about that
i'm not cursing today that now we move on onward and upward thank you julie
thank you so much well that scared me
oh boy
suddenly spike is yesterday's news
Hello, Julie.
Those two should have it out.
See who can be the king and or queen
of that particular turf.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi, Tom.
Hi, who's this?
This is Lori.
From Miami.
My family.
How are you tonight?
I'm okay, you.
I'm doing okay.
Yeah, are you just okay?
Yes, just okay.
Okay.
Yes, I said, oh, just okay.
Okay.
Yes, just okay.
Okay.
Ooh, boy.
It's like a Laurel and Hardy routine.
Yeah, it was going into bad territory.
No, Abbott and Costello.
Who do you think would win in a fight if Abbott and Costello fought Laurel and Hardy?
I don't know.
Laurel and Hardy probably win.
Who's more mass trying to think who's worse having a Costello or Laurel and
Hardy I think that's a four-way tie for last yeah I think so it's a different
era thought about yeah an unfunny era when can we get rid of that stuff those
movies my dad really likes this movie you're what my dad he's really into those
movies your dad likes Laurel and Hardy movies no Laurel and Hardy just like
Movies from the 30s. Uh-huh. Busby Berkeley and all that and I'm almost wondering if he's gay
You're wondering if your dad is gay
No, why is he watching Busby Berkeley movies?
Maybe he appreciates pageantry
Movies
Like whoa, what's your favorite your dad's favorite movie does he go to the movies at all or no?
No, they'd be violent
Too violent
Like what what's the last movie less contemporary movie that your dad liked
I don't know I have no idea
He really liked Danny cam Virginia male
what exactly I am going to buy him Preston Stirdo's DVDs for his next I guess for father's
day.
But why don't you just get him the original Prince?
No.
To Aaron his home theater.
He doesn't have a home theater.
Hey Mike, can you crack that door a couple inches?
So, to what do I owe the pleasure of this call?
I had something for the topic.
Oh, let's hear it.
Thank you, Mike.
Okay.
A couple of months ago, it was at the dry cleaners and the yayhoo behind the counter.
We're talking about Obama.
The what behind the counter?
Yeah, who's yayhoo.
Yeah, I know, sorry. They were talking about Barack Obama.
Yeah.
Well, one smart guy started out the conversation by saying,
how could you have a president named Barack Obama?
And, you know, it was like, whatever, just...
Yeah, you could get out of here.
Yeah.
and then we started talking about how oh he must be a Muslim because there's no
information on the internet and if only someone could find out his his
background he is shrouded in mystery so I kinda lost it and I forgot to get my
drug cleaning you don't get to me about that kind of thing and it's a place of
business you can't bite your tongue with that stuff until I'm done shopping
I know and and then when I went back to get my dry cleaning yes they lost my
skirt uh-oh so what did you do well I lost it again and I demanded you know
a refund and they offered me fifty dollars and but that's like that's a
you laugh at $50. I didn't cover entirely. It was like a bat. It wasn't like a crazy expensive skirt.
Well, didn't you see the episode of curb your enthusiasm? Yeah, I know. It was like that,
but worse because I know they intentionally lost it or damaged it or threw it out or stole it or
took it home with them or something because they yelled at them. Curb your in that episode of
to curb your enthusiasm yeah we're uh they just make things up now i don't like it
yeah all right laurie thanks so much okay bison fm you you're on the air
hi hi who's this this is rene rene where you're calling from
kidney australia really yeah i'm a friend of scottie tees and um you know the dancing gopher t-shirt
The W.F.M. U.T. shirt. The Dancing Gopher shirt. I think so. Yes. Yeah, I did that. You did? Yeah. Oh, well, thank you very much. Was it on a light blue shirt?
Yeah, that's... Yeah. I do remember it now. You remember the color. Yes. Wow. It was striking. You are very talented. Oh, gee, thanks. Oh, I know so.
I'm not as talented as Scott.
Oh stop.
You're talented.
No thanks.
So do you have anything for tonight's topic?
I do but I know I have to keep it clean.
Yes.
It's a family program.
Yeah.
It's hard to say P, right?
No.
No.
What a problem.
So, uh, this is about the difference between, um, women who hover over a toilet.
I don't want to.
What is this?
How dare you.
Get off my phone.
Weird.
Is that how they do it down in Sydney?
I don't like that.
Thumbs down.
That's sick.
That's sick.
What's going on here?
Mike even warned her.
Thumbs down.
This is not the Paul Hogan show.
It's not the Eric Banya show.
It's America.
We got standards.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, this is Nate from St. Paul.
St. Paul how are you tonight doing all right how are you doing doing okay excellent
so I have a call for the topic and this is actually kind of awkward coming a
couple calls after Julie's call because I actually used to work customer service
at a bank and I had to deal with situations like that on a regular basis
really yeah it was a pretty stressful and kind of awkward so and that's one of
times I actually lost my cool is when I had a customer on the line who had his
account overdrawn and he you know there was some sort of arcane bank rule
involved that you didn't entirely know about and he was basically giving me the
business for like 15 minutes straight no matter how much many times I tried to
you know talk him down apologize he just kept going at it and finally when he
you know decided the call is over he just said okay you know I'll see you in
hell and yeah I knew I shouldn't have said this in response but I just I'll see
you there you want to know what I'm not what you should have been fired yes in
fact this is this was a call that was being monitored by my supervisor exactly
Good.
And in fact, I did not get fired on that, which is kind of weird, actually, when you
come to think about it.
She actually did tell me, you know, this color can be difficult, but you're not supposed
to say things like that.
Yeah.
Supposed to show respect for the callers.
I'm with this guy.
Yeah.
I'm with this guy on this one.
You blew it.
You lost it.
Cool.
But that's what the topic is.
You lost your cool.
Yeah.
You sound like a cool guy, normally.
Right?
Well, it was a stressful job, and I don't work there anymore. I'm glad
But you lost your cool exactly now. What do you do? I?
Work data entry
Little more suitable to your to your temperament. Yes good. We all find the place that we belong
We all find it
Thank you young man. FM you you're on the air. Hi Tom. Hey, who's this? This is Blake Blake. Where are you calling from?
I'm actually calling from New Brunswick, but I'm from Chicago
Okay, I'm standing on front of the Hyatt New Brunswick, New Jersey my first time in New Jersey
It's exciting, right? Oh, yeah
I was I have had two two parts of my colleagues you want to ask you a question. I have a call apart for the topic
Did you go to the grease trucks? I've seen him. I'm working right next to him, but I haven't gone over to him yet
You go to a stuff your face. Yeah, I saw are you hungry? I think that's the one I read about on Wikipedia
Are you hungry?
That's one of the grease trucks?
Yeah, it's the one I saw today.
Walk up on the main drag.
What was that?
Walk up onto the main street.
George? Is that George Street?
Yes.
Good stuff. Go to Evelyn's.
Oh, I went to Evelyn's for lunch today.
Oh, it was not bad, right?
Yeah, well, I ate a late lunch. I got a spinach pie.
Get off my phone.
How dare you?
Go back.
where did he say it was from wherever you're from go back there got in like
the spinach pie for shame FM you you're on the air that guy can call back by
the way what can I do for a young man I got a story for the topic well who is
this my name is Charlie Charlie where are you calling from tonight Austin Texas
Austin, Texas, I am legally required to ask you if you see Harry Knowles on the street.
No, I haven't yet.
You haven't?
No.
Congratulations, Harry Knowles.
I was reading one of his reviews.
I got to read this, this review he wrote.
You knew who that is, right?
Yeah.
He's like the, is he the, is he like the king of Austin?
Do people talk about him in hush tones?
Him and Robert Ruttery is there.
Yeah.
I'm reading this Harry Knowles review of that movie The Ruins.
Hey folks, Harry here.
Boy, I'll tell you what.
If I never have another week like this one,
blah, blah, blah, Grandma lives in the hospital,
and I got diagnosed with type 2 diabetes,
which resulted in me buying workout clothes,
a gym membership and hiring a personal trainer to whip my behind for not
taking you all all you good folks good advice there's a worse written sentence
I've ever seen then he says tonight was my first workout I pedaled for 20 minutes
followed by about an hour and 10 minutes on the various weightlifting
equipment doing reps God I forgot how much I loved a great workout in a gym I
I feel the burns and the aches, but I'm also hydrating and enjoying warm showers.
I'm following the diets and my wife is joining me on this journey,
but just as many would feel this diabetes thing was bad news.
You know what gets me about this guy? I don't want to hear anybody who talks about
the first day at the gym, so like,
like he's painting some rhapsody of the experience.
You let me know, uh, two months from now, if you're still enjoying the burn.
His creep finally gets a gym membership.
And now he's gonna, uh, you know...
Now he's gonna tell all of us how great it is to exercise.
Yeah, we're all there already, buddy.
You're the one lagging behind.
Oh, it's healthy for you?
Oh, geez.
Thanks, so thanks for uh, cluing us into that secret of life that uh, maybe physical exertion helps make you more healthy
This guy maybe shouldn't watch four movies a day
I'm in a bad mood. What do you want?
I'm kidding. No, it's not your fault. All right. Let me know if you see him at a gym though
I'm gonna give you my home number
Okay, and you call me if you see him in a local crunch fitness
I want you to call me as soon as possible
Okay, I'll do that or maybe you can prop at this point. Yeah, I'm sure you could probably buy his gym membership off of him
he wrote this when on
Friday April 4th. I'm sure he's you probably check Craig's list in Austin some guy selling a gym membership
transferable gym membership
I hope not.
Go ahead.
All right.
Well, I got a story for your topic.
I can't wait.
It actually has to do with your show though too.
Ooh.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's weird.
It's weird.
Yeah.
So I was listening to this show where you had Todd Berry on.
Yes.
And it was great.
It was a great show.
No, thank.
And I actually went and I downloaded it as a new album and everything.
did you and then uh... where did you download it
uh... i got an eye-tune
okay good
we i did it legally
good
but uh... then uh... i i was walking around downtown
and ran into town berry
he was doing a show
uh... this friday night
he was with uh... louis ck two
and uh... i've never really
ran into anybody famous before
and uh... you know i thought i thought it would be cool about it
yeah but but i i ran up to him and i think i totally
freaked both of them out because uh... actually cut very with eating a
pretzel
and interrupted his press leading to shake his hand
and i was all excited and stuff
and then i asked louis ck when he was going to come back on hb o
which is sort of
yeah i think i've got canceled
after rude question to ask
and then i sort of a ran away
did you mention that you uh... did you heard hot on my show
uh... i i wish i would have thought of that but that part of the thing i i
totally freaked out you lost your cool
lost my cool
here's the here's what i'll tell you
meet people like that
look i think thot berry is awesome he's one of the funniest people
not exactly like meeting mohammed ali
now he's a normal guy
he was very terrible very nice not some god
you say go up you say hello
it's not like you know you it's not like you ran into uh...
it's not like you were you ran into uh...
trying to take somebody uh... bob dylan
you mean
you say hi i like your work
thank you very much for making me laugh
and you have a good day
that's it you don't shake the guy's hand while he's eating food
yeah that's true
you're right
you will talk very uh... one pretzel
i say you go to talk very dot com you email him
you contact him and you tell him
i owe you a pretzel
where do i how do i take care of this
and have this ever happened to you this sort of start star struck thing all the
time
Oh, can you give an example of something like this that's happened to you? Yes. Yes, I can.
I, uh, as I was leaving, I can't come up with any examples. It's never happened.
Now you make me feel horrible. Get off my phone.
They're just reminding me that I'm a nobody. A slob.
That's the other thing about this beetle fest. These people are so out of touch with what the
The Beatles are?
The Beatles are?
They're the ultimate slobs.
Coming from a weird, uh, weird sea-faring town.
These guys were not, uh, London snobs.
These are slobs.
Slobs who took over the world.
These people are so out of touch with the fact that I look at them and I see slobs conquering
the planet
if i'm you you're on the air
a time i do
i'm doing all right who's this
uh... this is overhand
uh... ever have ever heard of them are you the guy with the richard kind
uh... i i i guess i mean
but i'm just i'm not going to hang up on you we can move fast
but i can't do it
First of all, I'd say sorry about that Beel's Fest thing. That sounds like a terrible experience. It's a disaster
I'm sorry. I remember when I was a kid there was a Beel's Fest in
Chicago I grew up in Chicago and I really wanted to go to it
Yeah, and my dad didn't take me and now I hear in that story and I'm sure glad that I didn't get to go
How they would have ruined my image of them of your dad
You can't judge the Beatles by what these people were doing.
Well, okay.
All right.
Well...
What can I do for a young man?
So, I got a time when I lost my cool.
Let's hear it.
I was subletting.
Yes?
Apartment.
I was working.
And the landlord lived in the room next to where I was subletting.
Okay.
And he was always playing wild house music
at weird hours of the night.
And I wasn't going to complain because the rent was cheap
and I don't want to be a jerk.
So I didn't exactly like the guy.
And I was sharing this room with a roommate.
Now, one week, the roommates left town.
And I come back from a long day of work.
And I open a door, which had been locked.
And I literally say to myself, oh my goodness,
it's like an oven in here.
Because it was hot outside, but it was really, really hot
inside.
And I look around, and the oven is open.
And because it's an electric oven,
but the oven is open.
It's turned on.
There's a bunch of dishes that are broken.
And I just started to freak out, because I
thought we'd been robbed.
I'm trying to call my roommate.
can't get them because he's in Hawaii on some weird different time zones so I
have to go knock on the landlord's door and I've never like really
interacted with him before so I'm not gonna door and he comes out and he goes
you know the stick accent that I won't try to replicate but he goes you know
what's going on with the problem and I say I think we've been robbed I'm not
sure you know the other one second if you would stuck with acting I'm sure
you would have been able to replicate that accent
that you're here or there we're going to move forward
you knock on the landlord's door
i said i said i'm sorry to disturb you but um...
it's it's really really uh... hot in the the oven open and a bunch of stuff
broken i think
we might have been robbed and i'm not sure
and he just looks at me
like I said, I've never actually interacted with him up to this point and he says, who
are you and why are you in my building?
And I said, I'm living in the room next door, I'm subletting, he said, I never authorized
that.
I'm like, I don't know about that, I can talk to the roommate later, but I think there
might be a burglar here and he goes, look, I really, you shouldn't be here, you should
leaves and he said that in the context of that i'm living illegally at this
place
and
i don't really swearing or anything but i just lost my cool in terms of
volume i just started screaming and being like this isn't the time for this
i do we might all die in the next five minutes for all i know
and um...
in the end uh...
he said okay okay fine fine i got the roommate on the line that got cleared
up
The reason the story sticks in my mind, why was the oven on?
Yes, exactly.
This is the bizarre part.
We were not robbed.
Here was what happened.
It's like a room Goldberg thing or something.
Basically, my roommate had this cat who was really scared of me, apparently.
So one day, that day, when I'd lost, the cat had jumped up on top of this cabinet area
in the kitchenette
and i guess on top of the cabinet area there was uh...
an ironing bird
and somehow
in one
fell swooped because it's the only explanation because the door was double
locked
nobody got on nobody got out and there are none of the electronics restore
and we were obviously not robbed
somehow the cat had jumped up there because he was trying to find some hiding
place thinking like all that
guys gonna come back like i don't like
don't know yet you know thinking about me or something
and he knocks over the ironing board
which
fell down
in just such a way as to
both knock the oven open
and turn it on for like three hundred degrees
it is crazy
i don't i don't know how that's possible but it did happen and i
i really uh...
almost got kicked out of the apartment
You know, I love the fact that he said to you
Who are you and what are you doing in my building?
Why do you love that?
Guys doing his job
Judge Tom makes a ruling in favor of the landlord
Does looking effort tenants. He doesn't know who you are I
Was telling him that we might have been robbed I
I understand your point, but this guy you can't get down on this guy because he didn't know who you were.
Oh no, I'm not mad at the guy. I told you, I lost my cool. It was stupid.
You know, this wasn't a good idea.
That's true. You did lose your cool.
But you know what, Abraham? We move forward. Onward and upward.
Thank you very much, Tom.
Thank you. FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, Tom, how you doing?
Hey, I'm doing all right. Who's this?
This is Martin and Edison.
Martin and Edison, yeah.
How are you, Martin?
I'm good. How are you?
Doing okay. Yeah. Yes. I have one for the topic, but I have a quick English town story just about two characters that I saw there
There was one. I mean in the last like five years. I've probably been there twice, but
The one time there was a 12 year old kid smoking and he had a real tattoo on his arm
And the other time there was a guy who looked like he was totally like he was dead
But he showed up to Englishtown without a shirt. He'd tell he it was like blazing hot and all yeah
Yeah, so I don't care how hot it is. You don't leave the the house without a shirt
Yeah, you at least have one with you
Yeah, we did there was nothing tied around his waist was sticking out of a pocket. He was just no shirt
When's the last time Mike you walked around the streets without a shirt on you know, and I did that never I
I know, I would never do that.
I didn't do that when I was five.
I wouldn't even do that around my yard.
Yeah, you have a little bit of respect.
Dress code.
Yeah.
So do you have something on the topic, Martin?
Yeah, it's just when I was in school, I had to go to Kinko's a lot.
Okay.
And you know, I didn't have like the computer or the printer or whatever, and they charge
you by the minute, first of all.
And then they charge you per print.
So if you mess up printing something, that cost you like five bucks.
And there was one day where this thing kept getting messed up and kept getting messed
up.
And I went up to the person that kind of runs the computer area and I'm like, what's going
on here?
And I explained to them what happened and it wasn't my fault.
And it was almost like they had to charge me because I guess I put this on like a card.
It was Kinko cards and there was no way they could refund it.
And I just lost it.
It was just, you know, too much for me to handle.
I just, I was poor, and it was, you know, just, I couldn't believe they were like ripping
me off.
Did you curse?
I didn't curse, but I was really rude, and as soon as I was rude, I felt bad about it.
Like, because the girl, you know, it's not her fault, like, you know, she can't give
me my money back, but, you know, I just felt like I had to vent, and she was there, and
you know what you do
you say i would like to be the name of the uh...
the manager
and then you get it and usually you have you not getting satisfied you leave
with that net and that name
then you go home
you find out the corporate office
then you write them a letter
and you see see that manager
you say look i love uh... kinkos is my favorite company you don't be negative
to be a nice guy. This experience was not satisfactory, though. I wish I could continue
to solicit Kinkos, but this experience makes me have second thoughts about my supporting
this company.
Right. Yeah, I just kind of stopped going there ever since then. I got my own equipment
and I was like, I'm never going there.
I think you go back. I think even though you have the stuff at home, you still go back
Just to try to uh sort that out. Yeah. All right. Thanks Martin. Okay. Thank you
FM you you're on the air
Hey, what's going on Tom? Not a whole lot. Who's this? This is Frank calling from wehalkin
Frank and wehalkin to what do I owe the pleasure of this call? No, I got a story that goes along
with the theme about losing my cool. Yeah. Uh the story goes I used to live in Pennsylvania and
had a commute out to Manhattan every day. Uh the bus and night would leave from
What are you playing?
No, no, no.
Not anymore.
I'm thinking I got out of there.
I couldn't stand it anymore.
The commute was killer.
Oh, you moved beyond that fancy Manhattan job.
No, no, no.
I moved out of Pennsylvania.
Okay.
From my fancy Manhattan job.
Oh, so you still have the fancy job?
I wouldn't define it as fancy, but I mean I'm flattered that you consider it fancy.
What is the job?
Engineering.
I do like having final cut systems, servicing and building them and stuff like that.
a little bit of pro tools here and there as well
you work in a recording studio
no no i work in a reek that we build the stuff for the people who buy it
you build
pro tools
yeah pro tools systems final cut systems
avid
so you set up people's uh... so you do you go are you out and about or are you
or do they come out about all over the uh...
all over the tri-state area is someone exciting who who who you've uh... done
the their equipment
uh...
radio city of the client
no i said exciting
that's not exciting about uh...
i'm trying to think of some of the dude who invented pop-up video was actually
one of our client had low
yeah and he has uh... he has another show like
work people dance pants off dance off on the user something talented man
and pants off dance off
i thought a little bit of a few
you know who i am
I brought the world pop-up video and pants off dance off
You know that you almost sound sort of like it
That's sort of something I was introduced. You want to know what shame on that guy. It's part of the problem not part of the solution
Wait, is this show is this show part of the problem?
Are we part of the problem here? It contributes a little both
Mostly towards the problem. Oh, I don't like that get off my phone
Say I'm part of the problem. So say no, Tom. You're part of the solution
W. F. M. U. East Orange W. X. H. D. Mount Hope
W. W. F. M. U. R. G.
Best show on W. F. M. U. Heading into hour three
Two in the books. Where would you rank this one Mike?
Where would you rank this show?
There's an all-timer. I'm telling you this is an all-timer.
F. M. U. You're on the air. Hi Tom.
Hi, who's this? This is Blake. This one I called earlier. Yes, how are you Blake?
pretty good i really enjoy the spanish pies actually
all right move on to the second half of your time right we're just gonna move
past you being in new bronzwick thank you thank you
uh... i live in chicago on the south side yeah
and this was over the summertime my girlfriend was living with me
yes and there was an old man who lived next door who'd live there for probably
thirty five years uh-huh and uh each sit on the porch every day or the
front step and he would drink his beer all day
But he was a nice guy. Very nice guy. We always had a great relationship.
Sure, sure.
Then one night, he would stay up till maybe 11-12 on the porch.
One night I'd come home and I'll admit that as I was very low parking, I ran into the car behind me a little bit.
But it was a truck and I drive a small car. So I didn't do much damage to the bumper.
I didn't do any damage to his bumper. His crumb bumper damaged my car, actually.
uh...
well the old man saw this
and uh... didn't say anything to me told them
uh... guilty of them
yet so then uh... two weeks later i'm a great job on that one
but no
uh... two weeks later and pull up to the house
yes
and uh... arrested
no not at all
uh... my girlfriend and i were running to the house we had to go to a
actually wedding that night so we need to
clean up dress up
and uh... when i get out of my car the old man starts yelling at me which
wait for me to come over and scream it at me
and uh...
abnormal for how you treat me
so i had
tell my girlfriend to go inside of over and talk to him
well anyways that truck i hit was one of his tenants
i guess he owns the building and realize that it's all right
and uh... he starts screaming at me saying i did all this damage to the
chrome bumper and i said oh sir i you know i'm sorry i didn't do any of this
the guy who struck it was was very nice using younger guy
he was kind of agreeing with me but this old man was
it would end of the day so he was drunk by this time so he's
belligerent
and uh... wouldn't stop screaming and i was i kept my cool for quite a while
and i finally asked the old the older general i said you know you get you got
a step back as this is between
this guy me not not even
and uh... he eventually walked away
and uh... young guy and i figured it all out and realized
they said well you didn't do any damage don't worry about it
the old guy started sneering at me
I mean, sneering at me the whole time.
If I sit in whatever and walked in the house,
or I leave the house with my girlfriend
about an hour later, I'm all dressed up.
Yeah.
Old man's still sitting on the porch,
and there's another guy with him
that I've never seen before,
and I don't think anything of it.
And I look over at the guy and he sneers,
and I just tell him to, I use the toilet word.
You know?
Yeah, okay.
I told him to thumpin' off, you know?
I don't like that.
Yeah.
Okay.
Really, really.
So wait a minute, let me just back up here.
yeah you uh...
bumped into somebody's truck
yeah and did you contact that person
no i didn't it was a gentle bump i didn't do anything to a truck it was
nothing it was like how you when you pay a little parking you cut somebody's
truck
uh...
with a kid
and then this old man
read it out
read me out
here there was some previous damage on the bumper he was trying to accuse me
on what what the chrome bumper on the chrome bumper i have i drive a four
tempo with a plastic bumper
so you don't like the fact that this old man busted you
uh...
and that made you lose your cool
not not it not yet
uh... yet
it's because the old man wouldn't drop it
it wasn't between him and i at that point it was between the the manual in
the truck
will you understand
that's how it is for heroes sometimes
and it's true true
i tell the guy a toilet word i shouldn't have said this is my law for my
cool
uh... my girlfriend doesn't even hear me say that they said that you have a
plastic bumper
uh... what
yet we know nothing
and what did the guy have on the guy on the truck did not have a plastic
bumper
the chrome bumper night okay
it had few dentists city trucker
uh... so you're facing the city of chicago
it's not a good for ranger
not the city of chicago those guys
i don't talk to those guys very often
i'm not going to talk to those guys never lose my cool
so
uh... you say the spoiler words of the guy
and uh... i walked my car i get halfway across the street that part on the
other side of the street
and other gentleman with them
explode
comes running at me was maybe in his forty
the old man's in his late sixty
explodes comes running at me and i think uh...
and start uh... screaming
tons of words
i won't say on the right who's running at you now the guy of the truck
no no that this other guy i don't even know who he is it was a standing with
the old man
it turns out to be the old man's son
uh... checking up on his dad
start screaming at me and i walked my check what my car tell my girlfriend to
get in the car
he's he's i'm i'm a little shorter he was really tall yeah standing over me
screaming threatening to you know
yeah head in throw my head in the car
you pop him in the bread basket
you know
i stood at my car door i looked at my car my girlfriend looking pretty scared
yeah
i uh... what you do right into the side of the bumper
the old so both the old man and the young guy standing over my shoulder
screaming at me
so i turn around i think myself like that i think i think i can punch them
both
right yeah i could do that or i could just get my car which is what i'm gonna
have to do
because i'm not much of them
so basically
you committed a you committed a uh... a moving violation
the old man busted you
and then you went into a uh... blind rage and cursed at him
and his son stuck up for his father
the exit
that's a couple of father and we're going to get off my phone
go back to chicago
get out you're not you're not fit to shine
new bronzer shoes
you're not allowed to air okay message all grease truck drivers
anybody comes up to the grease truck wants uh...
uh... fat darrell with uh... pickles and uh... relish or whatever garbage they
put on stuff in chicago
turn them away
i'll pay triple
i'll pay triple to turn this guy away
if i knew you're on the air
hate on the sarah i need some advice about losing my cool sarah calling from
new orleans how are you
i'm good how are you doing okay
so i was having dinner with my boyfriend tonight he said oh our friends
dan and peggy invited us for dinner tomorrow and i said oh that sounds great
and then he said i'm going to be there and he's bringing his friend from new
york and i said that sounds cool
and then he said oh his friend was in pavement
and this is where my head explodes a little bit because
i'm twenty eight now so that twelve years ago i was in high school and a
complete pavement fanatic yeah like i made collages to the stand in my
parents attic
well before it turned down the dinner invitation because i might lose my mind
which member is it
it's uh... mark eyeball the basis
tonight i think i have got a nice guy go to the dinner
that's what i thought you'd say you see you've met him he's a cool guy i
probably shouldn't tell about the collages tell about the collage is nice
guy
would be flattered
oh good okay well
you know i don't need to have hard palpitations and sweat on the table
relaxes famous guys die again
you're not going to meet uh... Muhammad Ali here
yet but it's like if you were having dinner with george Harrison like i
didn't care about the Beatles when i was that age it was pavement
all the way and george Harrison you know i'd say
how you doing
big and unless he has a chicken wing in it
say thank you so much be a big fan appreciate everything
and then that's it
well that's pretty cool maybe ask him one question and he said thanks again
but you're going to this is a socially arranged event
yeah i mean we're going to be sitting down for dinner for a couple hours
drinking what are you going to be covered in sweat
probably my pupils are going to be dilated
I want to ask him about why we zowie. I want to ask him about why we zowie.
I really like this one part. Let's talk to him. He's normal.
Okay. Well thank you. Well call back next week and let me know how it goes.
All right I will take care. FMU you're on the air.
Hey Tom how you doing? I'm calling him from Seoul South Korea.
Really? Yeah. What is your name? My name is Tim.
Tim what time is it there? It's about uh
Just after 11 a.m. Usually, I'm at work, but I got the day off. It's election day here, but I listen to you via the podcasts
But you're live today. Yep live today
Love it. Listen, man
You never failed to put a smile on my face and you just rock I have to say that right now and
I'm not trying to you know go for any of these awards. I'm just telling you straight as it is. You know fine
Yeah, listen the one thing I want to add
the only person that taught Barry guy the guy who went up to Todd Barry all
sweaty mm-hmm you know that and I couldn't think of an example right I can I can
think of one okay at the WFMU record fair ah and James came up to me the guy
with the toupee yeah a little creep right his toupee was starting to slide
down his forehead because he's sweating so much when you told me about that you
reminded me of Neil hamburger yeah he wishes he had Neil hamburger's hair
yeah okay well listen I just wanted to add something to the topic tonight about
losing my cool let's hear it okay first off I just want to say that you know
I've lived in Korea for about nine years and you know living in a different
country in a different culture you have to get used to things yes but no matter
where you live, the law is the law. I mean, there's universal laws as far as I'm concerned,
and one of these kind of specify towards traffic. Now, I walk my dog every day, and I pretty
much listen to the best show on the iPod when I'm walking, you know, just gives me something
to do and listen to a great show. And then I come to a crosswalk. Light is green, I try
to cross, and before I even get halfway across the street, here's some jerkwad who's blowing
right through the red. And if it was just one moment, I could understand. But this is
a habitual thing in this country. And I'm not trying to say it's everyone, okay? Let
me set this straight. But it just seems here that if one person does it, well, that's just
the way to do it and everybody else follows suit. So for being a pedestrian, I really
get, you know, peoed at this. I get mad. And it's not just me. It's, you know, old people,
little kids, you know, we're trying to cross the street and here's some guy who, you know,
just wants to take two seconds off the record by blowing a red. Yes.
And it just drives me insane. I mean, I tried to put up with it. I tried to, you know,
hold the kids back on a green. I tried to wait a second and let all the
idiots blow through the red. And finally, one day I just lost it. So I had my dog in my leash on
one hand. It's the room at a car? No. I had, I stuck my hand in my pocket and I took a handful
the change and I threw the change at the car. Really? Yeah. That is pretty good. Then what
happened was, you know, this guy got out of the car and I kind of said to him in Korea
and I said, well, how come you stopped here when you couldn't stop 200 feet behind the
line where everybody else is? Yeah. And he's kind of looking at me like, you know, the
light was red. The light was red. And I said, yeah, the crosswalk light is red now. But
not just you know because we've been sitting there having this argument for
a couple of minutes
and finally he came up and got in my face and he got all up the above it
and i just kind of told him i said get back in your car
and i didn't mean to be in all confrontation on but he was the one that
you know
like charles bronson
and i just said get in your car now he did
and he did
and he left
did you call him pabow also
no i've got that far pabow
but anyway you know bobble that's right it is yeah
but i wanted uh... basically i went down to my police station on the corner
here and i told them i said listen i said that can you say what you said in korean
to the guy people in the chat want you to say
but keep it clean note basically call them a mong chong mong chong
mong chong you just means idiot you know okay
i thought i'm done i use a couple of uh... toilet words you would know what
they are in korean but i don't want to say them teach anybody but there's a
world-wide show we don't we don't want toilet mouth in any language absolutely
right but i went down to the police station you know on the corner and i
just basically said to them i said look can you please throw up a camera at this
crosswalk you know up on the lights and they and they basically said well that
will cost a lot of money and blah blah blah i said you don't even have to plug
it in i said all people need to do is just see it there like a scarecrow you
know keep the birds away yeah all they need to do is just see a fake camera up
There is it on is it off? I don't know. Maybe I should stop you know, I think you got to do you got to take it one step further
It's time for you
To become a superhero
superhero and design a costume
Maybe be like a like a iron man build like something and just punch the front of the cars if they drive through the through the
light
now well you know i mean get out you know i don't want to take you know i
don't have to be like i'm overreacting because i first i thought i was and
then i thought to some people and they said no
they said you know you have the right to cross on a green
as much as anyone else and i mean i'm not worried so much about myself as i
am worried about little kids that you know run across the street to meet
their mom or that's what i hear folks trying to be right
i'm with you know i'm with you on this that's why i think that's what
that would measures
the police aren't listening
you're a well complete i'm kind of like when i first told them they kind of
greened and they're like well you know
you know how many people are doing that we got a million people doing that we
can't bust a million people you know
who's it was nick nolte a cop over there in korea
and what it's just where they are you know i mean just their attitude was just
the same way on a connect nolte nonchalant that's why i'm telling you
you've got to take this uh... you got to take this uh... is on you
the burdens on you to be a hero
well unfortunately i think what's going to happen is that somebody's going to
get hit or unfortunately die before they decide or maybe there's a problem here
maybe there's something else to do you know exactly that is on for the whole
hopefully
you as a hero will will stop this
how many times i have to tell you
i don't know if you know basically you have a picture or something you know i
mean
i don't know don't run something i just want to look out for you know not just
my own interest but i mean you know why can't i cross the street at the end of
a day listening to the best show without having to worry about getting clipped
you know that's it
change it hero change it
well
do what i can
all right well thank you very much tom and that you just keep doing what you're
doing right now you raise thank you but i appreciate all right i think they
really have to put the the song iron man in the iron man trailer
like we didn't get that it was iron man
gonna blast through these calls
real fast fm you're on the air
This is Josh from Austin who Josh from Austin real quick. I haven't Harry knows Harry knows at the gym. You have I
Did not I swear to God I swear to God
He was in a wheelchair and his girlfriend wheeled him in the gym and I had to stop and actually not go into the gym
And wait until he was in there about five minutes later. I went in I got on the elliptical machine
His girlfriend wheeled them by the wheelchair and I can't look some
looking straight and then
i'm going to play direct him
on off like a handicap machine
it was that
they're making me feel bad
i'd like to do it with that it was that
what can i do for you tonight
josh that's it that's it i just thought goodbye
fm you you're on the air
uh... who's this
is a joke in seattle joe let's hear it
uh... i lost my cool and i really regret having done so let's hear it
I was out having some soup with a friend of mine.
It was a great tomato basil soup.
And I went back out to my car, and this guy
was double parked behind me in this black, brand new, great
paint job, Camaro.
Dice in the window just really annoying.
So I spent 15 minutes just sort of backing in, backing out,
backing in, trying to get my car out of there.
And I was getting really mad.
So I got out of the car, and I kicked a dent in his car.
I feel really mad about that, because it's illegal.
Yes.
Yeah, so I kicked it then in his car, and I left a little note on his window, a little nasty little note.
Went away and nothing ever happened of it.
But, just desserts felt so bad about this when I got home. I kicked it then in my own car.
It was a crappy car, but still.
You took it out on your own stuff.
Yes, and, you know, get a little car going.
Seattle Justice. Thanks.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hello? Hello?
Hello? Yeah. Goodbye. FMU, you're on the air.
It's Tom, it's Frank from Wehalk and I guess we got disconnected when I stated it.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, Tom, it's Officer Tom.
Officer Tom, how are you?
I'm very well yourself.
Doing okay, you're the final call of this segment.
Oh, all right.
What do you want to hear about?
You want me to bring some stuff up?
Glad you losing your cool?
Oh, good.
I, um, no, I haven't actually lost my cool recently, but I did have the opportunity
to write the biggest dumb stick in the town where i work a ticket
yeah
yeah
and uh...
if i walk around
uh... talking on the cell phone
let me say something about that also
i have a good congratulations on nailing the guy on that
this is not what this is what i don't want to see though the law by every
town you go through they have these flashing signs set up on any half busy
street to say it's the law don't talk about cell phones
new jersey get pulled over
good it's on the books
i don't want to see cops driving around talking on their cell phones
you're absolutely right
pull over
i've seen a lot
i've seen the bluetooth
well good i'd i'd i'd i'd that's the euro you're obeying the law
but i have seen so many cops now
driving around with their cell talking on cell phones
like what am i in that i was with some weird uh... police state
the laws don't apply
right now you know i agree with you a hundred percent but
usually when those laws are enacted
uh... like when the seatbelt war used to be a secondary offense where you had
to be pulled over for something else yeah yeah and then and then if you want
wearing a seat that you get it then they'd
people to primary offense yes but now and now the cell phone is a primary
defense right exactly but nine times out of ten they will exempt
cops
fireman and ambulance like first responder type
sure i don't know i don't know why
but they they do it exempt us
my department actually came out with an order from the chief is like i don't
want to see anybody on the cell phone otherwise you have to deal with me
because it just said to bed if it was a bad mood in the air
but if people don't want to see that somebody else breaking the law
play at that guy who's all enforcing the law kind of uh...
taken advantage of the thing in not obeying knowing he can't get a ticket
which is you know you got to be an example
just buy a bluetooth cops that's all i'm saying i'd be like officer tom
yes i uh... all right
uh... shine the light is that the new roe stonzo v
yes
have you seen it i have not yet did you
i'm going friday night
to see it at the i-max theater in the city
alright i max
yet first time i've ever i've never been to an i max wouldn't you almost think
that that's the last movie that should have been an i max
of all the reason in history
to have to see those guys
every pock mark
feel like you might fall inside uh...
uh... keith uh... keith richard's face
yeah i should film it like you know forty years ago exactly should have but
they didn't
but you actually did
this guy's making movie every seven years
right right what you know it's a night out i like going to the city
you're going to have time
you're going to have a good time
exactly
and then uh... the other thing i wanted to mention was uh... i heard you did you
go to that
i was in and out of the car all night because i'm working
uh... did you go to the beetle festing oh yeah
really you were there that's right in my backyard since i grew up over there
in secret
yeah and it's uh...
at some scene i thought it was uh... to catch a predator
if it was a convention for that
i guess a couple of months ago i listened to the uh... eric clapton
uh...
biography on cd
uh...
and you know he had that whole interaction with uh... george harrisons
wife what's her name again <E.D.> she was acting
right she was there did you get a chance to see her i saw a walk by
what did she look like
it's fine
track the body and she looked like she should have been like the middle person
between
Eric Clapton and Jordan Allison
well what do you think Eric Clapton's not looking so hot these days either
you know
everybody ages what do you can't do nothing about that
that's true they're all you know like in their 50s or 60s are even good
she'll look good for some she'll look good for somebody who are not hell and
mirroring it right right
is required of a lot of other stuff
hopefully they won't call me because i want to be here in a place i think
quadruple homicide
there in a place all officers get in here and you're like a let me turn
it down
listen i'm on the phone now i'm on the radio
this is a priority
priority
all officer tom
i uh...
mike is giving me the high sign
all right man i'll move along i'll uh...
try to get it all the next week yes please do and thank you for calling i
appreciate it
beginning
fm you you're on the air
uh...
how's it going
what's that
how's it going and
on stuff
com okay
who's this
uh...
you didn't hear the topic we're talking about
are you talking about people
really like
I don't know, like listen in like the last, I don't like hour or so.
Uh-huh.
What are you talking about and stuff about losing your cool?
I don't know if I've ever really done that.
I don't know.
I mean, like, did, did like you ever do that and stuff?
Did I ever lose my cool?
Yeah.
Yeah, on occasion I've lost my cool.
You know, you try to, it happens to everybody, I think.
You know, like, one time, like, I did do that and like, I was helping,
Um, like my dad was like a, he was like, um, like making like a, some kind of wood working thing and stuff and, um, he gave me the hammer and stuff and he wanted me like to show me like how to like, put a nail in and stuff.
And I hit my thumb and stuff and it really hurt.
Okay, and then you lost your cool.
I said something, but I probably can't say it like on my radio and stuff.
Yeah, I would prefer you didn't.
I said like damn and stuff.
okay well that
that's a that you can say that but let's not say any other okay
hey like i thought if you could like play a song for me
may i guess what what do you want to hear when you're like um...
simply number five and in c-sharp minor
what's that
simply number five in c-sharp minor
uh... it
it's stupid i don't know
symphony number five symphony number five who who who is that by
it's stupid and i don't know if it's like
I don't know, it's like this piece by Mahler and stuff.
Mm-hmm.
Um...
I know, this is... Who is this?
You don't remember me, eh?
I don't know, I don't know, you probably don't remember me, is that right?
What's your name?
Like, Pudge?
Yes, that's who I thought it was.
I thought it was you at first and then...
Oh, really? Like, you remember me?
It didn't sound like you at first, you threw me.
Oh.
And then...
I thought I sound like...
...the earlier and...
It just sounded... Well, I thought it might have been you, but then I wasn't sure if it was.
Okay, um like remember like I haven't called like in a long time and stuff because of what happened
You remember what happened to me?
vaguely
Like you know, they have like colonial days and stuff in New Bridge it like that
Uh-huh. Yeah, I do remember colonial days were all the power and all the technology gets rolled back for one day
And like I got shot in the leg remember that. Yes. Yeah, I do remember. How are you doing? Well for a long time
like I didn't know if I was okay and stuff. I don't know. I didn't really know. It seemed
like I was okay but maybe not and stuff. And then I think I am like now.
You think you're okay now? I think so and stuff. Yeah. So do you have that that that's
wrong? That symphony you could maybe play? I don't know if I'm gonna be able to get
to uh... entire symphony
is that uh... you know like me to hear it and stuff
you need to hear it
yeah for like the thing i'm doing
well what it what are you doing
doing pudge
that's not been i don't know
now what is it
well like i'm doing like this article
on goosebob baller you know the Austrian
you know composer and junk you know
right for this dumb magazine and stuff what magazine it's called classical
music classical music that's a that's a that's like a
a pretty renowned magazine that's like i don't know what to do but it's like the
day and it's like the biggest one that there isn't that but but
you know
that's
well that's fantastic
well i i don't but like my my copy of of simply number five in t-shirt
minor like has like a big skip on stuff and i i i i need to hear it
because like the
like i don't know if like the second movement
is where he throws in that leading note
takeout and stuff
okay i i i uh...
i don't know we'll look for it i can't count on us having it
well it's like that
you know about like the leading notice
i'm sorry
like now with the leading note is that i don't i don't i really don't
i think it's going to forget it
no no no i'm interested you you
what is the leading note well it's like it's like the seventh note of like
this
i don't know it's like
you know of the scale
and there's like
you know after like that note happens there's like this
i don't know there's this
big desire like the
to kind of resolve to the tonic
okay you know it
the time i can stop
that's like that
of that but the first one of the scale that i think it's a little bit of
stupid i'm sorry that i'll talk to you later
now stop
it's not my area of expertise by any stretch
so i'll just take your word for
it's kind of interesting guy and
who's that kind of dumb no mauler
okay
well what what what's interesting about that
stuff no like what
i don't know what you know i don't know when
like it
symphonies and stuff they're kind of like divided into like
three or more groupings
although there's like different opinions and stuff on the boundaries
between the groupings and stuff
like the first four or five of the site symphonies i don't know they're kind of
like
i don't like people kind of call them
you know like that
the wonderhorn symphonies and stuff because of the use of thematic material
and stuff
it's kind of like a wonderhorn
kind of song cycle and chug it's stupid i'm sorry it's not stupid it's
sort of it i'm sorry but like it's interesting i don't know if it's dumb
no don't worry pudge but like you know like it's been seven
symphonies they're i don't know they're kind of like mature and stuff
okay you know they're kind of like interleaving tragic and i don't know
what kind of optimistic elements and and stuff
i'm sorry it was inter
interleaving what was that interleaving like try i don't know tragic and
optimistic elements and stuff like in this and like he didn't want to like
college but symphonies and stuff because he was like superstitious
because like they told me to hurt
they'd they died like
on stuff after their
their ninth symphonies and stuff because he didn't want like die and stuff
he didn't want that to happen it's stupid uh... it's kind of fun to write
oh that's interesting
that's very interesting
yeah it's kind of fun to write that you know
you know and like the editor of the magazine and stuff
you know he said like i've actually written some of the best ones ever and
stuff
he said you've written some of the best stuff for for that magazine
i'm sorry
now
that's one of the best symphonies
that you've written some of the you you've written other articles
no symphonies and stuff
i'll do it
you've actually written symphonies
yeah
why
okay i just i thought you were writing uh... article but yeah i was right like
article and stuff that i've also written like a bunch of symphonies and stuff
it's stupid really
that's not stupid and that's that's fantastic
uh...
like the new british bill or mine it's going to do
one of my symphonies in like july and stuff
who who's going to do it the new british bill or mine
well
that's impressive
uh... stupid
you're a young guy right
how old
like eighteen and
well that's really impressive and i don't know what dumb
you know i'll probably do something else sometimes i don't know it's not dumb
you should be kind of like stupid stuff i'd do it and stuff you should be
proud of this
oh you know what i am sort of like proud of and stuff i don't know what's that
it's stupid too i don't know
this other thing i'm doing what's that
um i don't know like i'm gonna throw my hat into the ring for the new bridge
may you be a tutorial rate
you're gonna run for you're gonna run for mayor
it's stupid
well that's not stupid at all
how how are
but you're eighteen how is that allowed
like no age limit or not or anything
in newbridge there's not
no i think it's well i think like one of only places where there's not one
really that's interesting i don't know that i didn't know that anyone
oh yeah
like a baby could run and stuff
in newbridge a baby could potentially run
uh... let me in it
i guess that that that that it was okay and uh...
uh-huh worth my moment
stupid
no it's not stupid i got my i got my signatures at least so you got the
thirty seven signatures
did you get any
uh... i'm not gonna run i don't think
i just don't think i'm i'm interested in serving like that
but you are
it yet to put up a lot of a lot of a little bit of a lot of it's not what
i'll talk to you later
that i apologize what what would you be running uh...
like do you have certain if things that make you want over to be mayor like
things that you would do
i don't know
i don't know i mean
uh...
now what you would do you know do you have any is there anything it's okay
There's like some stuff I've made, I don't know,
maybe do and stuff, I don't know.
What's that?
There's like some stuff I've maybe do.
Okay, like what?
I don't know, I don't know.
Like, you know, like there's all those like parking meters
downtown and stuff, like center new bridge and stuff.
Sure.
And like, you know, it's like $3 to park for like an hour
and stuff.
Yeah, by the time you feed all the quarters and ensure.
Yeah, and you know how like Officer Harrops
and then his goons, they like prowl the street
and they're always giving out tickets
and yeah
beaten people and yes i i do know
well you know like now nobody wants to go down there and stuff and like
shopping
mhm coz they're free to get tickets and they're free to get beaten with like
a baton and junk
yeah
and so what what would you do what about that
well i i don't like to do you know i like last year the city lost like fourteen
thousand dollars off the parking meter
no i didn't
well call so much to like main maintenance that because they're gas-powered
okay
and officer harrisons goons beat the many people up that i'd like cost the
city so much to defend them in law students and john
i don't like my
my stupid ideas like that we like to away with like parking
meters and stuff and we give all the money that would like go into like
maintenance and
and then officer harris and stuff
and put it all back in like this stores and businesses and stuff and then
it would give people
i don't like incentive to come back
downtown and spend money in shops and
and like
i don't know like money into the
the institute but i'm sorry i'll talk to you later no stop that's a great idea
really you like you like it
yes if you so you would basically pull out the parking meters make it free to
park
downtown
oh yeah yeah i mean it
i don't know it might work as it probably wouldn't work though right
you think it
i don't think it would work
i think it would work
i mean i'm sure there's
uh... i'm sure uh... is that something you came up with her
you don't know yet why
okay i i mean
other examples of other other towns maybe you could look for do some research
or something
all well i mean like i don't know i like i
kind of institute of the same thing and like
new bridge and west old bridges
it's a way you've done this already a couple years ago and that's why
while
well that and you see you actually got this
i was on like it i don't like it i don't know it's kind of a think tank for
those
talent like a
like a boning
kind of board sort of like think tank and stuff where you've got come up with
i don't know you come up like dumb ideas and stuff uh-huh and like maybe they
you know they'll go they'll institute them and stuff i'm sure they work for
those pounds and i don't jump
i'm sure they're not dumb ideas that sounds pretty impressive
like it did it think all of that that's it
you know
impound sure
yes
it's kind of like it's real hazardous and stuff and like there's kids
fell in there and
and it took like a week to get a mountain stuff and they were starving
what's that
and i do remember that yes that was horrible and they were all skinny and
stuff but yeah but they got a mountain that the let at like the nick of time
I almost like that movie, I don't know if it's a dumb movie called The Ruins that's coming out and stuff.
Yeah, I did not see that, did you say it?
It's a fun book, I read it in like 20 minutes and stuff.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, like came out.
So you, what would you do about the sinkhole?
Well, remember how like Bishop Fontana was like trying to get the Pope to come and bless it and stuff?
Yes.
It's going to like give the Pope like an iPod or something.
I do remember that, yeah.
You probably read it like that's not happening that the post gonna come and stuff. Yeah, I did hear that that he's I think he's going to New York
Well, I also since like Bishop on time
He got caught with that apparatus and stuff with the device. No, it's an apparatus
You know, it's even weirder than like the device and stuff that Judge Davies have oh
I didn't know that yeah, but like the apparatus. It's like it's like mates from 13 feet of like burlap and stuff and like a hundred pounds of
like aluminum siding and seven gallons canola oil and stuff.
Geez. And there's the plunger?
I did not know about that, but that sounds kind of gross and stuff.
Yeah. I can send you like a JPEG of it and stuff.
No, you know what? I'm actually gonna respectfully decline.
Okay, well you know I think we should probably like forget about the roller
coaster in the amusement park that people are talking about putting there.
That's probably a good idea. I would agree with that completely and it seems
like no candidate
is is even discussing taking a that approach to it
well i don't know if you've left her like that guy from the remote was going to
do it
was going to have like a rolly coaster or something and
yes the uh... markey remone who who's also running for mayor i believe
yes
he's smarter than me
no he's not i could go out talk to you later
stop
are you sure yes i'm positive
while for her to like ricki rocket
is going to
have like an amusement park there too ricki rocket he was in that band
poison and stuff
is he the one who's a red who got a charge
i think so did you see like the the thing where that said like what is your
name wasn't
his real name is not like ricki rocket and uh...
well what what is it
richard l rocket
his name is richard rocket
i'm surprised that his last name was actually rocket oh yeah
and with two t
well i had that that
that takes me by surprise well you know i think we should do it like the
thing called
uh...
what would that be
we should like filled in and stuff i don't have to be with like colored
balls or anything like the other one
yeah you know we could fill it with anything like maybe something even like
sturdier and stuff
like cement and stuff
yeah and like
pay that over and john and like
you know since like
you know like new bridges right between west bridge in new south east
bridge and yeah
like right on on
route seven thirty two
i think there's like so much traffic that could come through there like we
should build like a mall and stuff
and like i don't like a lot of people could come and
shop there and and
john it's stupid i'll talk about it and i don't know that that makes that makes
a lot of sense
yet really think so and so
sure everybody every other candidate
has talked about the uh... the sinkhole as trying to make it some sort of uh...
some sort of uh... like attraction
uh... i don't know
uh... which i i think is is um...
that probably right i'll talk to you later no stop
sure okay so you so you are running for mayor now oh yeah throw it in there
right now
i'd say
pudge i would vote for you in a heartbeat
all thanks you know i'm actually going to like i don't like officially
you know it's like
like i can see like maybe on friday and stuff
where you're going to do that
i like in my house and stuff
okay i'm always going to make like pancakes and john
uh-huh
like a pancake uh... pancake announcement
pretty cool name i might have to put down like a poster and jump uh-huh
pancake announcement
and do that
well i think i think you're off to a uh uh pretty impressive start
oh thanks and junk i guess yeah and junk
okay well like i don't know like maybe
maybe you could like be my like i don't know like campaign manager
and stuff i don't know i'm trying to say i'm going to try to stay out of
being involved in any of the campaigns and i think i'm just gonna
uh...
really okay yeah i think so
kind of thinking like what i do like i've got like elected in general like a
first thing i do what's that
i don't know probably like have you put to death and stuff
oh come on
i thought i was safe
you're everyone threatens me
i don't know like i don't know you're kind of like a jerk and stuff
why a jerk
but you don't like having a like community spirit in john
all you gotta be kidding i have so much community spiro think you do it
i would ask your call screener but his name brian
job his name's mike okay
i don't know what i guess
i don't know i i would
if i was you maybe in john i would i don't know maybe hope i didn't get like
elected and
hope that you didn't get elected yeah you know
well i think i do now
would you say it
outwell
uh... i i don't want to know
but i'd probably like murdering
well how do you want to know i didn't want to talk about it okay
well i don't know
uh...
maybe i don't get get ready and stuff maybe if
i get elected in john
here i don't know you're probably not going to be alive and stuff
i'll stop
okay i dare you
i don't know if you want to look i don't know i want to help me like with
the poster that that
will it affect you uh...
killing me if you become mayor
no one felt okay
and goodbye
and he actually still beat me to it
can't stand
for falling down
fm you you're on the air
and steven from boston
even from boston what can i do for you steven
uh... i uh... lost my cool work actually
I'm working in the office downtown and we went on my work, I'm a musician like lots
of other 20-something so I shared my music on my computer like for other bands to have
people in the office listen to and I'm just getting my work done and all of a sudden
I realized that over the loudspeaker in the office that like goes into all the offices
in all the rooms. My coworker has found like the one sub-directory of all of my
acoustic demos and is playing them throughout the entire office as loud as
he can. Uh-huh. Did he know what was your stuff? What's that? Did he know what was
your stuff? Yeah, oh he knew. And he was doing it to make fun of you? Yeah. Well
you have to like hook, you have to like put the, like the loudspeaker phone up
to the speaker of your computer to do it
it was totally intentional
sounds like a real jerk
he can be a little difficult
um... i don't think i don't think he knew that it was embarrassing i thought
he thought it was just kind of a
he couldn't do
so what did you do
uh... i unplugged the computer
and he lost about a day's worth of work
serves them right
well i mean i thought that i could be
You don't feel bad. No, you don't feel bad
for you
Fair enough. Oh good night
If I'm you you're on the air
Mike in Manhattan, what can I do for you tonight? I?
Got something for the topic this I got a here. Yeah, I lost my cool with a
Cellular service provider. Yes, and I've actually thought it was pretty ridiculous
It's actually pretty funny. I moved into a new building. I got no signal. Nothing. Not even a single bar
Yeah, and I had to go outside every time I needed to make a phone call, right? Yeah
So I called him up and I say, you know, hey listen
I move to a new building, you know, I really think I should be able to get out of my contract and they say oh no
We know we're looking at you know, we're looking at your building right now. You've got five bars. I say no
I'm talking outside, I can't make a single call, I can't receive a single call in my
building.
So they're like, well, you know, we'll send a van out in like a day or so, call back,
and this tech will measure the signal from outside your building, and we'll let you
know if, you know, there's a problem.
Like, all right, I'll call back in a couple of days, and I do, you know, did you guys
really send a tech out and say, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, we sent a, we sent a tech out,
you know.
He said he got five bars, you got a perfect signal, I said no, I don't, I'm calling you
from the lobby of my building, I got nothing, and they're like well, you know, and I start
getting mad, I'm like well you guys should let me have my contract, you know, this is
you know, this is getting pretty ridiculous, and they say well, you know, the five bars
that we advertise, that doesn't include, you know, the building, it only applies to
to outside the building
and i was like
so what are you saying are you saying that like i have to be like homeless
to get
the full uh... you know the
if i'm going to get the most out of my uh...
gotta move on
gotta move on sorry
we get it
if i'm you you're on the air
Hey, who's this a Ross from Detroit? How are you tonight a Ross?
Actually, I'm living in Chicago from Detroit the story on the topic takes place in Detroit
Yeah, good point in the chat
Beno. Yeah, how about a landline?
Line and I'm on a cell phone. I don't even have you how dare you
How about a landline?
Guys complaining I'm not being on a cell phone, landline costs nothing now, and it's what
we've been doing for the last 125 years, had landlines.
You know what I know and I apologize to these people right now, this is what James does
to me.
Every one of these guys sounds like James.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, what's going on Tom?
This guy doesn't sound like James, how are you?
I'm all right.
What's your name?
My name is Fred from Hoboken.
Which is zippin' Hoboken?
Uh, with your 7-0-8-3, I just moved out here.
Yeah, you're making it up.
Get off my phone.
Oh, the mic knows it.
0-7-0-3-0.
Best place to eat in Hoboken is...
Mike?
Yes, Benny Todino's.
any Tedinos. No, Maxwell's. Maxwell's. So I'm watching the
Today's show today.
Who do they have on the Today's Show?
Mary Lou Hennor.
I get this.
Mary Lou Hennor, eight books.
She was on promoting her eighth book.
She's got eight books out.
Mary Lou Hener, eight, Tom Zero.
And the scroll underneath the Mary Lou Hener
during the interview said life after taxi.
Life after taxi.
What did the taxi go up there in 1981?
She had done plenty of stuff.
apparently you've never heard of evening shade
and now they added to uh... to the today show
catholic gifford
why
i say why
more catholic gifford
you know what that means
less Natalie Morales.
Natalie Morales should be the host of that whole thing.
I'm in a bad mood.
FMU, you're on the air.
How you doing?
I'm doing great. Who's this?
My name's Ross.
What can I do for you, Ross?
During the pledge drive?
Yeah.
uh... i spoke to the person
who was you know answer the phone and uh...
and i asked them is there any way i can i can put my pledge
getting you off the air
because you're rude and it is annoying here let that last
comedy bit you did for
what would it twenty five minutes
was horrible
can you know i mean and then you're copying his bit on some other <E.D.> you
did some other day
And I specifically asked could I possibly please do put money towards getting off the air and he said well sure whatever
Here's what I want you to check. I put a note in it in the envelope
I'm still waiting for you guys to cast a damn check and see if it's gonna take you off the air by now
Here's what the hell is gonna happen. Plus. I think you dropped the F bomb about a couple of minutes ago
You just slightly flip it in there and you didn't you didn't you know one caught it
I think it flaps with the F bomb in there.
Here's what I want you to do, Ross.
What do you want me to do?
Because, you know, I'm really concerned
about what you want me to do.
Please tell me what you want me to do.
I want you to contact.
Please tell me what you want me to do.
I want you to contact the program director here at WFMU.
Okay.
His name is Ken.
Sure.
And please tell him that you want me off the air.
Ken who?
sken freedman
you can email him go to that we wish that the person that i spoke to
when i donated
two hundred freaking dollars
would have told me that information so i could have contacted the person
directly and put that on the damn note i made i'm telling you that i and that
and i put on the check
i'm telling people would
you know take care of that stuff ahead of time so i'm just there and do it and
call you up directly
i don't even like talking to you
and you hung up
yeah lost is cool
a loser
ross
you hear me ross
first of all ross
the show made ninety four grand
i'm a king here
but god
How dare you. I'm a giant. I'm the biggest thing since sliced bread around here.
You're going to come tell me to go away. How dare you.
Secondly, I didn't write, I say no bad words on the air.
I sit here for the whole show with my finger on this button.
You animal.
Thirdly, please.
Contact everybody. Tell them to get me off the air. Please do it. You'd be doing me a favor get me thrown off the air
Think I want to come here tonight you think I want to come here tonight
You don't think I'd rather go home
You don't think I'd go home read a nice comic book I
Gotta come here. I got to do this. It's not my choice anymore. I'm trapped
i'm trapped
the king
trapped in the velvet cage
fm you you're on the air
eight on this is ten call from strawsberg pennsylvania how are you
i'm all right uh... i just see my time's running and i want to get me off the
way about losing my cool i hope that guy gets me thrown off the air
get me removed
because you don't like me
Ross doesn't like Tom animals surrounded by animals surrounded by animals I'm
done I'm done I put a show together tonight this is an all-timer this is an
all-timer. Ross. Can I say to you Ross? Come down here. You want me off the air? We'll fight for it.
We'll fight. You beat me up. I'll never come back here again. But I'm telling you, if I win,
I'm going to murder you. I will take your life. You know why? Because your life essence will become
mine and I'll be two men, although in your case I'll be a man one and a quarter. You weird creep.
You know what I'll do? We'll fight right along the water, Jersey City. We'll fight the whole
length of the thing and I'm going to smash your head into the Colgate clock.
I'm going to take you, smash your head into the Colgate clock.
I'm going to put the Colgate clock, I'm going to stick it right through the minute hand.
And you're going to loop around all day long, up and down, up and down.
People from Manhattan will be watching you flailing around.
Yeah, like a shishkabob.
Come on down, Ross.
I'll punch in the nose.
But if you win the fight, I'm gone.
I'll never set foot in this building again.
Where are your Ross callback? I know you're listening. You're probably listening more
than anyone else. It probably gives Omar a run for his money in paying attention to
this show. Seriously, I'll fight you from the hotel all the
way down to the Colgate clock. And you know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna knock
your block, I'll chop your head off. Friday I'm gonna give it to Andy from
Knoxville. Have him take it down south.
Please get me thrown off the air here. I don't want to be here anymore. You don't
I don't think I want it to go home tonight I'm quitting I said I quit best
show's over forever oh it's not I hope this is him is that him
got a talk like that I'm here doing this show every week please be
you were please be him
is that him
is that him
fm you you're on the air
i hate how my name is uh... erl shandwick i'm actually ross's lawyer
represented for him and
these threats
yeah save your comedy routines ross
why don't you go cross town uh... running by scott shannon
whoever who's here rocky uh who does a show here see 100 who's even on the
morning there uh professor Jonathan B Bell go waste their time telling you
gonna fight this guy I'm gonna murder him anything you want I don't know I'm
I'm just, I'm in the middle of yelling.
But if he wins the fight, I'm gone forever.
I'll never come back here again.
WFMU East Orange WXHD Mount Hope, worldwide,
on the world wide web at wfmu.org.
This has been the best show on WFMU.
My name's Tom Sharpling. I will be back next Tuesday, unless Ross contacts me in the meantime and wins the fight.
Then I will never be back.
But I'm assuming I could take Ross.
Sounds like a typical telephone tough guy.
Doesn't back it up.
And please, Ross, contact Ken Friedman. Go to WFMU.org.
I'm sure you can find a contact him there. Tell him all about how I should be thrown off the air. I welcome it.
Everybody, stay tuned. Nickel and dime radio's coming up. Hosted by small change.
We'll see if he can continue his hot streak of perfect shows.
No, I'm saying we're going to see. We're all going to stay and listen. Keep listening.
like five minutes behind, you know, from last week.
What's that?
The KFJC thing.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
That's tricky.
I think we're still on delay.
Are we still on that station?
I think they're just hearing this now.
They're hearing last week's show now.
Stay tuned.
Small change in the Clinton radio, coming up.