F-Radio Show Ever.
Hey, who's this?
Aww.
Well, I am by the sale of Governor Valena.
Hi, it's, uh, Gerald Perlmutter.
Tom Sharpling, Governor of Party.
Hey, Tom, it's Purple Turf.
Hey, Tom. It's Mark Michaels.
This is Richard Cord, Mr. Card.
What's your name?
Baron.
Baron.
And what's inside the two?
I require.
Maurice Curtis.
Horror.
Hey Thomas Bruce, how are you?
Who's this?
Genji Vitis.
Genji Vitis.
Yes, they have Rick Filoni at the wall, I guess it's what?
I hate you.
It's Peter.
Hey, it's Steinberg.
Mm-hmm.
You are creepy and I'm hanging upon you.
Boing.
Roger Depp.
My name is Ollie Fairnock.
I'll say it.
You'll hear it.
You'll do it.
I'll get it.
You'll learn it.
I'll live with it.
And you'll die without it.
Smash your trash.
There it comes.
Good day.
What's up, Thomas?
It's Tristan.
Yeah, Tom. This is Jim Riffle. How you doing? When I get to do the toilet talk now, the vaudeville of the new century.
My name is Tom Riley. I'm calling from New Zealand. Hey, man, it's Brian.
Hey, don't stand with us. It's a tent pole. It's a tent pole show.
Hey, this is Tedlia. Whaaaaaat?
This is Pete from the Future. Hi, Tom. It's DJ Terry Chase.
Hey, from Knoxville. Super Kohler. It's Officer Tom. My name is Mike Zajak.
Get off my phone. I don't care.
And this is it, be panned, man.
I'm going to go to bed now, five minutes.
Hey, Tom, it's Gordon.
How are you?
I was in a band in the early 1990s, my name's Jerry Page.
Tom, my name is Jeffrey Ludell.
It's a fat, diseased, wilder, ragged, and that's his and his.
The disenfranchised have a home now.
I'm the hero of the disenfranchised, 1-800-989-9368,
1-800-989-9368.
Get those phones ringing now.
Now, it is time for you to call.
It is time for you to pledge.
It is time for you to go to your computer, W-F-M-U-D-O-R-G.
It is time for you to testify.
We're going to drive the evil fight for you.
We're going to drive the evil fight for you.
Yeah!
Oh, my God!
I think you know what I mean
Yeah!
J-W-K-A-C-A-S
If I could find the sacred groove, I could make your mind as good
We're held in love, without a ruler
Here's a half a fire and friends on the road
We're held in love, without a ruler
We're held in love with fire and friends on the road
We're held in love, with everyone
We're held in love, with everyone
You're all gone, Jen
But I need to take back some
But don't you put no flower in my gun
Just a lie
How do you feel?
Put your hands in through the air and make sure that all gets out of there
If you want to see the light, don't be rude, we're blind, high
In this image, we're dead, in this image, we're dead
In this image, we're dead, in this image, we're dead
Yeah!
Hell, that's a imp dodge!
Slightly, slightly sequels
And first anim dodge
That's aCraig
I heard the word the word died
and I ain't gonna be alive
yeah
I'm in love with everyone
I'm in love with everyone
But you'll be with me when the day starts
I'm in love with everyone
No one's calling, they say it on wine, I won, 800, 989, 9368, is it over yet?
Is it over?
You don't talk yet.
Is it over yet?
It's rhetorical.
Put you on Mike in the second edge, oh, this is a brother, that's a volcano suns testify.
start off the marathon with that every year. So this is the 2008 WFMU marathon we are here for
two weeks doing this trying to raise money to keep WFMU up and running for another year.
My name is Tom Sharpling, this is the best show on WFMU. We will be doing this for another
two hours
and fifty minutes
but i'm not doing it alone not doing it alone now
i have a fantastic uh... co-host tonight
a young man
by the name of hatch
who was uh... in here rock
to help out thank you hatch for coming down
can i hear you
yeah you are
thank you tom for having to come down all it's my pleasure
and uh... people can pledge to different ways there's uh... w f m u
You type it in, or you go to a call on your telephone, 800-989-9368.
Anybody pledge a $75 or more, they automatically get the premium for this show, which I'm going
to say, dare I say, the best premium that has been offered for any WFM you show ever
in the history of the station.
is that we did it again fun pack which uh... includes a t-shirt
a uh...
a sticker
a fantastic poster which is uh...
amazing it's a uh... it's like eighteen by twenty four in
full-color
it's going to be gorgeous
you can check that out uh...
over the w f m u uh... website it's up there you can take a look at it and
there's also going to be a c d thrown in
and exclusive e p
made by uh... mister pat nozwalt
it's a comedy city available only during the show
uh... it will be destroyed
upon uh... it's manufacturing
it will be gone erase from the planet
seventy-five dollar pledge or more get you all of those things automatically
and
we're going to give away prizes
during the show uh... random drawings and i want to start one of them off now
let's put something up uh... cd
by uh...
jr. retard blood visions
one of the best albums of uh... two thousand uh...
six that was one of my favorites
minimum pledge of ten dollars gets you in the running for that drawing
we're gonna thank people in a couple minutes
people doing the right thing they're calling eight hundred nine eight nine
three six eight
they're pledging on the computer w f m u dot o r g
it's all coming together
let's keep it going though people
Now is the time, we're going to hear Jay Retard after we hear this record from, what's that, that's right, the Abba Box is here, yes, see, the Abba Box, people don't think it's real, oh it's real, so we're going to hear something from the Abba Box, from the perfect album called Arrival.
It's a song very appropriate for the moment.
It's called...
Money.
Money.
Here on WFMU!
800-989-9368
In my dreams, I have a plan If I got me a wealthy man, I wouldn't have
I work at all, I put around them, have a born
Money, money, money
Must live, money
In the rich man's world
Money, money, money
Always sunny
In the rich man's world
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh-oh
All the things I could do
Feed my head a little more may
It's a rich man's world
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
It's a rich man's world
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
A man like Laddie's hard to find
But I do get enough of my mind
Ain't it sad?
And if it happens to be free, I bet you will move hands to me
That's too bad
So I must leave, I'll have to go
To Las Vegas or Monaco
And win a fortune in a game
My life will never be the same
Monday, Monday, Monday
Must be funny, in the rich man's world
Monday, Monday, Monday
Always sunny, in the rich man's world
Uh-huh
All the things I could do
If I had a little money, it's a rich man's world
It's a rich man's wealth It's a rich man's wealth
Eheheheh Heheh-ammed
Two w-
Well not two weren't we hi-dot
Are you not doing a regular call in show?
I'll give that number out
wreyn't got screening calls tonight
he's working in the phone room
800- countdown-9368-80098-9368
adia-ops-m-m-u-dot-o-r-g
That's where you pledge minimum pledge of ten dollars get you in the running for this hot hot CD
By mr. Jerry Todd blood visions get those phones ring at 800 989 9368
And this is the way it's meant to be, when I am so sure that life has lost its own end
And this is all I can see in your face, cause I'm looking at you
The way you're going, the way you're going through
The way you're going, the way you're going through
The way you're going through
The way you're going through
My shadow, my shadow, my shadow, my shadow
My shadow, my shadow, my shadow
I shadow, I shadow, I shadow
I shadow, I shadow
I shadow, I shadow
I shadow
I shadow
I don't feel too well
I don't feel too well
Don't you let it go
That's right 800-989-9368, 800-989-9368-WFMU.org.
This is the 2008 Marathon Best Show on the Air for another week trying to raise money
to keep things going, to keep WFMU solvent for yet another year.
awesome radio station ever yes yes
and i'm joined by my friend hatch who was down here uh...
to uh... help me
uh... with this uh... uh... uh... uh... dramatic uh... mission that is in front of
us you need a lot of help to tom
i am
uh...
so my
you are yes so we are seventeen minutes into the program do we have anyone to
thank
we have uh... a lot more than anyone let me uh... let me start you just tell me
to stop okay alright no one from clinton dale says uh... he you can't top the
best show can stop the best of its pledge and uh... dr ninja of retard
riot radio thank you
uh... esterios from l a supports the podcast
thank you
christopher from atelborough massachusetts as tom may not love boston but
boston loves tom best for life i love boston i just don't love any of your
sports teams
or your horrible work highways
andrew from new york
no comment
thank you andrew
nice and simple nate from uh... st paul minnesota says tom rules on thank
you nate
uh... jenn for providence road island checking in erin from richmond
virginia
ryan from bray california thank you or maybe that's a lot breia
not sure james from clarkson uh... clarkston washington thank you james
julie from since nadi ohio julie
she's trouble she gives mica hard time every week but you know what you have
just shown that you're all right
we've got
think the computer may be spitting out duplicate pledge cards
but uh... i'm not sure about that and from since an adio hio
pledging at the uh... premium level he's a podcast listener thank you then
uh... michael from vancouver bc checking in also with a premium level pledge
garret from hand <E.D.> michigan
got into the best show in flux blog posted the team on triple column that's
That's right.
Thank you to him and thank you to Matthew from flux blog for doing that.
Where's Matthew?
I don't see him tonight.
He's around.
Lee from Nashville, checking in with a premium sized pledge, says people in my office
stared me because I laugh out loud at the podcast.
You're the normal one.
You're normal.
They're weird.
John from Seattle, premium level pledge says there will be gomps.
Thank you, John.
Andrew from Philadelphia.
boy Andrew from the guy who complained Sunday about the podcast he did okay he
complained he's like we're here for the podcast and then I yelled at him and then
he pledged but where it's okay now it's okay no smoke and Joe checking in at
what we're calling the eye donor pledge level this year thank you no smoke and
Joe get in the where's the beat live in WFMU studios double CD sets Wow great
move Taylor from Norman Oklahoma says Norman and James Garner statue support
the best show podcast thank you
i appreciate that we've got andrew from edger's pennsylvania checking in in
the running for the jerry tod cd
abra
abraham from cambridge massachusetts
and abraham's an oracle he's the guy who uh... had the running with richard
kind and was all mad uh... but he's out here you're okay everybody if you
pledge
he loves the best show that much
thank you
abraham
we got benedict from toronto canada
podcast supporters as the slogan for the year should be go forward
i'll go forward that's pretty good
uh... direct from detroit michigan
checking in with premium level put up pledge matt from telehasi florida
thank you direct thank you matt
w f m u is awesome and
he owes the dis his discovery of its existence in the podcast all c
the shows turning into a gateway program
exposing people to all the wonders of w f m u has uh... uh... to uh... show you
as you get more involved
john from bolder coloretto his second pledge tom is just that good thank you
john
courtney from lincoln Nebraska check in with a mouse pledge
wow
co-mouse pledge that's uh... we'll talk about the different premiums the different
levels of prizes
thank you for that courtney
jeff from waterloo ontario
jeff thank you another podcast fan canada coming through
we've got uh... dave from toronto checking in
and other mouse pledge
holy moly another mouth thank you dave c says we did it again
that's right and that's what we're giving out seventy five dollar pledge or more
you get the we did it again fun pack
t-shirt sticker poster
patina as well d s c d e p
uh... cliff from broadview heights ohio best show for life
thank you clif
andy from los angeles california
don't want the generous pledge and uh... steven
from halifax no scotia thank you andy and thank you steven
that's a lot of people
there's more to it but i have not processed them that that's a good start
but why don't we give away the jr tart cd and then we will just keep
moving forward
jr tart cd goes to lee from nashville
lee from nashville congratulations you're the winner of an awesome cd
next prize goes up on the uh...
the prize cozy
it is going to be an album
a cd by the band the leather uppers called
bright lights hot stuff on the goner record label
minimum pledge of ten dollars gets everybody in the running for that
and just so you know pledge of ten says seventy five dollars more automatically
get you to we did it again fun pack
is it is the best premium that you will ever get
poster
the mason poster you can check it out over w f m u dot org
a t-shirt
super fantastic t-shirt
a sticker
so cool designed by uh... kick the bobo
Great, it's great, it's a fist punching in the face.
So it's sharp, it's as Tom versus everyone.
Which is how it is, that's how it is.
Tom versus everyone, I'm all alone!
800-989-9368, show me that I'm not all alone.
Please help me, WFMU.org.
I'm down here doing the best show every week.
I'm going in pocket on this stuff.
I'm going in pocket on this poster.
You get a Pat Naswell DP,
this guy's gonna smash the master of it as soon as the uh... as soon as the
marathons over
you don't get it again
it's gone once this uh... marathons over
but a seventy five dollar pledge or more automatically guarantees you that
hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight
let's get one more phone that we get to the leather uppers we get to check out
some uh... hot rock music minimum pledge of ten dollars or more get you in the
running for that
eight hundred
nine eight nine
nine three six eight
let's check out uh... the next prize it's up on the uh... cozy it is
the album
bright lights by the leather uppers
wizards
castle
W-I-C-A-R-G was his castle
I don't wanna let go
Take me to the window castle
I don't wanna let go
Take me to the window castle
W-I-C-A-R-G was his castle
I don't wanna let go
Take me to the window castle
Hey, buddy, it's all right.
Oh, we're rockin' a roll.
D, the dungeon on the Saturday night.
D, the dungeon on the Saturday night.
W-I-C-A-R-D with its castle
W-I-C-A-R-D with its castle
Yes, yes, yes, yes!
Yes!
Yes!
I was going to give the old number out again.
Not taking regular calls tonight.
Yes!
Yes!
I was going to give the old number out again.
Not taking regular calls tonight
It's not a it's not the regular best show. This is the marathon best show
The numbers 800 9 8 9 9 3 6 8 800 9 8 9 WFM you you pick the phone up
You call you show your support you pledge to WFM you you do what you're supposed to do
You enjoy the show for 50 weeks a year and now it's 50 weeks of fun two weeks of fundraising
or you pledge it W F M U dot O R G if you're on the computer minimum pledge of ten dollars
or more gets you in the running for that album we just heard bright lights by the leather
uppers so generously given to us by the goner record label the CD good stuff pledges a seventy
five dollars or more get you the best show we did it again fun pack which is a t-shirt
A sticker, a teacher sticker, a poster,
and a Pat Naswalt EP that is exclusive to this program.
Who would call me now?
Who would call me?
Goodness gracious.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, nice to be here, I'm in.
Oh, I think you might want to call,
where do you want to call?
The office?
This is the freeform show.
You might want to call them in the morning.
Okay, thank you.
Thank you.
Bye.
Sorry.
Oh, fun times.
Be more fun if the phone's rang.
Right now there's no one on the phone.
There's no one.
Zero phones are active.
Zero.
I gotta get one phone ringing.
800-98-99-368.
You call, you're gonna talk to Mike.
Mike's ready, associate producer.
This is your chance.
This is your chance.
This guy's giving you grief all year.
Doesn't think your calls are good enough.
Here's your chance now.
You show them by paying, by giving my life actually.
That's not showing them very well.
You're actually pledging.
Next call talks to Terry T.
WFMU's own Terry T.
Host of the Cherry Blossom Clinic.
Heard every Saturday.
The true best show in WFMU, that's right.
Next call talks to, I can't see who that is,
a person of mystery with their back, there you go.
next call talks to a lady
you're lonely and you want to talk to a lady
eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight come on dudes
first chance to talk to a lady without uh...
but having to run by your parole officer
eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight
or w f m u dot o r g
the show
we're keeping it going and i got my buddy
in the phone room how are things going in the phone room hatch
They're pretty slow, like you said.
I think at this pace, the Scratchy Record program
is gonna raise more than you.
Oh, no. Oh, no.
Dear God, no.
Look, that guy's a nice guy.
Yeah, nice guy.
Scratchy Records.
Very good.
You know what I do like about his show, honestly?
I like the old-timey comedy that he plays sometimes.
Ever here, once in a while, it'd be like some comedy.
And you can't understand that that was funny
hundred years ago that's what this show is going to be like a hundred years
from now there's gonna be some weird mp3 show that's injected into your brain
and then people are going to go wait people like that a hundred years ago but
you know what yes they do like it eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six
eight you like it and you're gonna call and save it you like it by pledging right
now eight hundred nine nine nine three six eight I will ring every dollar out
of everyone listening. You will not pay your rent. You will pay WFMU. Minimum
pledge of $10 mortgage in the running for the leather upper CD which is up on
the prize cozy right now. Should we thank some people and then get to it?
Let's do it. We got Brendan from New York checking in with a very very generous
50th anniversary pledge for us. He says he loves the best show. Thank you Brendan.
Matt from Vancouver with a premium-sized ledge best-show faux-life Canada coming through can is coming through a lot more than Brooklyn
Brooklyn's letting me down
Yeah, it's a sad. It's really sad. I assume you live in Brooklyn hatch. Am I wrong? No, you're right
Right not no offense. I took a stab in the dark. I don't know what because your guess because you're young
Was it my tight jeans as you're young and you're cool, and it's the fact you offered me Coke in the bathroom
That actually was a tip off.
We got James in Lexington.
I love WFMU and yes Tom this is the best show in WFMU.
Thank you James.
Omar from Marietta, Georgia with a very generous eye donor level play.
You know that is.
Omar.
Omar.
That's the Recapper.
That's the guy.
He keeps this show on target.
You want to read a recap?
Omar does it.
He spends all week.
It's like he's writing a book about this show.
Beautiful prose in his comments.
Most radio hosts with it like the leaves in autumn, the Tom Sharpling is in evergreen bringing it every Tuesday night and draining the competition.
Oh Omar, you are a poet. You are a poet Omar. Omar drinks your milkshake.
Matthew from Greenpoint, on the scale of places to live in Brooklyn, I think below the area that I live in, Tom.
Thank you Matthew.
We've got Brendan from Massachusetts, Lynn, Massachusetts, in fact, says Vote Danzig.
I love it. That's Danzig is running for the mayor of Newbridge.
We'll see what happens with that. Thank you for that pledge.
Eric from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Tom, your show is helping me get through the hell of finishing my first graphic novel,
so it's an honor to give this pittance to keep you going.
Thank you, Eric.
Pete from Chicago with a mouse pledge.
Full mouse pledge. That's Eric for Pete.
Right, we clap for mouse pledges.
We don't take them for granted.
People call 800-9-899-3-6-8 or Pledge of W-F-M-U-D-O-R-G.
We show them respect.
Did he have anything to say?
No.
Alright, fair enough.
Jeffrey from Astoria, Tom is the best.
Thank you, Jeffrey.
Mason from Ottawa, California.
Or is that Ottawa, Canada?
That's probably Ottawa, Canada.
I think Ottawa is in Canada.
i think that i think there may be a uh... auto a california as well but you
you're probably right
thank you mason
uh... mason says he has the flu but he rolls out of bed to pledge for you
want to know what mason
your top-notch
your canadian
his canadian's come through they step up and do the right thing they're not
afraid
nathan from l a loves the best show
nathan thank you
tom from austin texas uh... phantom
hugger from the board
yes all that's from the a s t board phantom hugger
thank you for your pledge and i'm sure uh...
maybe go over harry knolls's house get him to uh... pledge
go up his uh... his uh... access walk
that you know he's got on the outside of his place
uh... go uh... you do your heart you hardwire is uh... his rascal
you get them on and you tell me won't stop until the control of the remote
control
start spinning all around the parking lot
until he pledges the w f m u
we got forests from new york city who left his heart in new jersey thank you
farce you're a good guy i know farce
Ryan from Nevada, California.
Thank you, Ryan.
Definitely California that time, Canada.
Tate from Canahoe, Hawaii.
Hawaii coming through.
Thank you, Hawaii.
Andrew from Kansas City loves the best show.
And I love Andrew from Kansas City.
Mason from Buffalo.
I like Buffalo, and I like Mason.
And Mason likes the best show.
Mason likes WFMU.
Mason called 8998968 or pledge at WFMU.org.
mason did the right thing you join them
we got susana from sanamonica says hi to rez
and she's nice
uh... chris from brooklyn brooklyn is is uh... is answering the call
thank you chris what part of brooklyn does uh... chris live in cocaine heights
yeah exactly my mood from uh... the cargo kickball gardens
i can tell from the address but in my i think it's kind of on the uh... border
Are you in that duck duck goose league in McCarran Park?
No.
No.
No, but I might join.
You should join.
It's a lot of fun.
My mood from Chicago.
My mood.
He's a very powerful person in the music industry and in industry where the Titans are falling
like dominoes.
This guy still stands tall.
Thank you, my mood.
Adam and Lindsey checking in from Halifax, Nova Scotia from dedicated Paul F.
Tonkin spans.
Yes.
Paul F.
And you know what Canada comes through Canada likes the best show and they put their money where their mouth is
We got Matthew from East Orange says what no magma no magma. What's that mean? I don't know that might be for you
You like to play more likely for Brian Turner now, but you like to play those
Records right yeah the records the vinyl LPs now you know like the magma stuff like the
spark up a little bit of
You know God's green herb sit back
No comment Courtney from Lincoln, Nebraska. Thank you, Courtney
Jake from Tennessee says hello to me
For some reason he says he looks forward to your show and the wire every week, but the wires going off the air and your show
Goes on I'm still here. The wire is gonna be gone soon
The wire is gonna be ancient history. Best show will still keep going. I'm not like that
You know what? You listen to the best show. Don't worry. I'll start going after certain topics.
What's he gonna go after next? School system? Is he gonna go after the press? Is he gonna go
after the election? What's the best show gonna go after next? You know what we're gonna go after?
You'll find out if you pledge 800-989-9368 or WFMU.org to keep WFMU going. You will find
out what the best show has in store for you down the road. Lori from Miami checks in? Yes. Lori
from Miami hope you're not suffering through that power outage down there
please be safe you're awesome can't top the best show she says you can't thank
you Laurie Jake from Frasier Colorado Colorado love it thanks Jake Chad from
Highland Utah says go easy on the Baltimore Celtics good guys win Boston
Celtics you know what got a win so let me see them win something first it's
February let me see them do something February I don't trust it yet thank you
for that pledge. We've got Kevin from El Dorado Hills, California, checking in.
Thank you, Kevin. Kyle from Portland, Oregon to support the podcast. That's right.
Gives us a generous pledge. Thanks, Kyle. Jason from Durham, North Carolina.
Buff coat on the message board says bring back Hot Rock and Ronnie in 2008.
Thank you, Jason. That is awesome and I appreciate it. Patrick from Portland, Maine
supports the podcast, The Wire, and The Best Show. You know what? You can support all three.
Uh, Jesse from Los Angeles says keep up the good work.
Thank you.
Is that Jesse T?
It is Jesse T.
Jesse T is a good guy.
He won worst caller of 2007.
But you know what?
He's got enough dignity to step up and do the right thing.
He knows where he knows where his bread's buttered when he wants entertainment.
He knows best show delivers when everybody else drops the ball.
He knows best shows number one.
He called eight hundred nine eight nine three six eight or pledge to WFMU.org.
He did the right thing.
join them
uh... jay from alpine texas says uh...
he and i suppose his friends are the only listeners in western texas
thank you j
then for maddison wisconsin checks in
thanks ben
uh... dug says keep on chuglin
all right dug we will
dug go ahead
no doubt from wilmington delaware thank you dug delaware checking in when we
appreciate we will keep on chuglin
jeremy
from the kipsey
and uh... all
jerry
he says
he's seven second delay
i guess
he's a james
he said you got james
that's it's james
you know what
this is this is a lesson that james is maybe
i just did these uh... these these uh...
friends of tom uh... sticker mailing for people everywhere you know you can
go to friends tom dot com you're right and i send you a couple stickers
automatically free
I didn't see anybody helping me out that 82 bucks at the post office I dropped on stamps.
I didn't come stationed in pets out of my pocket.
I thought if I don't care though, I'm offering that, I'm not complaining.
But I'm just saying, I did that, meld the stickers out.
People fill the form out.
They say what they like about the show and what they don't like about the show.
I'm telling you, if this guy was running for like the anti-president James,
it was like what I don't like, James.
It was like every fourth one didn't like James, but how does this feel?
This guy James steps up.
He does the right thing.
And you're sitting there at home listening to this show, not doing the right thing.
That's sickening.
You're going to get shown up by James.
You know what?
If you didn't pledge, then you know what?
You got James.
Sir, you, madam, got James, eight hundred, nine, eight, nine, three, six, eight, W, F,
m u dot o r g the best show two thousand eight marathon we are trying hard to keep
raising money here to keep w f m u up and running for another year we're doing what we
can but we're listeners sponsored we don't take the corporate grants it's not like we
got some guy coming in here from pillsbury telling me what to do like uh...
hey i know you like to have the funny calls i maybe won't have a pop and fresh call in
one of these times. Wouldn't that be fun? You do a thing Poppin' Fresh calls up,
talks about the new cinnamon rolls. You do a whole thing with Poppin' Fresh,
you have fun, you talk about how tasty you thought they were, then your only
problem is you couldn't stop eating them. No, we don't do that. I've got Poppin'
Fresh down here. 800, 989, 9368. This ship sells solo. This best show ship,
this WFMU ship, we are solo. We don't have some corporate logos hanging off
the side
the only way to keep it selling those for you to call and pledge
eight hundred nine nine three six eight
w f m u dot o r g
it's your turn people
you keep the machine going eight hundred nine nine nine three six eight
let's take a couple more people give away that leather uppers uh...
cd
all right all right we got eric from brooklyn
supporting the uh... podcast
as he says he's uh... he's in support of tom versus everyone and who was that
eric from brooklyn thank you eric
uh... we've also got chris from king of pressure pennsylvania who loves you
who thank you chris
uh... alix from middle berry canada get supports the podcast in hopes
fed armus and appears again
i'm sure he will
thank you for that
it was great fed armus and came down here
did this whole thing the whole uh... yans hanaman thing
which is part of our grand prize which we'll talk about in a matter of moments
by the way
brigham from provo
utah
all right seventy
Yeah, loves the best show.
Thank you.
Thank you, Brigham.
JP from Concord, California.
Nice.
Thanks, Tom, for giving me four and a half
glorious years of joy.
Thank you, JP.
Ryan from Philadelphia says thank you, Tom.
Thanks, Ryan.
Aaron from Toronto, Ontario says he loves the podcast,
and Tom, and all of Canada loves you.
And thank you, Aaron.
Dan from Merritt and Connecticut says you're the champ.
Thanks, Dan.
You know, Hatch, can you hold out one second here?
What? No? Okay, I thought somebody... Oh, let me just say, I think something's going on here.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey man, it's Bryce.
What's that?
It's Bryce, man!
Bryce!
Yeah.
I mean, not Bryce, Bryce.
The Bryce, yeah man, that's all we want to meet.
Oh, the Grateful Dead fan.
I'm so much more than that, man.
You you price we have not spoken in a while. You've gone through some changes
Yeah, yeah, but then I changed back
Because you had kind of lost your whole I
Guess like your stoner feel that you had
My true my true my true inner being yeah, I guess I lost that for a while. Mm-hmm. Yeah
What do you got it sounds like you're back to your old self. Yeah, you know what brought it back. What's that?
Yeah.
Oh, there.
There's a shot.
Yeah.
I didn't see that coming.
Get up in your little co-co-in pledge drive, is that right?
That is right.
We're trying to raise money to keep WFMU going for another year.
How much you raise so far like seven dollars?
We're doing a little better than seven dollars.
So when we can use nine, now more than nine dollars.
Are you in triple digits yet?
Yes.
We have broken the triple digit mark.
Oh, that's righteous, man. You know you should do to celebrate. What's that cue up some bush doctor?
Boy what a bush doctor. What is that? That's Peter Tosh, man?
Peter Tosh
That's an album of his called bush doctor. Oh
Okay, I'll take your word for it. I'm not a huge not a huge Peter Tosh fan
wait what why not man let's play play some other reggae so you're it sounds
like you're well like what what what other reggae would you want to hear
Bryce I don't know how about a lucky dude lucky dude who's that by you know
lucky dude I don't know what that is oh man Google him Google lucky dude right
now? Yeah right now. Guess what happened to my lean two last night? What? I knocked it
over. You knocked your lean two over the one behind the lady footlocker? Oh you
know why I knocked it over? Why? Guess. What does it have to do with you being
high. Well, I was mad because I couldn't get hot. Okay. Why? So you went into some sort
of rage? Yeah. It was kind of a reggae rage. A reggae rage? Yeah. I didn't think reggae
made people really aggressive. Well, I was so mad and I had my hot pot on and I got so
I just thought flailing about I was stealing pretty irie. Yeah. Yeah, but then I got
And then I just got mad and I just start throwing stuff and then my lean to got crushed
Uh-huh your lean to got crushed the way when you were in a reggae rage. Yeah
Somebody should put an album out called reggae rage
Yeah, I don't think that's what a lot of people look for when they turn to
When they when they when you know the appeal of reggae is not to get all worked up and angry
You know I'll bet it's Randall Savage the wrestler
Yeah, if he ever did a reggae album, it would be called reggae rage ran
Who is Randall Savage Randall Savage the wrestler
Randy Savage Randall. Oh, his name's Randall. Yes. No, it's Randy Savage. You mean the macho man Randy Savage
So man Randall Savage, he's taking it up a notch in the class department.
Oh, so he's kind of looking to get a little bit of respect?
Oh, he's got it.
You know what he wrestles in now instead of just regular tights?
What?
He has a cumber bun.
He wrestles, and so does he wrestle in the tights, a cumber bun in addition to the tights?
And he wears what I also wear every day.
What's that?
One of them tucks in no t-shirts.
Wow, that is classy.
Yeah. Hey, you know what you should do to get extra pledge money?
What's that?
You should have a thing where people call in
and the more that they donate,
the more crippler hits I take.
The more they donate,
the more crippler hits. So you'll hit your bong more.
If more people call.
Let's try it right now, okay?
You actually want to try this? Should I?
Should I? Hold on. I got to go to the phone room and ask.
do you think that this is responsible radio if i try to turn it over to see
how many
brice
you know brice hatch
yes he said he will take
crippler hits from his
bond depending on how many people call so we have
no phone lines lit up right now
what if we get
uh...
i think i'll call it when they find out what uh... what implement i'm using
what are you using
i'm using my drum slash
bomb your drum slash space bomb got a little drum on it and it's also got these
wind shots your bomb has wind chimes on it you know I say you'll do if we get
let's get three phones ringing and see and then you can take a hit at eight on
one now just like a hand no no does no no just wait just wait save it 800
eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight i know you need it
eight hundred nine eight nine three six eight three phones
and then brice is going to take a uh... crip uh... was it again
a cripler hit from his space from his drum space bong
eight hundred nine eight nine three six eight if people want to hear that
let's see
i don't think anybody wants it no one's calling right okay
people there's there's there's two lines okay one more people okay there okay
there it is you can do it yeah
Oh, I'm flying now, Tom.
Great.
You've got to queue up something for me.
What do you want to hear?
I want to hear something from Dick's Pick's Volume 3.
Something from Dick's Pick's Volume 3.
Yeah.
What is that?
I can't even remember what all of it is this point.
I'm so ripped.
Hey, Mike.
Can Mike hear me?
No?
Mike can't hear me, right?
Your call's clear.
What's his name, Troy?
No, his name's Mike. He's on the phone. Okay. Okay. Okay. He will we'll see if Mike can run down and get a dicks
Picks volume three from the library
Okay, three more phone lines and then Bryce will do another
Crippler hit eight everybody eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six a let's get
Three more pledges. Okay. There's one
He can still remember his name
yeah three more pledges and then Bryce hits it it's it's great stuff you know
who gluesaulted to me before he left town who urner urner yeah so you know
it's good yeah it's probably yeah it's okay we have one line lit we need two
more and then Bryce does a crippler hit from his drum space bong you're gonna
love this stuff okay yeah i i sent you some of the mail no don't don't send
first of all i'm not a uh i'm not a pot smoker so please i said to you that i said i didn't care
of the station and i also found out where you live no don't send it there too what are you doing
i already did it don't that's horrible and you're going to do it too i'm gonna do what
Can I do it now? Can I do it?
Um one, two, three, yes you can.
Yes sir.
Hahaha.
Yay.
Yay.
is not so happening you know why why I got mad the other night I was in a
kind of a reggae rage yeah it was kind of the first reggae rage of the week I
usually have like eight of them okay wow and I threw it you threw your drum
space bong across the lean to I did yeah yeah oh man well I can't wait for you
to try this though. Well I'm not going to. Yes you are. You know why? Why? Because it's
coming to your house and the station. No it's not. I'm going to refuse it and I hope
you get arrested for sending it. It already got signed for. It's no one signed for it.
Yes, someone means to res. To res? Sign for it. Oh my goodness. I didn't know that.
Yes, well, that's that's a whole other ball of wax tres is in the phone room right now
Did you did you sign for a package? She said yes, she did sign for it. Oh, man?
I guess you'll I'll see you both in the hood. Okay. I'm not going to the hut
How much you how many put how much money you got now like a million dollars? No, we don't have a million dollars
Wait, what? Why not? I was on the show.
Oh, so you went from, you think that it should have gone from seven dollars to a million dollars as soon as you talk for five minutes.
I'm a star. You know that?
I don't know that. You're definitely not a star.
Everybody knows I'm a star, man.
Oh, oh, Bryce.
Yeah. You know what I'm a star at?
What?
Smoking crippler.
Yeah.
No, I'm not going to smoke up or out for you.
Oh man, you stink.
I want all those people to call back and take their money back.
No, they're not going to take their money back.
Hey everybody, call back and get your money back because you almost smoke out with me.
No, they're not going to do that.
They're going to do you know why why because I'm like a god to your listeners
You're like a god to the listeners. I
Want to amend that I want to scratch the word like okay, so you are a god to the listeners. You are not
No, you're you're delusional is what I'll say I want cold-screener Kenny to say it too Mike
He wants you to say that do you think Bryce is a god to the listeners?
He said far from it
What are you putting on right now?
His name is Mike, not Troy or Kenny.
Put him on.
No, he's working the phones.
He's afraid of me.
He probably is, yes.
I know, you know why, because I can smoke better than him.
Wow, that's...
I could probably smoke better than anyone in that room right now.
What do you got? Like three people in there maning those phones?
No, we've got a good crowd in there working the phones.
Like how many?
Um, I don't know, ten.
I should send them all some weed too.
No, don't.
Don't send any.
I already did.
You didn't even know who they are.
Alright, man.
Alright, thanks, Bryce.
Wait, who's this?
It's Tom.
What?
It's Tom.
You called by the radio show.
Oh, the radio?
What?
I'm hearing voices now well yeah of course you're hearing you're hearing my
voice wait who's what oh man okay goodbye Bryce that was making me feel
really weird now goodbye I don't like it oh oh oh man I don't know how's it
wear off that quickly
that's horrible
that guy
you think that a guy who was trying to with you uh...
smoking a lot of pot and is into it to redgate
he sounds so violent
he's talking about reggae rages
Oh, what are we gonna do?
You know what we're gonna do?
We're gonna call 800-989-9368,
or pledge online at wfmu.org.
We are going to step up.
We are going to support WFMU here in our 2008 marathon.
We are going to do the right thing.
We are going to pledge $75 to more
and automatically get the best show.
We did it again, fun pack.
We are going to keep WFMU on the air
for another year, right?
Right.
Woo!
Do we have, let's thank some people, Hatch.
and then we will but can we give away the leather uppers and we'll put this
next batch of people in the running for the next prize absolutely let's do that
terez is picking a name
and it is uh... my mood
here you go to cargo about that
random as can be
witnessed by the entire phone room
we keep it honest here
w f m u
the next prize on the block that's right
The new pornographers have an album called Challengers.
It was one of the hottest albums of 2007.
People love this album and now a pledge of ten dollars or more automatically gets you
in the running for that album.
800, 989, 936, we are one hour here into WFMU 2008, Best Show Marathon, WFMU East Orange,
We've had some good phone action for the first hour, thank you very much everybody who stepped up and did the right thing. I'm feeling a little coming and I'm not going to stand for it.
But let's thank some people we'll cross that bridge when we get to it.
Alright, let's thank Sunny from Jersey City who says you rock.
Thank you.
thing. I'm feeling a little low coming and I'm not gonna stand for it. But let's
thank some people we'll worry about. We'll cross that bridge when we get to it.
All right let's thank Sonny from Jersey City who says you rock. Thanks Sonny.
We've also got David from Madison Wisconsin. All right David. Ignore
function on the chat. Yes thank you David. Get your premium. Michael from Long Beach
supports the podcast also getting your premium. Thanks Michael. Paul from
Nashville a law student from Nashville with rich people problems he loves the
best show oh that guy that guy was one of the the gomps of the year Paul from
Nashville he was a guy who called wondering where he was going to go when
he graduated from law school him and his girlfriend were arguing about it and he
got a gom we've also got Tim from Ellensburg Washington says the best show rocks
Oh, thank you, Tim. Tim's a good guy. Joe and Aaron from Jersey City
Supporting the podcast what one man can do another can do unless that one man is Tom Sharpe Lane
Thank you. I appreciate it. Who is that Aaron and Aaron and Joe from Jersey City. Thank you Aaron and Joe. I appreciate it
We got Sam from Hudson, New York who says you're very attractive and
Sam's Sam got a start on the show and he's also my brother's former boss. Wow. How about that? Thank you Sam
And he's very attractive too, isn't he?
Brian from Chicago is keeping the dream alive.
All right, Brian, doing the right thing.
John from Waco, Texas.
Working on selling the Waco in Waco CD and giving you a mouse pledge.
Well, first of all, it's a seven-inch I record.
It's called the Waco from Waco.
I recorded it back when that guy was doing that thing.
I have 35,000 copies of them.
I actually recorded it six months after that whole Waco thing.
whole Waco thing played out. It was a little, I didn't realize it was going to be as timely
as it was. But he's going to help me sell these singles, the Waco from Waco.
We got Daniel from Whitesboro. Thank you.
We got Andy from Bowling Green, Ohio.
Andy, thank you.
Taco Smith from AST.
Yes, thank you Taco Smith and thank you AST.
The special thing message board coming through.
His pledge goes out to Macho Man Randall Savage.
Well, thank you for pledging an honor of Macho Man Randall Savage.
Leah from Chandler checks in with the Y3K pledge.
Clint from Jersey City.
Thank you Clint and thank everybody can go to WFMU.org and check out all the different
prize increments.
They're all there for you to pick which one suits your situation best.
Clint is a mouse pleasure and wanted to tell Bryce to puff puff.
Thank you Clint.
Too late for that.
Yes, well he did.
Great thing.
Somebody you know Josh from Brooklyn says not all Brooklynites snored coke and played kickball.
Josh from Brooklyn.
I'll give you a hint. His wife is in this room.
Oh, okay. Yeah, yeah.
Volunteering.
Yes. Where is she?
He also says Peter...
And there she is. Way in the back.
Peter Tosh was pretty good, he says.
I got no beef with Peter Tosh.
It's just not going to play it during this show. Thank you, Josh.
Garrett from Annapolis, Maryland.
Wouldn't work at a public library if he couldn't listen to the Best Show podcast.
Thank you, Garrett.
generous pledge from him, Bryson from Kingston, Canada.
All right.
Chex Inn.
We've got Mark from St. Louis Park.
Mark, thank you, Mark.
Maggie and I listen to the best show in our kitchen,
making dinner every Tuesday night.
There you go.
I love it.
And Patrick from Westfield, New Jersey.
Westfield coming through is that 07090.
Indeed.
Yeah!
kevin from wilmington north carolina
thank you kevin
we got mike from your reka california supports the uh... the best show in
the podcast thanks mike
michael from uh... brooklyn
checking in in your premium thanks mike uh... you're gonna love it
berry from lancing supports the podcast
eric from statin islands as he'll see you on highland boulevard that's right
highland boulevard after the show i'm gonna go over the highland boulevard uh...
maybe go uh...
to do those get some ice cream uh... get some jim hanley check out see you
wednesday's new comic book that
do what else i got in
jeff from springfield missouri says thanks for making tuesday nights the
best night of the week on thank you jeff
peter from june oleska says thanks for the stickers
or you're welcome peter
carl and leah from brooklyn love the show
thank you carl and leah
uh... craymedog
yes from new york
cream dog i believe
was a guy who was uh... had a mission at one point where he was
going through my fate of my my my space account
and hunting down anyone who had fight club listed in a favorite movies
and i was deleting them as friends
did the second rescinded in the zodiac
yes so welcome you know what
zodiac was so awesome i will temporarily suspend
my uh... fight club uh... opinion my opinion of fight club is on ice
Cramdog has a question for you, wants to know your picks for NBA East and West.
And you'd hate pledge it enough for you to answer this question.
East, it's going to be the Pistons are coming out of the East.
West, it's going to be Pistons Lakers.
There you go.
All right, we got Eban from Providence, Rhode Island.
Thank you.
Providence is coming through, the angriest city in America.
with a mouse pledge and uh... says
i gave blood today but giving to w f m u is even more rewarding thank you
mouse but
but
but thank you even
uh... steward from fresh water new south wales australia
australia other side the planet
thanks you for the podcast all thank you steward
tim from seattle
good guy doesn't have any comments uh... matt from fayette bill arkansas
All right, thanks, Matt.
Says discovering WFME is the best thing to ever happen to me.
I appreciate that, and I appreciate your pledge.
Harold from Jackson Heights checks in.
Harold from the Boulevard Tavern in Greenpoint
with a mass pledge.
All right, full map, thank you.
Thank you, was that Harold?
Harold.
And what was the name of the bar?
Boulevard Tavern.
Thank you, the Boulevard Tavern is all right in my book.
We've got Laura from Ottawa, loves the show.
Thank you, Laura.
Evan from Philly, in honor of Doug from Delaware.
There you go.
Thank you, Evan.
And thank you, Doug, for inspiring Evan.
Justin from Staten Island.
Chexin, getting your premium.
All right.
Thank you.
Brian from Middletown, New York.
Loves call Scrinner Mike.
Who doesn't?
I don't.
You don't?
No, that's not true, actually.
Everybody loves Mike.
Jared from Durham, North Carolina.
Chexin, generous pledge.
Jeff from Brooklyn.
Jeff from Brooklyn.
Thank you so much, buddy.
Looks like Brooklyn, that's all I'm going to say.
Peter from Manhasset, New York.
Who's got the sloppy handwriting in there?
Who was that?
Tighten it up.
Tighten it up.
From the tight ship in here.
You got sloppy handwriting.
I want to know who it was.
Jeffrey from Chicago checks in, getting your premium,
and putting in a little bit extra.
Thank you, Jeffrey.
You're going to love it.
Peter from Victoria, Australia, says,
Thank you for the mirth and mayhem Australia coming through Australia supports Gene Simmons for mayor in a way
I guess that's mayor of Australia. I think well. He's running for mayor of Newbridge also
So we have two rock stars running a Gene Simmons and Glenn Danzig are running for mayor of Newbridge and Mike Mike's a candidate also
That's weird
We've got Daniel from Clarksborough, New Jersey. All right. Oh, I know who that is you know that is right
That's Daniel from Danielson sorry cuz I never mind all right my bad all right
maybe maybe it's another Daniel might be back from South Jersey I will yes thank
you Dan Erica from Baltimore says best show for life curly girl thank you
Erica Ed from Lawrence Kansas a great town all right Lawrence Kansas home of
the embarrassment
thank you ed jonnie from mays landing new jersey checks in at the i doner pledge
level
thank you jonnie
uh... got some card stuck together here
and for that pledge that i doner level
jonnie gets
get a get a load of all the stuff he gets
fm u bumper sticker reduce record fair admission
i guess uh... w f m u t-shirt he gets my premium which is a t-shirt a poster a
sticker and a patent Oswald CD EP which is exclusive only to this program and he
gets where he gets yes he gets the double CD that we're putting out called
where's the beat which is a collection of all of the fantastic things we have
done here on the last year or so of play people playing live in the studio here
WFMU and 2 DJ premiums and he can pay it in monthly installments goes down very
painless very painless eight hundred nine eight nine three six eight w f m u
dot o r g this is where it happens people look look magic
i've got shawn from verney new jersey checking in all right thank you shawn
patrick from brooklyn says keep on keeping on all right patrick you're good
jacob from boston mass chucits i know that guy jacob w
indeed nice guy nice guy jacob you're good at your good young man
Bob from Salt Lake City loves Paul F. Tompkins and loves the show.
You talk coming through for Paul F. Tompkins.
Andrew from Chino, California says good guys are still winning in 0-8 and James is a douche.
Nice. Thank you. We can do this too people. We can do this. Good guys are going to win.
Good guys are going to win. Bad guys are going to die.
Bryce from Denton checks in, down in Texas and this is his first time listening live.
Oh, wow. Thank you, Bryce. I appreciate you being a part of the show normally a podcast listener, but uh
Changing it up tonight. That's right. If you support the podcast that podcast don't go down easy people at podcast don't go down
Ease that podcast
It has to get edited chopped up
Transmitted reprocessed
compressed
decompressed and then put out there on the web for you all for you for free every week you love it you listen to it
It's convenient for you. You got to give back for it. You give to get you give to get eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six
At a W F M U dot O R G. Also got Luke from Sydney, Australia
Australia that time of year again. He says thank you Luke
Dan from Huntsville, Alabama
All right. Thank you, Dan. The best show podcast has kept my bands tour drives awesome. There you go. Exactly
fans I get all these emails from fans I listen to your podcast while we're
driving around save our lives thank you now you pay it back you pay it back now
now it's time you give now Joe from Palm Harbor Florida he has a message board
name it's a little dirty did I say labia no yeah that's okay yeah yeah kind of
medical thomas is everyone but me
uh... there you go thank you mark from mission viejo california all right
thank you uh... it's like i'm saying from a s t says he did the right thing
is a good guy marks good guy just had uh... baby god bless you mark you're
going to be a good guy
ryan for many appleis
also got william from boonton
uh... brandon from atlanta georgia
lana georgia thank you
Atlanta loves the best show mascot, this one's for Dogmo.
Dogmo is home listening to the show right now,
and I want to know what ranking,
I wonder what ranking Andrew has in the KKK.
That's all I wonder.
Say, if Andrew, if you want to call back
and let us know if you're a grand wizard
or you're just a, just a white knight, let us know.
800-989-9368.
His name's Brendan.
Brendan, sorry.
I'm sure he doesn't mind.
Yes.
Marsha from West Hollywood checks in.
Wait!
What Marsha Marsha thank you Marsha, you're awesome Beth from Brooklyn checking in the generous pledge
All right, Beth. Thank you. Justin from DC. All right DC coming through podcast listener
Thanks Justin Michael from Livingston, New Jersey says good guys win. Thanks Tommy. All right. Thank you
Peter from Metukin
Metuchen. Metuchen. Yes. Metuchen, New Jersey. Thank you Peter
Paul from New York
Alright, Paul.
Uh, author of the misunderstood and aligned Juno Positivity Post on the FOT board.
You know what?
The Juno, the Juno, uh, hate goes on ice right now.
You like it?
Good for you.
Wasn't my thing.
We're moving forward.
We're moving forward.
We're not gonna live, uh, live in a...
It's my own hate pit.
I'm trapping myself in a hate pit if I keep getting mad about Juno.
It's over.
Just for the record, I'm with you on that one, but let's make amends.
uh... paul from new york
all right all we just think
thank you all patrick from the story of
patrick thank you
says the pop-punk message board still loves tom the best show in the podcast
that's a nice message board you guys got their thank you for coming through
let's see uh... some year from gainsville
all good guy
down in florida
holding it down
uh... tommy from air
thank you
keith from hanburg new york
says these are the keys to the dojo
that's from uh... karate kid uh... three i think
when the guy was uh...
when the one guy was ready to pack it in the uh...
as like what's this
is the keys to the dojo
daniel from azareth pennsylvania
is trapped in the abba box and can't get out
will let you out after you uh... after enough people pledge
rebecca from halifax
thanks you for the hours and hours of enjoyment
thank you rebecca
uh... andrew from ashville
north carolina
national north carolina andrew andrew thank you andrew that is it's very
generous and very appreciate it
here's uh... john from maple wood
can't top it and can't stop it
john's a good guy thank you john
stephen from ashkosh wisconsin
stephen thank you
eric serrhoda
uh... o seven o three o and o seven o six five love the best show
all right i appreciate that
i love you
uh... jared from burlington ontario
right Jason from Seattle checking in with a mouse pledge wow mouse pledge thank you Jason
awesome let's clap for Jason
there we go Gloria from Union New Jersey Gloria thank you
good guys win that's right we do win good guys and we are winning right now let's keep winning
eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight
w f m u dot o r g uh another mouse pledge from mel from hanalulu
mel that's the guy who brings you the podcast every week
mel i'm giving mel right now mel's in the hall of fame right mike
mel the guy who does the podcast yes thank you mel you're you are
a true hero to me and i appreciate everything you do every week and
everybody who listens to the podcast appreciates the work you put in
editing it and getting it ready so that it can be uploaded to everybody's
zoons on Thursday.
We've also got Sung Yoon from New York City.
All right, Sung Yoon, thank you so much.
Martin from Edison, New Jersey.
Good guy.
Check's in.
Martin from Edison, regular caller.
Matthew from Manhattan loves the show, just started listening this year.
Thank you, Matthew.
Welcome to the fold.
Yes, welcome, Matthew.
Join us.
You're in.
You're in now, buddy.
james from cranford new jersey checks in all right thank you james
uh... chris from portland organ with a generous idoner pledge all right thank
you chris is that chris <E.D.>
chris <E.D.> very talented guy a member of the uh... the uh... he was in got it by
voice
he was then now he's in a bank called the takeovers
thank you chris thanks chris we've also got tim from stadon island
in your premium all right tim you're gonna love it driving down holland
of all where you're a best show t-shirt and uh can we leave it with this one
steve from north hollywood there we go what okay steve from north hollywood
steve from north hollywood wants to send the premium to his brother just to
share the love okay thank you it's very smart of you steven we appreciate it
thanks to everybody who just pledged in that round let's give away that um
did we give away leather uppers we gave away leather uppers
We didn't give away the next thing that you mentioned, which was the new pornographers, you know, we're doing pretty good
Let's give away that new pornography right now. We're not even gonna hear it
It's gonna be okay, Tom
Thank you. It was my sunglasses were falling backwards. I wasn't wearing them arrogantly in the studio
I was wearing them up on my forehead like like one of the pussy cats like Josie and the pussy cats
This is not being a, I'm not trying to be like Jack Nicholson walking around in the
sunglasses.
So the new pornographer goes to Bryce from Denton, Texas.
Well done, Bryce.
You could play it outside George Bush's house, right?
Isn't that where they're from?
Denton?
No, Denton's the University of North Texas.
George Bush lives in Crawford.
Crawford, that's right.
Thank you.
I don't know anything about that stuff.
All I know is I voted for the guy.
No, I didn't. I'm kidding. I wouldn't vote for him again.
You can, luckily. I know I can't. Actually, you can write him in.
I won't. He's awful. Gas prices are expensive.
You know what is also not expensive though? A pledging to WFMU. Master of the Segway.
80989368WFMU.org putting a prize on the block right now.
Now everybody, who doesn't love Mad Lib, right?
You love Mad Lib.
I heard you play, what did you play today?
Some Mad Villain?
It was Wild Child and Percy Pea.
That's right.
Percy Pea is awesome.
Yes.
But we are going to hear from the second set of the Beat Conductor series.
It's his volume three and four Beat Conductor, India, in India, however you want to say it.
It's really great, I was one of my favorite CDs from last year.
Minimum pledge of ten dollars to eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight or
W F M U dot O R G gets you in the running for this CD.
Let's check it out.
Right.
No.
no that's not it what there it is
Je peet pil skiba todie hay
You
All right, everybody let's keep these phones ringing here eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight eight hundred nine nine nine three six eight
W fm u dot o rg minimum pledge of ten dollars gets you the running for the mad lib in India CD seventy five dollars
Automatically get you the best show premium
and
the
Mouse pledge do three sixty five dollar a day not too shabby
get you all kinds of stuff, 7 DJ premiums, get you the hoodie. You can check out all
the different prize increments over at WFMU.org. Let's listen to a little bit more music.
We'll let everybody get their respective bearings here. I pay a price here every week.
week I pay a price. Not easy. Coming down here doing the best show on WFMU.
Good name like that. I gotta back that up. I pay the cost. I pay the cost. I pay the
cost would be the boss
Look at me, know what to see, see a bad muck, pay the car to be the boss, pay the car to
be the boss, look at me, know what to see, see a bad muck.
I got money for you
Haven't won
I got money for you
Haven't won
I got money for you
Cause I paid the car
Feed the car
Feed the car
Turn the back, turn the back, turn the back.
Beneath a bone.
From a bad muddle.
Now, I'm a bad mother.
Head for the turnaround.
Head for the turnaround.
I told you so.
Yes, yes, I have paid the cost to be the boss.
I'm still here. I'm still here. I'm still standing. Right? Like that's record? Anyone?
How are you, Hatch? I feel good. You holding it down in there? As well as I can. The phone room
is very excited, isn't it? As excited as I've ever seen. Now, who do we have in that phone room?
Let's pay tribute to the heroes of the phone room. On phone one, the poll position.
the one and only Terez on phone two we have Sherry just taking call right now
they're Sherry phone three carry Karen that I was gonna say Kathy I'm sorry
Karen, right? Thank you Karen, that's the hot corner. One, two, three. Phone four.
Fessio celebrity, legend. The one and only associate producer, Mike, there he is.
phone five one of WFMU's leading powerhouses the the the the queen of Saturday
afternoons and I say the queen of WFMU hosted the cherry blossom clinic Kerry
key phone six the Jason Jason's holding it down by the giant bagel there right
How are you doing Jason? Let's hear it for Jason! Phone 7. We've got Dawn all the
way to phone 7. There she is. Phone 8. Got Lorraine.
There he goes. Oh, thank you. I appreciate Lorraine and August came down. Thank you so
so much. They made awesome cupcakes for everybody. Thank you so much. Very generous.
Over at phone 6789, we've got Pat. You might remember Pat from our failed attempt at doing
a morning zoo show. Pat came down to be part of the zoo crew. We're going to do an evening
zoo. One of the 480 best show ideas that never came to fruition. But what are we going to
then we've got Chad holding it down way on the other side of the room and filming
that Evan yes Evan has been documenting this whole event for a DVD release it's
gonna be very exciting it's called the best show undercover
Hopefully they can air it on that video game channel. I watch all the time
Where I watch the other day I watch a half hour of some guy playing like some game trying to break out of a prison
Oh Tom, what are we gonna do with you
That how that might goes now you just flip it up turn it around what is this a bell bib devote song
flip it up turn it around how's that that it I don't think that's it supposed
to go like that right yeah it's but the red tape is supposed to face your face
the red tape ah there we go you sound much better there it is like that that
That is the phone room 2008.
A little lull now, right?
Hit a little lull.
We could use some phones ringing.
You know what we're going to do?
A chant?
How'd you guess?
I don't know.
I just had a feeling.
There's a chant coming.
Let's thank some people.
Let's give away that mad lib CD, the beat conductor of volume 3 and 4 in India.
One of my favorite CDs from last year.
We'll put another prize up, anyone who calls from this point on is going to be in the
running for the Ted Leo and the pharmacist's album, Living with the Living.
Great album, great guy, the caller of the year.
No guest of the year, Ted Leo is guest of the year.
And you can win that for a pledge of $10 or more.
Get you in the running for that CD, Living with the Living.
Alright, so I'll thank some people, Tom, how's that?
That sounds great.
The winner of the Mad Lib CD, who we're going to thank right now, is Mac from Austin, Texas.
there you go thanks mac and uh let's see also people to thank we've got jake from jake from
playa vista thank you jake says thanks tom you're a good guy jake i appreciate it scott
from brooklyn checking in with the generous pledge brooklyn holding it down thank you scott
we've got Nick from Nashville Nashville Music City right music city thank you
Nick Hadi from Bayon New Jersey home we can say bad music city right
Nashville you know it depends they got good music and bad music like any place
hey you know what fair enough wait let's see Hadi from Bayon New Jersey home of
the world's best pancake
thank you had a
uh... more it's from norway
norway
thank you norway and thank you more it
thomas from cedar grove new jersey and listening for thirty two years
how to really issue
not well yes not to this show thank you though thomas that's very generous of
you and thank you for your continued support of w f m u
uh... eric and brooks from madison
eric and brooks thank you
they say your plague on words
oh yeah that's right yes it's a plague on words
eric from four colons colorado says keep up the gomps thank you eric
uh... will there be gomps tonight on
there will be gomps
alex from canton
uh... michigan
thank you alex with a mouse pledge
all right mouse pledge
thank you alex
also
We have to thank Ben from Oberlin.
Alright.
Thank you, Ben.
Somebody from Germany, Bastion.
Alright, Germany coming through.
Thank you, Bastion.
He says he did it again.
We did it again.
We did it again.
Could that be our chant?
That will be our chant when we do it.
But we didn't do it yet, so we can't have done it.
Europe is really coming up to the bat right now.
We've got Martin from Sweden with a mouse pledge.
with a mouse pledge that's crime stick that's crime stick
thank you martin martin runs the best show vault
which is a site
you can find uh... over at the friends of time so with the links over there it
gives you uh...
different clips of the best show he put people some of the highlights over the
last bunch of years and put them up there
for easy listening thank you martin you're a great uh... guy i appreciate it
we've got charles from georgia
john from Beverly hills thanks charles thank you john
John from Los Angeles says clown time is over.
That's right, clown time is over.
It's over, clown time's over.
Next call talks to Mike, 800-989-9368.
Guy wouldn't let you through,
you give him some lip now.
And some money.
And some, exactly.
Listen not for free.
Matt from Ottawa says,
best show 2008 get off my year.
All right, thank you, Matt.
Thank you, Ottawa.
Chris from Bethesda, Maryland.
All right, Chris L.
with an i-donor pledge alright chris good guy loves the wire we're not going
to hold out against them
uh... tim from passadina
all right tim from passadina thank you tim uh... we've also got
play a a
strong from hollywood
hollywood
checking in jouster says a s t supports the best show here you go thank you
jouster jousters one of my favorite guys on the a s t he's one of the
moderators is a classic
thank you josh there
christine from princeton checks in with a generous i don't reflect all right thank
you christine christine's using the uh... some of her stimulus package money to
double her usual pledge to them i love that that's right
you can give your your uh... your george bush stimulus package to us
it's it's free money given to w f m u keep us solvent for another year
you don't need to spend it on a blue-ray player yet exactly what are you
going to do by some sneakers and uh... and uh... ipod
eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight w f m u dot orgy next
call talks to tarry t
host of the cherry blossom clinic
one hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight
david from spring field virginia says uh... this ten poll show
that's right it is a temple show
ten don't stand up at that time to get there without the temple
the temple show
david is dorvid from the f o t board
He's a good guy, very talented young man.
Thank you, David.
Jason from Honeybrook PA supports the podcast and the show.
Thank you, Jason.
Enzio from Vancouver.
So much Canadian money coming in tonight.
Bailey, loonies and tunies.
We'll take it.
Thank you, Jason.
We've got Martin from Pittsburgh.
Says it's a good day for the good guys.
That's right.
Thank you, Martin.
Pittsburgh's a good city.
Amy from St. Louis loves the best show.
All right.
Thank you, Amy.
cat from brooklyn says thank you
cat thank you so much
brandon from hundley illinois says this pledge goes out to the memory of stevie
blue
thank you say we miss you stevie blue come on back with your chocolate uh...
colored kisses was i would name a song
mike went to a stevie blue concert last week how was that show mike
and mike he's on the phone tom he can stop for one second mike mike
How is the Stevie Blue concert?
He loved it.
Great.
Thank you.
He seemed really sincere about that.
Yeah.
Not a hint of sarcasm.
No.
Stevie Blue, one of the many callers
we let call up sing his songs.
Let's hear from you, Stevie Blue.
Where's your pledge?
800-989-9368-WFMU.org.
We've got My Old Room Made laying from Brooklyn.
All right.
That's a very generous pledge.
says, Tom and Hatch equals the real Super Tuesday.
Wow.
Thank you, Lang.
She also shouts out the rook and says
that $50 of her pledge is actually money that's owed to me.
Take it.
You take it.
But I will allow her to give it to you.
But you added to your total today, the total in your head.
All right.
Thank you, Lang.
Nice good roommate.
Great roommate.
There you go.
Thank you.
Glenn from Toronto checks in we've got Bobby from Ireland all right Ireland
coming through thank you Bobby says these pledges for the high school radio
station that's right this is not a high school radio station no matter and no
matter what some of the callers say it's not high school radio this is free form
radio this is the one of a con there's this is only one WFM you out there and
this is it Bobby also says that he's addicted to blue oh well let's hope you
get off that uh... bobbie well he says it's fantastic so i hope he's having a
good time
tom from it's his body you know tom from many appleis
many apple thank you tom another i don't are pledged
thanks tom
mike from silver spring maryland loves the show i thank you mike and i don't
are pledged people can go find out what that is go to w f m u dot org check out
the different prize levels
there's all different stuff for all different increments whatever where
every year at uh... pledge wise
there is a uh... uh... an increment
to suit your uh... your ability to give check it out w f m u dot org
we got mac from summer bill
and uh... met like me mac wants to know why the stretch that video game is not
the premium this year
the stroke that video game i don't know
i don't know why i couldn't get a could get a copy of stroke sick
uh... video game mike uh...
mike has a uh... one of those uh...
game system is a x-box three sixty
he was playing the Strotec thing, he actually finally got to the point where Strotec gets
on the ski lift and then he didn't complete the game, he fell off in the final round.
Strotec the video game is one of those little tech space video games, right?
Where you type in turn left?
Well yeah it's like an old Commodore 64 game, it's a cassette actually, you put it on, it's
like you move a dot from the left side of the screen to the right.
We've got Peter from Brooklyn, says the shambles love the best show.
thank you peter and jess from the shambles we we appreciate that
and uh...
uh... peter and jess say that they're getting married on friday
all
all the best
and it didn't even better
one of the items on the gift registry is a donation to w f m u
well that's fantastic
that's very uh... innovative we appreciate that thank you peter and jess
uh... paul from lake charles we canada
right paul thank you
says i walked over shattered the shattered glass of my tv screen on the
floor that was the aftermath of diablo cody winning best screenplay to get my
wallet
thank you we appreciate that we're going to move forward though on the june
oh uh...
you know it's over
the the the oscar season is over
that movies in our in our rearview mirror now
now we've got other movies to look forward to
semi-pro
coming in theaters this friday
and will take it that's the first movie of of the year now
because rewind yes thank you to rest
peter from brooklyn says keep up the good work thanks peter
uh... dan from hobo can says w f m u is another reason for jersey
dominance that's right we do it in jersey we dominate the w f m u in new york now
new york
jersey makes new york takes
jersey makes new york takes
Jersey makes New York cakes!
Jersey makes New York cakes!
800-989-9368-WFMU.org
We need some more phones ringing, Tom.
Yes, we do. The lull is officially here.
But we will thank these people and we will eliminate this lull with a chance that I have worked up
just for this special occasion.
Kate from Jersey City says Best Show is the pride of Jersey City.
Alright, thank you, Kate.
Thank you for the Bryce action and says what, no legalize it.
Well Bryce didn't want to hear it, I'm not in his head.
Kate also can't wait to put up the kick <E.D.> poster.
The poster is going to be so beautiful, you're going to love it.
Where can people see the image of the poster? I think it's up if you go,
I know if you go to friendsattomb.com to the message board you can see it there.
It's up, uh, it's up. If you float around you can find it. I think it's gonna be up at WFMU.org soon enough if it's not already
Check it out
But you get your pledge is an 800-989-9368 or WFMU.org. Let's keep the action going
Megan from New York City is getting the poster. She says all things being equal best show is number one
Thank You Megan and
She's convinced her employer to match your pledge. There you go
And that's a good idea anybody input if there are any people in my audience employed. No, that's right there
I know I'm probably talking to eight or nine people
So but if you are one of the lucky few go to your boss and see if they'll match your pledge
I know we have some employers among your audience to Tom. Yes, I do they should tell their employees to give them money
That's right
You know what might be sure sure that might be illegal for an employer to tell an employee where they should donate chair
to charitably you know what desperate times call for desperate measures
listen bosses we gotta sort this out this might be like the uh yeah it's not
up in Sinclair don't worry you tell your employees what to do
employer's rights take it back kill the unions
Jacob from Durand says uh you did it again Tommy
thank you Jacob John from Astoria says hello to the
Abba Box with his mouse.
Oh, he gave him a mouse?
Yes.
Thank you.
All right.
The Abba Box says you're welcome.
Right, Abba Box?
Right?
The Abba Box is so funny.
The Abba Box hates Mike.
Uh, Cat from Brooklyn says keep it up.
All right.
Thank you, Cat.
Jesse and Ann from Brooklyn.
Getting your premium.
All right, Jesse and Ann.
Thank you.
You're going to love it.
Todd and Cheryl from Hoboken have changed their minds.
You are funnier than Pat Cooper.
There you go.
I knew he would do it.
I knew they'd break down.
Todd Ophonic.
Todd Sissophonic.
Cheryl.
Thank you.
Patrick from Philly says Amish for life.
All right.
Thank you, Patrick.
I went down to your fair city last week and admired.
That's right.
The Rocky statue.
Outside of the Philadelphia Museum of Art.
Patty from San Francisco says hi to Susanna.
Susanna thank you Patty and hi Susanna Maggie from Chicago gets your premium and
another premium and though where's the beat double live CD great thank you Maggie
you're gonna love it eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight or WFM
U dot O R G Graham from Brooklyn supports the podcast Matthew from Cedar Knowles
new jersey says more james bond reviews please they are coming on her
majesty secret service within the next week
i promise
uh...
denia from chicago
thank you denia says happy fiftieth birthday w f and that's right it is our
fiftieth anniversary w f m u is fifty years old and it's time to honor
w f m u
by uh... making a pledge
uh... denia would would rather that i would said her pledge was from hazel
breadth bob luck
there you go hazel breadth bob
thank you uh... jonathan from los angeles
pledging for tom not for the cool stuff
thank you uh... john appreciate that
brian from columbus checks in
a mouse
brian thank you
let's hear it for brian
Nick from Long Island City is adding his pledge for the Tom vs. Everyone Fund.
That's right. Thank you, Nick.
Says some good people still live in Long Island City.
Thank you, Nick. You're one of them.
Go around your neighbors and get them to pledge. Door to door.
Get your landlords, your tenants?
Exactly. Just make it happen.
Go around with a little Halloween, a little jack-o-lantern bucket.
go get your Halloween thing out early, dust it off, wash it off, go round rub, make it
a little pumpkin, go collect the pledges.
Teachers get your students.
Yes.
Eli from Portland says, Portland Street Trash supports the podcast.
Thank you, Eli.
We have another mouse from Brian.
All right, Brian, thank you.
Ramsey from Brooklyn supports the podcast and won't get James again.
you ramsy's a good guy ramsy's good guy i think he gives james his medication
we appreciate it
mark from past edina get the premiums as he looks forward to his long commute
because he gets to listen
laugh
and learn
with you that's right thank you mark mark right yes
that's mark yes thank you mark uh... nixie from serencisco
is keeping hope alive with mit romney
or twelve
gonna do it I can feel it Romney mania Romney's gonna be like gore he's gonna
charm everybody once the elections over and then everybody's gonna go oh man I
wish Romney would run and he's gonna do it hey to correct you Tom I think the
proper term is mid-mentum mid-ment he's gonna get some mid-mentum going yes I
love that Tristan from Los Angeles is a podcast supporter once more podcast
Archives. Alright Tristan, we'll see what we can do about that. Thank you, buddy.
And everyone can relate to Tom versus everyone. It is Tom versus everyone. I stand alone here.
I stand alone. There's nobody in here with me. Actually, there's something to just walk in.
Actually, so I'm not alone. Thank you for that pledge, Tristan. Dave from South Orange
uh says since he can't pledge to hot rockin uh is that hot rockin romney's
show hot rockin romney that is something i wish we had thought of wow hot rockin
romney thank you for that i appreciate that you know and at least one of mid
romney's sons lives in in new york we could get him up here i know he likes
indie rock did you see that one thing where he pranked his the dad with the
the uh... sound board he didn't even do that well
like he's trying to prank him with an arch wartzening
uh... officer tom checks in all right officer tom thank you
he checks into the mouse pledge all right thank you officer tom
and he says he carries his hall of fame responsibilities to the max
and purple shirt is still a factory wrapped douche there you go
You know what, until he pledges, he is.
You can say that again.
Thank you.
800-989-9368, WFMU.org.
This is the place to make the magic happen.
This is the 2008 WFMU marathon.
We are here to keep WFMU on the air for another year.
You are there ready to pledge to show your support
for free form radio for a station that stands alone
in the face of growing corporate creepiness, right?
It's creepy.
The way things are turning. This place isn't owned by Pillsbury.
I don't have Poppin' Fresh down here telling me what to do.
Men in the room.
Wouldn't that be horrible if I had to do that?
Little Poppin' Fresh?
No, I'm not down here. I don't have Lens Crafter here telling me it's like,
Hey, let's do a Lens Crafter 2 for Tuesday and just everybody know
It's a good idea to get your eyes checked every two years and Lens Crafter
I'm actually doing a Lens Crafter commercial.
Let's grab there just one on that one.
All right, Hatch, what do we got?
We got Major from Houston, podcast listener.
Thank you, Major.
Henry from Shrewsbury Mass.
All right, thank you, Henry.
Specifically, earmarking his funds for the hate pit.
He wants his funds to keep the hate pit going.
Yes.
OK, fair enough.
You can earmark your funds for specific things
within the shell to keep funding them.
a lot of maintenance costs on the hate it
what's that a lot of maintenance costs
there is
keeping the hate it cold
winter and hot in the summer is not cheap
jerry from bolder coloretto
uh... checks in with a generous i don't know level pledge
wow thank you jerry
and he's angry that lori hasn't sold one of the paintings to fund a humongous
pledge exactly lori uh...
crack one of the paintings that get dot e to uh... sell one of the paintings
for the marathon dot e
dot e will you buy me w f m u
dot e i want to own a free form radio station
how lori i just i'm tees
greg from indian apple is says jeep and abby love the show
thank you greg thank you jeep and thank you abby
uh... also got ben from uh... music city
all right thank you ben
Ben and Cara want a write-in vote for Dave from Knoxville for Mayor of New Bridge.
Okay, we'll see. Dave comes up and gets the 37 signatures he can run for Mayor.
Uh, Jake from Omaha says long live the Best Show and the Best Show podcast.
Thank you, Jake. I appreciate it. You're a good guy.
Terrez from Jersey City. Yes, our own Terrez.
Thank you, Terrez. Sorry for signing that package from Bryce.
That's all right. We'll both be in jail together.
Kyle from Oshkosh, Wisconsin supports the podcast.
Alright, thank you Kyle.
Matthew from Brooklyn.
Thank you Matthew.
Says simply podcast exclamation point.
Alright, thank you Matthew.
And Janie from LA says keep up the good work.
Janie from LA, I know who you are.
You're a very talented young lady and I appreciate that.
And I think we can move on to a chant or a giveaway or whatever you'd like to do now.
to do now. Let's do a giveaway. What did we have up on the blog? You know, let's play
something from the Ted Leo record and then we will give it away immediately. You don't
immediately after the record ends, we do a drawing on it. Then I'm going to put two more
prizes up and just keep things moving. I want people to know they get prizes for these
pledges. Let's keep it going. Let's check out this. Minimum pledge of $10 gets you in
running for this Ted Lee of CD living with 11 800 989 9368 WFMU.org keep those
phones ringing people
When I saw what I call is you walk down the street
But talk through it, all you do is miss
No two feet is glad to creep that you care for
Everyone you need
But open up the light things change
Yeah, open up the light things change
Yeah
Now we don't ask for matters, we don't ask for praise, we work hard instead of the re-walk away, but when the question still depends on the end of every day
I open up to what it's saying
Up to what it's saying
So do it, do it, do it
Hold it, hold it, hold it
You're down, you make it want you down
And you don't wait around
You give me what they want
There's no chance you can't let you down
All alone
You can't do it again, but
Hila
Hila
So the way you will stay the false decline You won't stop that poverty, don't stop that poverty
So the way you will stay the false decline You won't stop that poverty, don't stop that poverty
So the way you will stay the false decline You won't stop that poverty
So the way you will stay the falls to climb
You won't stop that heart, it don't stop your track
You say all the words and move all our friends
And you won't till the clock has gone round
They'll get them good
Hallelujah
Hallelujah
Oh
And so goes no more to the freedom of speech
From a speech we have followed the city, we work for the real and the weekend seems to be just out of reach
Just make the most of what you'll pay, dear, most of what you'll pay, dear
Your love will go, that's why we're here
You
You
All right, all right, all right.
Minimum pledge of $10 gets you in the running for this CD by Ted Leo and the pharmacist
living with the living, 800-989-9368 or WFMU.org, 800-989-9368, WFMU.org.
Right now, anybody who called in is in the running for that, anybody from this point
on pledges ten dollars or more automatically in the running from the
hot album called hope for men by a band called P period jeans you can figure out
what the P stands for it's foul language and we don't say it on the radio but
eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight WF MU dot ORG minimum
pledge of ten dollars gets you in the running for this CD which we're gonna
hear from in one moment by P jeans it's called hope for men let's check it out
right now eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight WFMU dot O-R-G
There are no friends, no way
Now I need a thing, there's something I can relate
To the taste of all my troubles for my hands
Oh, sleep on a giant taste of his mind
I shouldn't have, oh, but so does our world, and I've got to have it
We're cream-o'in'
Oh, just a day spent on my troubles falling
Oh, sweet boy struggle in my mind
Oh, I still got you, but I still got you
I still got you, shotless!
800, 989, 9368, minimum pledge of $10 or more gets you in the running for that CD by P Genes
called Hope for Men on the awesome sub-hop label. Anyone who calls or pledges on the internet from this point on
point on at w f m u dot o r g or at eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight
automatically in the running for that
oh uh...
my friend over in the uh... phone room
hatch is holding things down how are we doing out there
we're doing great
we're just shy of uh...
hitting a rather large milestone
really
yes
and we'll let me just say this is w f m u e star and w x h d mount hope
worldwide on the worldwide web at w f m u dot org we will reveal that milestone
in a little matter of moments but let's uh...
let's give away the ted leo uh... cd
living with the living
ted leo uh...
goes to tristan from los angeles here you go thank you tristan congratulations
congratulations
and from this point on anyone who pledges ten dollars more than running for the
uh... p jeans
cd hope for men and i just want to let everybody know i'll take this opportunity
to uh...
just remind you of the different uh... uh... pledge uh... levels that you can
contribute in there is uh... and these go down kind of painlessly when you
realize you can divide them into monthly payments
like a uh...
you hear a you hear a three hundred sixty five dollars thrown at you and it
sounds like a terrifying number doesn't add a file sense that you give me three
hundred sixty five dollars
What would you say, no, no, I don't have a mommy.
Right?
And maybe you do.
I don't know.
But when you realize that that's a dollar a day,
and you can pay in monthly installments, what is that?
$36 a month?
Something like that?
$30 a month?
Where is it?
I had it here.
I think it's 30.
Well, you know what?
you can pay it in in uh... in uh...
very easy
simple monthly installments
where it is so painless
that it's a you're not even going to notice
that you're paying it out on your credit card uh... it's eight hundred nine eight
nine nine three six eight or w f m u dot or g
you want the uh... the exact number time is thirty dollars and forty two cents
there you go
thank you
thank you hatch
and for that for that three hundred sixty five dollar commitment which goes
down in 30, you know, $30 chunks every month, which you will not even notice.
You get so much stuff.
You get an exclusive WFMU zip up hoodie.
You get seven DJ premiums.
You get the double CD, where's the beat?
You get an item from our warehouse, and you also get my premium, which is the best show
we did it again, Fun Pack, which includes a t-shirt, a sticker, an amazing full color
poster and a CD that Patton Oswalt has recorded and produced expressly for this show and will
be unavailable anywhere else once this marathon is over that CD is gone and you will get
it if you pledge it to 800-989-368 or WFMU.org minimum pledge of $75 automatically gets
you that's that premium.
People pledge 500 bucks which is $40 a month absolutely painless you're not even going
a notice that you're throwing 40 bucks a month to WFMU. In addition to all those
things I named that you get for the for the one level, the hoodie, the 7 DJ
premiums, the two disc live CD, the warehouse item, my premium. You also get a
gold vinyl limited edition LP that WFMU was making. You get an additional 5 WFMU
DJ premiums, another prize from the warehouse. That's $40 a month, gets you
all of that stuff. You get so much back when you pledge to WFM you. This isn't where you
get some wait, wait, don't tell me mug for pledging $500, and I mean, it's not $4,000,
you get the new This American Life DVD set. Yeah, exactly. You know, it's like, no, thank
you, no. Please tell me what I have to pledge not to get that. That's what I say. $2,000
not getting two thousand that that they don't send it to you
so what i'm trying to say though people and saying it in this law right now the
phone room has run out of gas we all had a good time we all pledged we all had a
little party
and a lot of people did the right thing a lot of more people out there have not
stepped up yet
eight hundred nine eight nine three six eight or w f m u dot o r g
now's the time people
we got a CD on the table anyone who pledges ten dollars or more
Automatically in the running for the P Genes
See the hope for men on the sub-pop label one of the one of the hotter albums of 2007 and it's yours
if you win the drawing that we are going to do in a matter of minutes and
Wow, it's quiet. Listen to everybody's after having a little their chit chat and having a fun. It's fun
Marathon's over for them apparently. I'm still doing it here. I'm two-thirds of the way there for them. They've already peaked
Look at it. Mike's playing his little Game Boy out there. It's embarrassing.
He's supposed to be playing Fitzcorraldo. He has Fitzcorraldo on his Game Boy.
He's trying to move that boat up the hill. He loves opera. Mike loves opera too, by the way.
It's one of his many passions.
I think it's time for a chant. What kind of chant should we get going?
what if we do this when you think about it this marathon it's us versus them
right it's a fight and we got a fight to make this happen to get WFM you to its
goal we need to fight we can't just take this passively we can't just make like
it's a you know go bury our head in the sand cover our ears and it'll go away
No, if you don't do the right thing WFM you goes away
You don't call eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight WFM you goes away
If you don't pledge it that WFM you dot org WFM you goes away. You know what? We got a fight
So this is what I'm gonna do
After we take that pledge we have to get six phone lines ringing
Well, I think we don't need a chance.
That might have done it.
No!
We're going to chant!
I'm going to say 800.
And then everybody in the phone room screams fight.
Then I say 989.
And you all scream fight.
And then I say 9368.
And you scream fight.
And we keep doing it until we get six lines lit.
Are you ready?
everybody needs to get on their feet everybody on their feet we got a
chant going we got to get a chant going six phones you ready guys oh wait eight
hundred nine eight nine WFM you eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six
nine three six eight one more phone eight hundred nine eight nine three six eight
one more phone I will not stand for this I said sixfold we're gonna get six
eight hundred nine eight nine three six eight eight hundred nine eight nine three six eight
eight hundred nine eight nine three six eight one more phone come on who's gonna pledge I can't
believe this error is that it well that's on the computer that's good enough thank you we did it
The chant worked.
The chant worked.
We got six lines going.
Whew.
Whew.
There it is.
Thank you, everybody.
Let's thank some people.
Draw for that P-Genes and we will move forward for the final hour of the Best Show Marathon
Week 1.
Whew.
Let's thank some people, Hatch.
All right.
We've got Allison from Trumbull, Connecticut.
All right.
says the best show is the best podcast in w f m u is the best radio station
thank you allison
also got uh...
christopher from kranson road islands as good guys win now and forever and
christopher is definitely a good guy because he gave us a mouse pledge
alright thank you christopher thank you christopher
also uh... let's see tod from portland organ
supports the podcast thank you tod
uh... marco from the bronch says you're a big hunk
and she doors you. Thank you, Margo. William from Philadelphia.
Jackson gets the poster. All right. Thank you, William. You're going to love it.
Steve says save the podcast and Steve is from Chicago, Illinois.
Steve, we are going to keep that podcast going just for you, buddy.
Peter from Rochester is pledging lots of money.
Thank you, Peter. John and Lauren from Wayne, New Jersey say we did it again.
right thank you guys
brian from philadelphia pennsylvania
pledges uh... at the i don't are level and is earmarking his money
to upgrade the make tom's voice sound deep effects board that's right the
the thing that i have for the modulator i have hooked up
uh... also let's see uh... associate producer mike
all right
thank you mike
checking in in memory of super dave osborn's original face
Oh Mike what remember that?
Those were the good times
when super Dave Osborne's face didn't look like
like it was one of the bad guys in iRobot.
And just for the record that's alaughs cash pledge.
Alright thank you Mike!
Do you want new chant!
New chant!
Mike! Mike! Mike!
Mike Mike! Mike Mike Mike! Mike Mike!
Mike Mike! Mike! Mike Mike!
Mike! Mike! Thank you, Mike.
Whoo!
Mike's a good guy.
And a good girl, Georgia from Hoboken.
Alright, thank you, Georgia. One of my favorite people.
And also got Met You from Ottawa.
Alright, thank you, Met You.
Mark from New York City, part of his mouse pledge prize account.
Thank you, Mark. And you can do that. You can pledge this $365. You can drop it all on me.
Or if you want to do it throughout the thing you do it throughout the thing that's up to you
But just do it. That's the thing eight hundred nine eight nine three six eight WF MU dot org
We've got Betsy from Astoria
Loves you all right. Thank you Betsy
Dan from Oak Park, Illinois loves the best show
Dan, thank you so much
Brian from Chicago
Is a former gomficton who learned that washing towels might be important, but it's not as important as the best show
Thank you, Brian. That's the guy who said he never washed his towels at home. He's learning. He's learning you learn from the best show
Steven and Mora from Brookside, New Jersey check-in
Thank you. They say that you did it again and
Also, there will be Bryce. Thank you guys
Daniel from Montreal says theirs
Or here's to the spirit of the show the station and these people right. Thank you, buddy
Joe from Williams town
Also known as Droog from AST says Tom you did a favor for him and it's the least he can do.
Oh well that's sweet of you, no sweat on that and you're a good guy.
Bonnie from Rome, Georgia says thanks for making a lot of grumpy people smile every Tuesday night.
Oh Bonnie, she's a very nice young lady down in Georgia, we appreciate that.
Bonnie plans to dedicate her next tambourine solo to you.
Yes, she's in a Christian rock group and thank you so much Bonnie.
We've got Sean and Swiss Miss from Spokane right thank you guys Evan from
Jersey City says he hopes the money will go to the gorge to buy him a new
chain you know I hope it doesn't I hope it goes to keeping WFMU on the air no
offense Evan let's see Christopher from Dennis also thank you Christopher James
from Vancouver BC supports the podcast James Canada keeps coming through
West from Aquarth Georgia right Georgia coming through tonight says uh it's yeah
if it's Tom versus everybody he forfeits all right thank you know what
smart move smart move Scott from Morristown New Jersey 07960
Hi, yeah, I guess so for the sixth year running he's awarding you a
Slobby with special mention as the man most likely to make snobs choke on their snifter of brandy
That's right slobs versus snobs
We're the slobs look at this room. There's no snobs in that room. There's no snobs. You look at this lineup in that room
It's a sorry lineup admittedly
Including myself. I'm not excluding myself. It's like the bad news bears in there
But we get it done. We're like the what actually a bad news was lost didn't they they lost horribly?
Whoops, let's forget that bad news bears thing in the
Very it's like Rudy you guys are like Rudy in there. You're like Rudy actually he was
Rudy not no not the mayor
I'm saying the football player, but then he only played one play in a game. So he kind of stunk also
So let's let's move off Rudy. You guys aren't like Rudy either. I'll figure somebody out that you're like
We've got David from Cleveland Heights, Ohio, checking in
Thank you, David Colin from Los Angeles loves the best show Tom rules. All right. Thank you Colin
Greg from New York says would
Says he supports the podcast. Thank you Greg
Also
Jeremy and Margaret from Holyoke, Mass. All right. Thank you Jeremy and Margaret. They preach the best show gospel straight out of Holyoke
We appreciate that. Jake from New York City checks in and he says thanks for all the
a free entertainment, here's a mouse.
Wow, thank you Jake.
Jake, Jake, Jake,
Jake,
Jake, Jake, Jake, Jake,
Jake, Jake, Jake,
Jake!
Nicole and Andy from Brooklyn,
uh, say we did it again.
Thank you, Nicole and Andy.
I appreciate that.
Also, uh, Tim from Milwaukee?
Alright.
Thank you, Tim.
The uh, rhetorical question here,
the best show on WFMU?
No!
The best show in the WFM Universe?
I love it, or in the Juno verse.
We're not going there anymore.
Stop it, Tom.
No one mentioned Juno.
Let it go.
Stephen Brooklyn, Stephen in Brooklyn says,
Steely Dam says he did his most pledge last week,
but he's gonna give you some more.
Thank you, buddy, I appreciate it.
It all helps.
Steve from North Hollywood pledging again.
He's going out to fight the good fight.
Thank you, Steve.
Andy from from New York with more than mouse pledge really more all right
thank you Andy in New York Andy in New York thank you Andy Shane from Rutherford
New Jersey thank you Shane says shout executives voting for there will be
Gomson. Oh eight. Thank you. The shout network coming up. I appreciate that, Andy. Ben from Jersey City say says you're the best. All right. Thank you, Ben. And Larry from Short Hills, New Jersey, a WFM U DJ from 29 years ago. All right. Thank you, Larry. I hope we're continuing the tradition making you proud. Larry says, I know the real Julie Teager and she's not going to sue.
Okay, fair enough. We'll let that slide.
Erica from Baltimore says Best Show for Life.
All right, thank you, Erica. Andrew from Philadelphia loves the podcast
in Hall of Tompkins and the show. Who doesn't? Thank you, buddy.
Liz from Chicago is a big fan of the show.
All right, Liz, Chicago coming through. Michael from Oakland says
thanks, Tom, for making Tuesday of the day. You're welcome.
Kyle from Birmingham, Alabama.
All right. Thank you, Kyle. Tom from Chicago, Illinois loves the podcast.
Oh, more Chicago. Greg from Pittsburgh.
Thank you, Greg. Pittsburgh loves the best show. Thanks, Greg.
Ah, let's see. Chris from Middletown, Maryland.
All right. I appreciate that, Chris. Thank you so much.
Chris and Carolyn from Middletown say
librarians love the best show. I love that. I respect librarians. You know what?
You go to the library, you don't be an animal.
You keep quiet, you hear that?
You also, you know what, that extends,
I'm gonna say it, to a bookstore.
You show respect when you go into books,
or you don't go into a bookstore,
or you think you're in Penn Station.
You're not.
People are still looking at books,
they're still trying to concentrate, keep it down.
You don't have to be quiet like you do in a library.
You just keep it down.
Charles from Atlanta loves the best show.
Thank you, Charles.
We've also got Christine from Brooklyn, a fellow NYU Film alum, NYU Film alums for
the best show.
All right.
Thank you, Christine.
I was not a film alum, though.
Well, I was.
Oh, you were?
Yeah.
Well, that's right.
Sorry.
So.
I went to a community college.
She was in my class, Christine.
All right.
Well, thank you, Christine.
Nothing wrong with community college.
You probably got a better education than I did.
It was harder.
They try to weed you out.
They try to weed out the mutants.
Marty from Lambertville, New Jersey is a big fan.
Thank you Marty.
I appreciate it.
Let's draw for the P jeans and then we will play some music from the next prize we are
giving out.
And we will keep it going.
We only have 40 minutes people.
Best show.
This is your chance to pledge.
Show your support.
The P jeans goes to Dan from Oak Park, Illinois.
Alright.
Congratulations.
You are going to love it.
The next prize on the block, not a block, surprise cozy.
going to be I'm putting two up right now two prizes anyone in anyone for just ten
dollars more is in the running for one of these two prizes the an autograph
copy of Thurston Moore's LP outside the Academy that's signed by Thurston Moore
It's a guy from Sonic Youth that or
I'm gonna put the goner fest to it's a goner fest to a CD and DVD set
Featuring all kinds of bands and played at the goner fest to
Doing their thing rocking out. I was there goner fest to was amazing. We're gonna hear something from that now
minimum pledge of ten dollars to eight hundred nine eight nine three six eight
pledge online at WFMU.org gets you in the running for one of these two prizes
we are going to hear something from the the Gunner Fest 2 set which is a CD and
a DVD here are the yes within seconds we will hear something from the reigning
sound on WFMU eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight WFMU.org keep
them going people we're doing good we got to do better
I know what you have and you are what I've done to you
I know that you have been to me now
I know that you have made the case you've seen tonight
I've found tonight
I've found tonight, baby, I've found
You think you love your life, come on, baby
Oh, baby, he's trying to care
You mean me, I thought you had done
That I'll have some fun tonight
I'll put you in the middle of a heart of fear
But let me again clean me up
I'll let a little bit of it that you see
Tonight, I'll have some fun
I'll have tonight, never have fun
Well, so you never let me go
When you turn around in this hole
They never set me free
Oh, baby, I guess some things don't be
I shouldn't like them, but I don't think so
You better miss them or they'll never fall
Why don't you call us and we'll step out from the bathroom
Won't you ever call me or get out right
And don't you ever know I won't hold on to you
Oh, baby, the damn thing to me
I'll bet I wouldn't make it could you see
Yes, yes, yes, minimum pledge of $10, get you in the running for that CD, Gunnerfest,
DVD, DVD, set, or you get in the running for the Thurston More Autograph album, LP, outside
the academy.
Let's get those phones ringing 800-989-9368-WFMU.org, keep it going everybody, play a little
more music get back to it eight hundred nine eight nine three six eight
You're a bad man, but in the world
Don't be a bad man, I can not
Give him to me, he's a bad man
I won't be happy to deny next to me
Oh, you know, I won't be
Taking a big thing
I'm in the world
Don't mean nothing
Oh, give me me to me
Oh, you messed
Oh, you messed
All humans, all humans I garbage
All humans, all humans
All humans I garbage
All humans, all humans
All humans, all humans I garbage
Oh the Re-L
Oh
Yes best show back a half hour now
33 minutes ago, 33 minutes here on this first week of the best show on WFMU 2008
marathon. Minimum pledge of $10 gets you in running for the two prizes on the
block, the prize cozy right now, the thirst and more autographed LP outside
the Academy and a trees outside the Academy sorry and or you're in the
running for the Gunnerfest CD and DVD set Gunnerfest 2. Again provided by the
fantastic generous people at gonner and ecstatic piece respectively so the phone
number eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight you pledge online at
wfmu.org anyone who pledge a seventy five dollars or more automatically gets
my premium the best shown wfmu we did it again fun pack which features a t-shirt
a sticker, an amazing poster, and a CD EP recorded by Pat Naswalt, and manufactured
and then produced expressly for this show, and it will be unavailable anywhere else.
800-989-9368, or WFMU.org, let's keep it going everybody.
We got something really special going, and we want to push it as far as we can, and the
The only way to do that is for you to do your part and contribute 800-989-9368 or WFMU.org.
How are we doing out there, Hatch?
We're doing great.
By the way, let me say thank you to you, Hatch.
You have done an amazing job holding it down in the phone.
What's here for Hatch?
Sorry, he didn't do that good.
Let me keep the chant going that long.
Oh, Tom, let's thank some people, hush.
All right.
Brett from San Diego.
Thank you, Brett.
Oh, we've got Daisy from Edison, says Martin isn't the only best show fan in Edison.
There we go.
Thank you, Daisy.
Greg in Manchester Center, Vermont, says best show for life.
Thanks, Greg.
Brian from Olympia, Washington.
All right.
Thanks, Brian.
Brian from Albany, New York.
All right.
Ryan coming through.
Thank you, buddy.
Thank you, Albany.
says I'm gonna ask Doddy to match my full pledge at the end of two weeks for my
birthday all right Doddy Doddy match my pledge Doddy John from New York says
keep bringing it in 08 all right thank you John I'm trying I'm trying John Miguel
and Kelly from Holland with a mouse you mean the country of Holland no the
city of Holland in Michigan all right Holland miss thank you guys a full
Mouse, let's hear it. Mouse. Mouse. Thank you. We can do better than that for a mouse. Clap.
There it is. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. We've also got John from Brooklyn. Thanks
John. Greenpoint Brooklyn to be precise. Thank you John. David from, doesn't say. All right.
We appreciate it David. Eric from Chicago. All right. Chicago. I'm the king of Chicago
Now, thank you
Best show in 2008 never not grumpy. I appreciate that
Jonathan from Los Angeles an eight-year listener to the show all right. Thank you, buddy. Thank you, Jonathan
You're you're a full-termer there. We you you've been on board for all eight years
Not many can say that
Kid from Brooklyn says you win the kid from Brooklyn. Yes. All right. Fair enough
Gotcha kid from Brooklyn and a pretty generous pledge
All right, thank you the kid from Brooklyn Christopher from Windsor Terrace says thanks for all the Mirth music in mayhem
particularly the mayhem
yours from under the microscope be
bought swam vote
Thank you. Yes
Sean from Austin, Texas says thanks for the best show. Thank you Sean for pledging Emily from Haworth, New Jersey says
She's giving you part of her mouse pledge. Okay. Thank you Emily. I appreciate that
Eli from Medford Mass.
All right, thank you, Eli.
Matt from Fayetteville, Arkansas.
Right, Fayetteville coming through.
Thank you, buddy.
Matt sounds very enthusiastic.
Lots of exclamation points.
We got to hear phones ringing.
FOTs pull through.
That's right.
We need it.
And thank you, buddy.
We appreciate you stepping up and doing your part.
Peter from Montville, New Jersey, says yay for the podcast.
Thank you, Peter.
David from Hatton Heights, New Jersey,
supports the podcast and filly boy royal alright thank you david
gave from jamaica plain massachusetts
thanks babe
checking in with an i don't know level pledge alright thanks buddy
sherry from brooklyn
pledging in honor of the obba box alright thank you sherry
that that's a very thank you sherry
holding it down
volunteering here in the phone room on phone number two
and uh... we've got carry
from Soho with a mouse pledge.
All right, Kerry, thank you.
We're doing it, we're doing it.
Thank you, 800-989-9368, let's keep doing it.
We did it again.
We're doing it again, and we're going to have done it again
in only 28 minutes, but let's keep it going.
800-989-9368-WFMU.org.
Emmanuel from Staten Island, getting your premium.
Thanks, Emmanuel. You're gonna love it.
Jason from Brooklyn says...
... uh...
... loves the FME family equally and with an abiding and somewhat embarrassing passion.
Thank you, Jason. I appreciate that.
pledging at the iDonor level.
All right.
Getting two DJ premiums and the double live CD also.
Daryl from Canada supports the best show.
Right.
Canada.
I love it.
Andy from Oklahoma says,
uh... more friends of tom per capita than any other state over there in
oklahoma thank you andy you're right
oklahoma that's a good that's a good state says it says that in the license
plates in oklahoma doesn't it i think it might it might be a baby uh... abbreviated
nate from edford massachusetts right thanks nate
karen from brooklyn uh...
loves the best show even though she's uh... from williamsberg
you know what
williamsberg is not uh... not so shabby
Hey if you guys do a little too much of the nose candy, you might be in the park playing
a tag you're at, hide and seek, McCarran Park, make fun of me for walking around.
This is the, these are the sunglasses I was wearing in the park.
These sunglasses, I'm walking around McCarran Park, I got laughed at for wearing these sunglasses
like this.
Is that the funniest thing you've ever seen?
No.
I've seen, have you ever seen a U2 Aktung baby tour?
So I was wearing it. I look like an old lady. I'll admit it. I'm going for the old lady
look. I'm trying to be like Bono. I'm trying to look like a 90 year old lady. So I'm walking
around with these and some snobs at McCarran Park start making fun of me. Like that. You
know what? You're all right. You're all right, Williamsburg. Well, I still love you, Williamsburg.
Karen also says McCarran Park Pool Fun Swim 2011.
Do you imagine ever going on that slip and slide in McCarron Park pool?
Oh boy.
I think you get a, you get a alcohol poisoning just through the, through your skin.
Uh, Phil from Halifax, Canada, the home of Juneau fever.
Thanks you for fighting the good fight and, uh, thanks you by giving you a mouse plate.
Oh, right.
Thank you.
Let's hear it.
Phil.
No, no, no.
Thanks, Phil.
Thanks, buddy.
Ben from Harvard says the best show podcast is the only good
podcast thank you ben i appreciate that and it's true that's harvard illinois
not okay harvard university good slop not snob he's a slop uh joshua from
some reville checks in with a uh very large pledge thanks joshua says pain
don't hurt but losing the best show shorewood right they would hurt we're here to
make sure you never lose the best show eight hundred nine eight nine nine three
six eight w f m u dot o r g twenty four minutes left in the program let's
keep it going. Josh from Miami checks in says get ready to meet my little pledge.
That's nice. I appreciate that Josh. But it's not such a little pledge. It's a
mouse pledge. All right Josh. Josh. Nice guy. Thank you Josh. I appreciate that
you're a sweetheart. Josh came all the way up here from Miami to attend a
Friends of Tom gathering. Nice guy. Stephen from Chicago supports the podcast.
All right, thank you, Steven Scott from Chicago supports the podcast Scott. Thank you and every show every pledge tonight from Canada and Chicago
Jonathan from Montreal
Thanks you. Thanks WFM you and says here's another great year of free form radio. All right. Thank you
That's what we need we need your support to give it give another year to everybody to make WFM you solvent and free of
Corporate influence and government evils. Do you really want this place being run by some corporate guy?
talk about synergy come down like hey you know maybe we could come down
promote a Wolverine's coming out in 2009 maybe we could start doing some some
hype start hyping Wolverine a little bit on the air get a huge Jackman down to
the studio actually that would be pretty cool if you Jackman came down
strike that if anyone from the movie studio can bring Hugh Jackman down I will
promoted as much as I can for you eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six
eight you want to thank some more people let's do that let's thank a couple how
many more do we have a little just a little handful let's thank those people
give the two prizes out put a couple more prizes up and then we will keep it
going I also have a grand prize for this show that I never mentioned you did
mention it early on that it was like two and a half hours ago yes there is a
The Comedy Grand Prize, a comedy fun pack, featuring the CD by Paul F. Tomkins impersonal
one of the funniest albums ever recorded.
You get Fred Armisen presents Jens Haneman, it's a complicated drumming technique, he
was down here demonstrating it in studio, that's a DVD on the drag city label, impersonals
put out through a special thing, thank you to both of those labels for that.
You also get the Patton Oswalt, it's a two CD thing,
the Pennsylvania Macaroni Company,
and I think another CD.
This is for the grand prize.
This is not the CD that you automatically get
for pledging $75 or more.
Everyone who pledged a $75 more is in the running
for this drawing featuring two Patton Oswalt CDs
put out by Chunklet, thank you Chunklet so much for that.
Very generous, we appreciate it.
Fred Armorson's DVD, and Paul F. Tonkin's album,
Personal that's a grand prize drawing anyone who played the seventy five dollars and more at the end of the show
800 9 8 9 9 3 6 8
More people to thank we've got Gia from Brooklyn with some great comments
She says avoid the pit of hate donate in 2008. Wow. That's like
Nipsey Russell
Thank you for that Gia, and she goes on to say as kilo would say I wish I was a little bit taller
I wish I was a baller. I wish I had a phone with a battery so I could be a super caller
Wow, you know what I'm gonna say? Gee, you get D to a phone cuz you've got some poetic skills that I want on the show this year.
Let's see, we've also got Mike from Portland.
Alright, thanks Mike.
Loves the odd cast, doesn't love his defective keyboard.
Sorry Mike, thanks for doing the right thing and pledging, we appreciate it.
We've got Matthew from Norman, Oklahoma, says Norman FOT's represent.
That's right. Thanks Matthew. Thank you for coming through
Let's see Martin from Edison
Says this is a second round pledge knock at punches for the freaks. Thank you Martin. Good guy. Good guy
Leah from Chandler says
Tom I hate to bother you again, but she wants gone her fess to
Well, she was in the running for that. We'll see if she gets it Jay from Stuart, Florida
Kathryn from Chicago says keep the podcast going. Thanks so much. Let's give away
those two prizes. Anyone who calls from this point on is in the running for the...
I'm gonna put the Demon's Claws CD. Satan's little pet pig is up on the
table and I'm also putting the... I'm also gonna put the boo-boo-boo, the
Mary Weiss album, Dangerous Game, which was a lot of songs written by Greg Cartwright,
produced Dave Amels, had a big hand in it, a great album from Mary Weiss from the Shanger
Law is making her exciting comeback on the Norton label.
Anyone pledges $10 or more from this point on in the running for those two prizes, 800-989-9368
WFMU.org.
So we're giving away these prizes now?
Yes, let's do that.
uh... let's see uh... we've got
first and more
yes the first and more autographed lp uh... trees outside the academy goes to
christopher and winzer terrace congratulations
and the uh...
gone or fast to
goes to karen in brooklyn from Williamsburg
there you go williamsburg is going to love it
thank you karen i appreciate it
let's hear something from the uh...
from the mariwice album dangerous game one of the two prizes up on the uh...
prize cozy for a pledge of ten dollars a more week twenty minutes people
twenty minutes for you to contribute
to the best show
week one w f m u marathon let's keep it going
eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight
w f m u dot o r g
and this is cd is one of the two prizes up on the block
seventy five dollar pledge more you automatically get the best show premium
the uh... we did it again fun pack you automatically get that that's a t-shirt
a poster, a sticker, and a Pat Naswalt CDEP
expressly made and manufactured for this show.
800-989-9368.
Getting and running people, check this out.
Mary Weiss coming up, right?
A boot.
No.
I know you folks give you a hard time
Little boy just put your hand in mind
You'll see what a good good girl I'll be
And all your friends will they say on bed
I ain't no different than any other girl you've had before
Except I need you more
You better stop and think it over
You better stop and think it over again
Think it over again
It's time to always be as hard as this, little boy, I'm bended on, bended me, please stay,
get you all to run away, and if you stay right by my side, and know I love you to the very
I die, it's true
I love only you, you better stop
And think it over
You better stop
And think it over again
Think it over again
I know you folks keep you a hard time
Little boy just put your hands in mind
You'll see what a good girl I've been
And all your friends will they say I'm bad
I ain't no different than any other girl you've had
People
Except I love you more
You better stop
And think it over
You better stop
And think it over again
Think it over again
Stop and think it over.
Stop And think it over.
Stop and think it over.
Stop & think it over.
Yes, ten dollar pledge Shamun Pledge.
There's $10 to get you in the running for that CD.
There are two prizes up on the block, though,
that Mary Weiss CD Dangerous game,
and the Demon's Claw record,
I put out a buy in the red called Satan's Little Pet Pig,
which we are going to hear something from now.
If you call 800-989-9368,
and remember, anyone who pledges $75 or more
automatically gets the best show on WFMU,
we did it again, fun pack, t-shirt, sticker, poster,
Patton Oswalt CD created expressly for this show.
Let's hear some demons claws.
Keep those phones ringing 800-989-368WFMU.org pledge online.
Damn it!
Hey, you're in your hand now, or you're right on this man's face, so make it like all I say.
Oh, you're right on this game, so you're right on this man's face, so make it like this, that's what it says.
Oh, baby, let me dance with you, oh
Oh, baby, let me dance with you
Oh, baby, let me dance with you
Oh, you'll make one down now
Oh, you'll make one down now
Oh, yeah, yes, yes, yes, minimum pledge of $10 gets you in the running for that hot,
hot, hot record by demons called Satan's little pet pig on the end of the red layer
We also have another CD on the block, which is the Mary Weiss dangerous game
Record which that's ten dollars more kitchen running for that also come on people eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight
We're gonna make our final push for tonight. Hey hatch. How are we doing out there?
We're doing great. What do we have a total we do have a total and I think I think if we get
Ten mouse pledges in the last ten minutes we can we can reach a new plateau really what where are we at right now?
Totally are at approximately thirty seven thousand dollars. I want 40. I want forty thousand dollars for one show
They'll bronze me. They'll bronze me if I get forty grand in one show at night. They'll bronze me
Like Han Solo
Right, I feel like Han Solo
Get it go well, but that doesn't do very well in the radio. No enough with that's right
I did kind of lay there my Han Solo and carbonite impression. Nice. Nice visual in real life
Thank you. We can do this. Oh people. We're about to make radio history here on WFM you
Could you imagine if I made 40 grand in one show?
Could you imagine that could you imagine what that would mean for people with the best show?
They would treat me differently around here. I come right here. You know what they're calling slob slob. Here comes a slob
is slobs versus snobs. I'm not saying these people are snobs, but I'm a slob.
And this is if you're a slob, if you've ever felt like a slob, if you're one of
the downcasts, one of the downtrodden, you're somebody, people look down their
nose at you. This is your turn, this is the time when we stand up 8999868
Slobs vs. Snobs, 800, 989-9368-WFMU.org.
You're the guy who everybody ignores.
You're the guy who's last picked when he plays sports in school.
You're the person you never asked a girl out in your life.
800-989-9368.
People call your names behind your back.
They call your names to your face.
800-989-9368.
Let's make magic right now.
You've got a family here.
You've got a family.
800-989-9368-WFMU.org.
you.org show support for your family step up and pledge 899-9368. We are
going to make $40,000 in one show if you call up and you do the right thing
right now on the computer WFMU.org. On the phone 899-9368. A mouse pledge is
$365. You pay it off in monthly installments. You don't even feel it.
800. 989. 9368.
Do we need a chance Tom?
Yes. Where's Larry the perv? Mike wants to know.
Where's his protege? It's his robin.
800. 989. 9368.
I need all 10 phones ringing. We have three right now. Let's get it going.
800. 989. 9368. Or WFMU.org. Come on people.
Slobs versus snobs. We got 10 minutes to make radio history.
The pledge $75 you get, the best show, fun pack, a t-shirt, a sticker, a poster, and
a patent Oswald CD that will not exist for in stores anywhere.
You can't buy this anywhere.
It's only available for people who pledge to this show $800, 989, 1968.
Next phone talks to Terry T. Let's get it going $800, 989, 9368.
You pledge 500 bucks to the show.
You pay that off and monthly install into $40.
So painless, you're not even gonna feel it.
You get all kinds of stuff for that.
12 DJ premiums, a gold vinyl limited edition LP.
My premium, two prizes from the warehouse.
A zip up hoodie, the WFMU 2CD set,
800, 989, 9368, these phones, it's over, it's over.
Snobbed win, snobbed win.
Is that how we go now, and the stops win?
painful I can't believe it I can't believe you guys are gonna let the
snobs win they picked on us our whole lives I went to a community college I
got nothing I'm a slob you're all slobs we can't let the snobs take over we
didn't go to NYU film school wait oh you did sorry you're not a snob though
you're an honorary slob thank you Tom you've paid your dues you've been had it
easy. Well, I would say 800 989 9368 WFMU dot org. You're
listening on the computer. You check in right now. We're
pushing for 40 grand this show. Let's start thanking some
people. I'm going to keep pushing 800 989 9368 WFMU dot org
seven minutes left in the program. We can do this 800 989 9368
WFMU dot org. Come on people. Make magic. We have 123456
Seven phones going let's get phone number eight going eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight
I'm losing my voice. I'm doing this for WFM you I can't believe this
I said I wasn't gonna lose my voice, but I'm losing it eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight
Thanks for people, please hatch. All right. We got Logan from Chicago says Chicago slobs for the best show
Thank You Logan Ben from Chicago says Ukrainian Village loves the best show
Thanks, Ben Adam from Rivers Edge, New Jersey getting your premium. All right Adam. Good job
Uh, Bill from Florin Park, New Jersey loves rock and roll in Tom's show ain't bad either.
We can do that. Thank you. Thank you, buddy.
Peter from Brisbane, Australia.
All right, Peter. Thanks for checking in.
Podcast supporter Sonny from Brooklyn.
All right, Sonny, good job.
Liz in Williamsburg, uh, says if you think you guys hate coke snorting trust funders,
imagine the pain of those of us who must walk among them.
That's right.
Throw them all in the hate pit, Tom.
Could somebody help you add the current ones we can add get a grand total here?
I, uh, these are added, the ones I'm reading.
Okay, great, great.
Um, Dimitri from Los Angeles.
Oh, right.
That says, uh, slogan for, uh, Tupac's tattoo is only God can judge me.
Dimitri's getting only Tom can judge me.
All right, thank you, Dimitri.
Only Tom can judge me.
Uh, Sasha from Norman, Oklahoma.
All right, Oklahoma coming through again.
Says this pledge also includes complimentary continental breakfast for the entirety of
Tom's visit to Oklahoma.
Thanks, buddy.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm coming to Oklahoma.
We got Jeff from Ethan's, Ohio, love the show.
Thank you, 800-989-9368.
Another wave of phones ringing, 40 grand.
We're closing in on it.
We can do this in one show.
One nighttime show, 40 grand, unheard of.
800-989-9368 at WFMU.org.
Let's make this happen, people.
Pat's sitting on phone number one, all alone.
Talk to him, 800-989-9368, WFMU.org.
even if you're only pledging $10.
Now's when you gotta do it.
Now's when you gotta show that you believe
in free form radio, you believe in the fight
to stop corporate garbage.
People telling us what to do, corporations
and government, tell us what to do.
This place is freestanding all alone.
We do it.
We do it without anybody telling us how to do it.
And the only way we can do it like that
is if you call 800-989-68 or WFMU.org
and you show your support, you say I support
the kind of programming that is free form and untouched by the corporate hand
show us board eight hundred nine nine nine three six eight
let's thank some more people please
uh...
brett from maryville
missouri thank you brett
get in the premium
good job
uh... helping us get toward the goal we've got dan from seattle
says uh... he wants more wall records and he shares with us thank you dan
uh... just one dollar above the y-three k-pletch
Really?
All right, thank you.
We are so, that makes us closer.
We're closing in on 40 grand.
Let's do it people.
It is so close we can do it.
Best show immortality in WFMU history.
800, 989, 9368 at WFMU.org.
Come on!
We've got Larry from Jackson.
We've got Robert.
We've got Robert from Seattle, Washington,
Congolia from AST.
All right, thanks Congolia, good guy.
I like him.
We've got Derek from Brooklyn.
All right.
Thanks, Eric.
Checking in with a generous pledge.
All right.
Thanks, Derek.
Helping us get up to the goal, where I think we're
within $1,000 in a goal now.
We are.
Oh my god.
We have three minutes to make $1,000.
Let's do it.
800, 989, 9368.
This is the final push for this show tonight, people.
800, 989, 9368 or WFMU.org.
Your pledge might be small.
A bunch of small pledges add up to putting us over 40 grand.
Eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight. Let's get those phones ringing one final push. Come on
Wf m u dot o rg is the number. Come on. We can do it with the phone rooms dead. It's over
We can't do it
Snobs win snobs won congratulations snobs. You did it. We're good. We are within we are within less than two mouse pledges away
Holy moly. We can do this people we've got eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight. Can't you feel it?
Can't you feel it?
Finally the snobs are gonna it's not they're gonna turf out. They're gonna taste dirt
We're gonna do it the yoga do snobs
We're gonna rub their face in the oil field like Daniel playing view did do Eli Sunday make him eat all slap him around
Come on. It's our chance to burn the snobs. What's in our lives?
800 989 368 WFM you dot org we can oh I got it you got air. No, I go
It's my show eight hundred nine eight. I'll find a new register eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight
For WFM you dot org. Let's keep those phones ringing everybody. Wow. I actually can find a new
Register and keep the phones going we can do this. We're gonna close then on 40 grand
We are gonna do this. Thanks more people. We're gonna do it because I know people are gonna call right now and make it happen
We've got Eric from Lincoln who had that last mouse pledge. All right. Thanks Eric
Jessica from Chicago supports the podcast thank you Jessica Liz from Chicago and
other Chicago listeners right James Chicago James from Brooklyn thanks James
Jack from Bloomfield New Jersey says you're doing a great job yes thank you
Jack I appreciate it Zach from Brooklyn checks in bring back Timmy Von Trimble
thanks Zach Brian from Lawrenceville New Jersey all right Brian thank you
Shelly from Seattle checking in says go Tom. Thank you Shelly I'm trying Felipe
from Brooklyn. We've got Jason from Minneapolis. Thank you. He says thanks
for giving me a reason to live. I'm trying. I'm trying buddy. Tom from Lakeview
New York says thanks for the best show. Thank you Tom. Chris from Woodbury New
Jersey says his house is a mess his car is a mess his life is a mess but Tom is
trash bag, keeping it all together. Oh, thank you, buddy. I'm trying. We got Brett
from Maryville, Missouri. Oh, right. Brett, thank you so much. Rick from West
Orange, New Jersey, checking in with a generous pledge. Thank you, Rick. Thank you,
Rick. Jennifer from Vancouver. All right. Vancouver again. Thank you, Jack. I gotta
say, we're within one mass pledge. We're within one mass pledge of 40 grand. Come
And you know what somebody just handed me Tom, a mass pledge $40,000 in one show $40,000
we did it.
We did it.
You hear that?
We did it.
We did it again.
It's not Tom versus everybody.
We're all together in this.
We all did it.
i want to thank everyone who pledged during the show this has been
absolutely shocking and amazing i never thought
that this would happen in a million years
thank you so much for your generosity
i want to thank everybody in the phone room
who we got in there
we got
all
that
not sound right
who's in there
can you think that i've got i've got uh... sasha maggie sherry terez laren
August, Karen, Mike, Don, Jason, S, Terry, and another Jason S, and who am I missing?
August, I got August. Chad, of course, has been a huge help to me.
Thank you, Chad. Thank you very much to Chad. And everybody, thank you for listening.
Evan, of course. Evan. And of course, I want to thank you, Hatch. Let's hear it for Hatch.
Thank you, patch, patch, patch, patch, everybody, we will be back next week.
I'm going to try to, uh, we'll keep the magic going next week.
You keep the phones ringing those small changes coming up next, nickel and dime radio.
You show your support.
This is the, this is the Tuesday night, the Tuesday night blockbuster, six hours of power.
The six hours of power taking you through to Wednesday morning, all the way through.
show your support eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight or WFM you
dot org thank you everybody let's draw the prizes and say good night let's do
uh... read the rest let's thanks to people real fast all right real fast that
last mass pleasure put us over was Isaac from woodbridge New Jersey thank you
Isaac we had Colleen from Baton Rouge Louisiana thank you Colleen Richard
from Philadelphia Richard thank you we had Chris from New York thank you Chris
Scott from Knoxville. Thanks Scott Corey from Brooklyn. Corey. Thank you. Another
Corey from Lynchburg, Virginia. Thank you. James from Jersey City. All right.
Thanks James. Alex from Stan Hope, New Jersey. Thanks Alex. Kurt from Wichita,
Kansas. Thank you. Christopher from Cranston, Rhode Island. Thank you Christopher.
Sean. Sean from Somerville, Massachusetts. Thanks Sean. William from
Urbana, Illinois. Thank you. Phillip from Brooklyn. Thanks Phillip. Says hello to
volunteer Don there you go thanks Christopher from Baldwin New York all
right thanks Christopher Bill from New York City Andrew from Chicago Gabriel
from Brooklyn thank you thank you thank you Josh from Weatherford Texas thank
you so much Forest from New York City thank you Forest you're a good guy I know
you Matthew from Astoria Cornelius from T neck Matthew from East Orange Frank
from New York City, we've got Tom from St. Louis, Missouri, Mark from West
Hartford, Connecticut, Nathan from Portland, Oregon, Timothy from Columbia
Columbia, Missouri, Trey from Waco, Texas, Craig from Plainsboro, New Jersey,
getting down to the end here, Keith from Bay own, New Jersey,
Toby from Portland, Oregon, and Suzanne from New York City closing it out.
Thank you all so much so we're giving away two prizes right giving away the
demons clause record and the Mary Weiss record and then the grand prize the
comedy fun fact Fred Armisen Paul of Tomkins Patton Oswalt all right the the
demons clause CD goes to forest from New York City congratulations you're gonna
love it
Mary Weiss goes to Scott from Knoxville.
All right, nice job, Scott.
And the grand prize for today's show.
Yes, the comedy fun pack.
Fred Armorson DVD, Paul Hopkins in personal CD,
and Patton Oswalt the chunklet CDs goes to.
It's got to be $75 or more.
Shane from Rutherford, New Jersey.
All right, Shane.
Play in the metallands parking lot.
And everybody, let's keep it going.
Let's keep it going. Small change coming up next at WFM U.S. Orange WXHD Mount Hope worldwide
on the World Wide Web at WFMU.org. Keep those phones ringing 800-98-99368. WFMU.org. Turn
table two. Here we go. Stay tuned for small change.