Hey, who's this?
I am by the trail of Governor Valvin.
Hi, it's, uh, Gerald Carminer.
Tom Sharpling, Governor of Party.
Hey, Tom, it's Purple Sur.
Hey, Tom, it's Mark Michaels.
This is Richard Clark, it's your car.
What's your name?
Baron.
Baron.
And what's inside the tube?
Firecribe.
Maurice Kurtz.
Horrifying.
Hey, Tom, it's Bruce.
Johnny!
Who's this?
I hate you. It's Peter. Hey, it's Steinberg. Do all creepy, and I'm hanging upon you,
following Roger Depp. My name is Ollie Fairnock. I'll say it. You'll hear it. You'll do it. I'll get it. You'll learn it. I'll live with it, and you'll die without it.
Smash your trash. There's a constant boom. Good day. What's up, Thomas? Tristan. Hey, it's Michelle.
Yeah, Tom. Yeah, Tom. This is Jim Riffle. How you doing? When I get to do the toilet talk now.
I'm going to go with your bed now, bye, man.
Hey, this is Ted Lea.
What?
This is Pete from the Future.
Hi, Tom.
It's DJ Terry Chase.
Hey, from Knoxville.
Super caller.
It's off the top.
My name is Mike Sajak.
Get off my phone.
I don't care.
Hey, this is Ippi Pan, man.
I'm going to go to bed now, bye, man.
Hey, Tom.
It's Gordon.
Hey, Tom.
Hey, Tom.
Hey, Tom, it's Gordon.
Hey, Gordon, how are you?
I was in a band in the early 90s.
My name's Jerry Page.
Tom, why need this, uh, Jeffrey Ludell?
It's a fat disease, wild or ragged neck, isn't it?
The disenfranchised have a home now.
I'm the hero of the disenfranchised.
This is the night, eight o'clock, yeah
You shut your mouth, cause it's time to talk, yeah
You close into the pressure, under the airframe, in the ratio
Under the airframe, you're the pressure, under the airframe, in the ratio
I want you gotta do it
I don't know if you're ready or not
Don't shout, give it a purpose, smile
I'll pour some water into the passion
Don't let me know if I need a passion
Don't let me know if I need a passion
And tell me when I'm ready.
And tell me when I'm ready.
Walk, walk, walk, walk
On my horse upon the hill
And I walk my horse upon the hill
And I lay me down
Will my love love me still
A dog is here
A dog is there
A dog is there
A dog we got today
But he can't run
When I thought, when I thought
When I thought she was my friend
Then I thought that I could run in my family
When I thought, when I thought
When I thought she was my friend
Then I thought that I could run in my family
But you let me down
Put my heart around the bed
But you know it's not long
But you know it's not long
I know giz
He got three days, but he can't run
I know he got three days, you know he got no
I know he got three days, you know he got no
I know he got two days, you know he got no
This guy is a bulldozer with a wrecking ball attached, he'll leave a ring around your
eye and tread marks on your back, he's an animal, he's hungry, he ain't been hungry
since Supreme clientele, remember what you first told me when I put you in, you want
Just got you in the boot
I got a bunch of things, I'll take it all my way
Just take it all my way
Gods in the bankroll, stole some silly own
No, I ain't got it all, that means I'm barely home
Trailblazer, stay full of revenge
It's my artist, crafty blobs
Why I stuck a laugh, be tap, be wonderin' near
How to chop?
You passed me, I've been doin' this before
Now I'm droppin' nasty
My waddles, I bit' em up, then I set em up
My raps, I bit em up, but then I stick em up
Chance for a good buddy tone, got his money up
What is paying still back, you snuck and told me what
That's scary, not the angel with depth
Light and light, a pencil fire, you burnin' up like they were correct
This is architect music, I'm from street opera, pop a tech man
Fluent, I come from indeed, I ran through the tunnel
Tear a ride speed, that's when I was still in the jungle
Slang it at, dude
Hit up my face, don't need no view, got no hope
Don't need no hands, been messin' up my corner
And if I get that bad look on my face, far knock it off
And who, you ready for the beat?
You said I'd never pay back
Lookin' back, I'm crucified
And you'd next
And you better have a conduct
Your real angel face
I'm a giant
Who won the battle of dawn?
I'm James Bond
In the octagon
With two races
Bet I leave now
I had a stake
Oh, I lost it
While in war
With four raps
I was getting it on
Took a fact
Allin' like forty seconds
Money, get on
With a
My still erection
Evil one
Can't go half slam
Caught in a ballroom of rockin'
The will of my dares like flavor flame clocked
Now I'm gonna be dead, but they scared to snap
The me ring, they guts out
Like a hysterectomy would be combined
Look on a flip by the penitentiary kite
I'll get you pumped off from the inside
George is hanging, George is levin'
They drawers on the floor complaining
Bird <E.D.> resemble kid and ivory
Wain to stay in the place
Third-born rappers get shot on bars for training
I still needin' bacon
Ain't that what he can't
Don't get this, I'm no statue
Give him a gun
I told you I wasn't goin' away
You had no shot, I give it a man
No I don't tell him best for what you been ducking me
I'm the sixth man, this country wants to keep me there
I don't want me to have a title, it's no matter who I feel like that fool up there
Ask this woman, she get more pride from the public than in bed
I'm the champ
Unlike the douche and diamonds, cotton spades on the glass table
Half a mill's on my left, angel, terry, club, guest shorts
Rose is comfortable, bring me a dice
That means I'm with you, my swag is me
Cat and stones and stone and fast leaves
It's cut to a tea sparkle
With oven, the leaf is slightly dim
Spritin' in the backyard, next to grim
Doop tomato, win
And jets can surely marquee
With the cars on and the haters
They all run to the toilet and farm it
Bag East, I'm an MC King
Since Q and pretty tone, I'm your man
Bullet pumpin' supreme
Cool for you and double glutes and the jeans
My man's shape was on the floor
With the mother loan, move from the green
I be F, W, B, C
Cruise away, title shots, rap bells below
Just digs water in D.C.
Yup, yup, yup.
We might have to wait until we knock out and feel them.
A Sass unsettling heart.
Roberts mooch.
Thanks for this Andies.
Whoa!
Oh!
Swiftie!
hailed at a dump!
I'll be right back in a few minutes.
I'll be right back in a few minutes.
G ya-ki!
G ya-ki-ki-ki!
G ya-ki-ki!
G ya-ki-ki-ik!
G ya-ki!
G ya-ki-ik!
My spaces is my space. I just so dumb. What's the matter with that guy with what guy?
Paula Tomkins. That's me. What's the matter with me? Yeah, what's the matter with you, then?
I'll be clean Julie. What were you were trying you were asking me to marry you?
I
Was going to but I mean I tried to too late though. Sorry. Oh, I didn't mean it though. Oh
But there's something wrong with me
I'm gonna slide things forward a little bit like what what is your favorite
celebrity story to follow well now it's uh you know this guy who died today but
I'm already tired of that he's ledger yeah oh you're already tired of that
next well yeah it's been like three hours already and people are still
talking about it but it's already boring yeah like which one has been your
favorite over the last six months to follow-up overall like I loved it when
Anna Nicole Smith died yeah that was a great senseless death it was awesome
it was like is it murder or what you get off my phone you ghoul
Don't stop, I'm good.
Don't stop, I'm good.
I don't know where you're at, but I'll show you
But I'll show you where you're at, but I'll show you
Go, you wear them, move past your love.
Go, you wear them, move past your love.
Go, you wear them.
Go, you wear them, move past your love.
Make this happen, can't go around it,
Gotta go.
Oh boy, best show.
Back again for another Tuesday night installment.
And what?
a show we've got planned for you tonight my name's Tom Sharpling I'm the host of
tonight's installment and we are going to go just bananas with with awesomeness
tonight people talk about people talk all about two for Tuesdays on the radio
Yeah we knew here a Tony Pig or a Pat St. John do a two for Tuesday set.
We're going two for Tuesday tonight.
Two great guests that is bowing. That's right.
Later in the show we are going to be joined by a funny man, one of the funniest guys going.
I say. And everybody else says. Anybody with half a brain says, Andrew Daley. It's going to be on the show.
The man behind the fantastic collection of one character pieces called Nine Sweaters.
and
in the show tonight we're going to hear a mini a mini set a set in miniature
from the reformed boss hog
and we'll get a couple songs from them you can hear a full set by them on
Saturday. This Saturday on WFMU at the Cherry Blossom Clinic hosted by Terry T.
They're going to be doing a full set, a full reunion set. Then we are going to
get a taste. We are going to wet the appetite for for Saturday and also for
tomorrow night's a live performance. You can check out. I believe they are at the
The Bowery Ballroom tomorrow night.
And unfortunately, there's the rest of the show.
The other stuff, the filler, the space between the exciting stuff, which will be filled by
me that's right let me just put hold on one second
I had found the falling apart.
When come on
Come on you heap of garbage I can't do this thing with broken headphones
Well, what am I supposed to do is a Gary Owen style
One that one headphone on
Press to my ear
I'm not in a booth. I'm not in the booth. If I was in the booth. I'd do it that way. I
I ain't in the booth and fix these headphones, huh?
Garbage.
Ugh!
Garbage.
This is headphones with garbage heat.
Alright, Tom, hold it together.
Show's already going off the rails a little bit.
It's already an L, this is an L.
this one's an L Mike can you go Mike I'm just gonna pull the plug on this show
preemptively can you grab a Pangea from the wall I'm going nuclear on it on this
show Jeepers creepers even spike isn't calling tonight
I think it's time to rotate spike out of the line-up
This guy calls as if it's an automatic
Well, it's show time. Let me do my thing
Here's an excuse, you know what I
Don't want this guy thinking this is his spot
that's a problem I'm letting him think this is his spot FM you you're on the
air hi how are you tonight spike I'm doing just fine I'm so glad you're
pleased to hear from me this is the thing though I think it's time I think
you need I think you need to get humble again though really yeah I think you
think that this is just your your ordained spot in the in the in the show.
Oh really? So I think I think you got to get hungry. Uh-huh. I think you got to
earn it. I want to put it who wants to be you know we need we need a new spike
to make this spike work that much harder. Like like we need like that that
mutant from uh... uh... from florida
porque ritchie
that guy
uh... that guy needs to start calling it that at eight twenty every week
so that he can um...
uh... well for example what what what's going on tonight spike anything exciting
Oh, just, uh, you know, the usual. I had to help my neighbor out.
Uh, do what?
Oh, no, UPS.
Sisted suicide?
No.
By your call?
No.
No.
My, uh, UPS dropped off a package for them.
Uh-huh.
And, uh, my thing was, you know, so they picked it up. So, and one of the stories was they picked it up.
Kinda like Waldo Jeffers, like that kind of package.
I know what kind of package it was personally.
I didn't have no interest in knowing what it is.
And then Spike sealed the package.
You ever hear that song by the Velvet Underground?
I think I may have heard it a few times, yes.
Trust me, you have it. I love the Velvet Underground.
I've heard it a few times.
Nobody hears that song more than a few times, the gift.
Anyway, let's move on.
That's a group, I should be interested in.
You should, because they've come from an era you like.
Yes, I know.
Lou Reed is a huge Dewop fan.
Yes, I've read that over the years, I've read that he has, yes.
I saw him on this show, there's this show called Spectacle Now,
which is hosted by this guy Elvis Costello.
Yes, I've heard of him. He has different guests on.
I've heard the show. I never watched it.
Yeah. Well, these headphones are not working!
Now they work. I just can't touch them.
So anyway, he has different guests. On the first episode, he had on Sir Elton John.
And all they did was talk about these British singer-songwriters that no one cares about.
And, uh, Laura Nero, people like that.
Oh, Laura Nero, I have an album by her.
Then he had on, uh, Lou Reed this past week.
It was nuts.
Wow, not too bad I missed it.
You were playing a recording, one I recorded, but it was a call from, from Julie.
Yes.
I didn't, I caught the middle of it. She said something about Nicole Kidman died or something.
Yes, it was a horrible, horrible, uh, tragedy.
Oh, how did she die? Maybe I missed something here.
I think it was a year or so ago? Uh-huh.
Of an overdose or something?
Oh, is it that's very strange because the last time I stayed home from work, I thought I saw her on the view.
Huh.
Maybe it was her twin, I don't know.
I don't know, and you know, I think her name is Anna Nicole Kidman, is what people know her as.
Uh-huh.
They don't just know her as Nicole.
I did that.
You remember her?
Uh-huh.
Blonde woman?
Oh, yes.
Yeah.
Married.
Married the old rich guy?
Right, yeah.
Right.
And then she had that lawyer named Howard Stern, I believe.
Yes.
Not to be confused with your, uh, your Simms character.
Right.
Howard Stoying.
Right.
Not to be confused with the Howard Stern.
Yeah, or your or your sims character
But while it makes sims character, that's true. Yeah. Now when you say sims, you're not talking about people who skin you wear
Like I'm you now
Now wearing your skin
No, no, no, I'm it's my home. It's the sims home game. Yes
Only game one a few games. I play in the computer. Yes, the Sims. Yeah, how about Tetris I?
I played that a few times, yes. Not very often, but I do play it.
Are you good at it?
I'm adequate.
Which block is your favorite?
Blue.
Blue?
Mm-hmm.
L to the left?
Yeah.
I believe right?
Mm-hmm.
No one I like?
Orange.
Orange is a nice color.
Well, it's a nice block. It's a stretch to strategic. You use it. You use it on the add on the walls
You get in trouble you wait for that orange
Block to show up
Then you're out. You're out. You're out of trouble. Boom
Yes, right
I'm actually talking about this on the air. Evo
Did I actually just talk about Tetris for?
Have you seen this show, spectacle yet, Mike?
Yes, it's a talk show hosted by Elvis Costello.
And it's so bad, this show.
Look, Elvis Costello, when I was a young boy, one of my favorites.
I think we've seen everything like this guy's gotten his bag of tricks, though.
and he's been, uh, I think he's been getting away with a little, uh, little bait-and-switch
little, uh, like, he puts <E.D.> dust on top of it and he thinks he's, uh, I don't think
this guy's, uh, got much left in the tank.
They were doing these songs on the, uh, on the, uh, this thing where he performs with
his guests like he interviews them
and he's talking to lu read
this lu read is out of his word
first of all
i can barely sink three notes now
they do a song that the interview starts off and and
lu read is trying to be as gracious as possible during it
like he can't be difficult with elvis castella the way he can with
with uh... within a normal interviewer who he just treats like garbage
but he clearly has no interest in anything of us costello has to say
where he'll be like uh...
i mean we want to hear what lu read has to say as as he is the guest
he's being interviewed by all of us costello
fair enough if if he
if he kind of uh...
goes off on a little uh... a little tangent himself he's allowed to indulge
talk about himself so they're talking about like uh it's like so when you were uh coming up
and you wanted to do the that can't do an impression of this kind of stuff like like uh
you worked writing the songs he's like yeah i wrote the uh songs and uh in the building for
pickwick and and like he but he and then all this stuff was like when i uh started i had a thing
And Lou Reed instantly zones out on Elvis Costello's answer.
He looks vaguely irritated that Elvis Costello
is talking about himself in the context of this show.
And then they do songs together.
They did a version of that song, Perfect Day.
You know this song, Perfect Day?
They do a version of that song.
The worst thing I ever heard in my life.
I'm telling you.
This was a train wreck.
It starts off.
It's like, Lou Reed cannot sing anymore.
So it's like Elvis Costello over sings everything.
Lou Reed can't sing it.
He's trying to under sing it.
He's under talking it now.
He can't even talk in these songs anymore.
He doesn't even have the range to have a normal conversation.
His voice is so shot.
It's like, let me try to figure out if I can replicate this.
I've not tried this. It was something like it's like Elvis Costello overseeing this one's like such a perfect day
like that
It's such a perfect day like
And then Lou Reed's like kind of like countersing is like it's like such a perfect day
such a perfect day
So
in the park in the park
we went home home
it's like these two guys are these two guys are
are famous there's like there's waiting for them to get
for uh for uh the sandman to come out on stage and sweep them off
If this was, if this was at the Apollo, these guys would have been shown the door.
Then Julian Schnabel comes up on stage, not in his pajamas, I regret to say, I was hoping
he would show up to this in his pajamas.
In this audience, first of all, let me just go, let me back up for a minute.
This was the biggest group of self-satisfied people in this studio audience watching this.
like Elvis Costello's like the thing with the sweet chain is that there's a lot of
people get the chords wrong on it what they do and Lou Reed goes let me
demonstrate in the audience and then he goes there's a hidden chord in it
Hidden cord starts playing is trying to show this hidden cord. What hidden core?
I everybody's heard that cord because it's like he's like
PINGH, PINGH, PINGH,Oh!
PINGH, PINGH,PINGH,PINGH,PINGH,PINGH,PINGH,PINGH,PINGH,PINGH,PINGH,PINGH and he goes ... he does that
and the audience is going crazy and this goes ... standing on the corner... and then
stops, like, won't do any more. That's all you get. That's all you get a sweet
chain. Look ... Lil Reid's paid his dues. I'm not gonna
I'm not going to be smurched this guy.
Some of my favorite records have come from that guy.
Then Julian Schnabel gets on stage.
Now Elvis Costello is dealing with two guys not interested in him.
Julian Schnabel had no idea who Elvis Costello was.
Love Blue Reed could care less.
Elvis Costello might as well have been, uh, been, uh, Mary Hart.
Honestly, we've been Billy Bush up there asking questions.
I couldn't believe it.
I'm looking forward to some of these upcoming episodes.
I think, uh, Bill Clinton is going to be on apparently, which I think
Should be great. What's it gonna play that sax solo from our cine hall show?
What song did he play?
Is that what the song he played?
Isn't it amazing that this guy played like
He was like trying to be cool at that point trying to like out trying to downplay this like
Jennifer Flowers thing at that point 92 he goes on our cine hall plays like music. That's like
Almost like the music you'd see in in like a a crummy movie doing the 60s at like a burlesque show
Like like that's what he could play on sax is like he'd be in one of those sleazy bands in the end in like a
60s go-go bar
You know what though, Bill Clinton more power to you
That's ancient history now though.
It's now to Obama time.
It's Obama time.
It's grown up time. Time to grow up.
People got to knock it off now. We got a grown up
president. Got to be a grown up now.
201, 209, 9368 is the number.
Oh, by the way, you can check out me over at Twitter, it's twitter.com slash sharpling,
that's right.
And what am I going to do over there?
You go to Twitter, you sign up.
You get my, first of all, you get the very exciting Sharpling's Twitter titters, which
is my daily fun joke that I do.
Have a good, have a good old timey laugh.
They're all clean jokes for the whole family.
You could tell these jokes at your community center, wherever.
But coming up on Twitter, I'm going to write, been talking about my book.
book blah blah blah Ted Nugent's got a book out but teal tequila's got a book
out I'm dropping my first book on Twitter one I think I might I was gonna do
three words at a time I think I'm gonna do it one sentence at a time one
sentence at a time you will get my first book on Twitter FM you you're on the
air yeah I'm applying for spikes position all right Mike where you
calling from uh... summit
okay do it again give me a little bit shows me why you can be the next
america's tops uh... a top mutant
uh... what it would be
i don't know i uh... you know i work i work at a deli
i worked twelve hours a day six days a week okay
and uh...
i don't know i think i think i think i can give spike a run for his money here
uh... you know i'm going to say let's do one minute now as if you just called
fresh
not auditioning for
over us pretend i'm thinking
w f m you're on the air
hi i hate com
okay mike how are you
i'm uh... pretty good how are you
doing okay
excited for the christmas season
uh... yeah yeah i am excited uh... for the holidays so it's always nice one
that when the holidays roll around
yeah
do you feel like this this is yeah you're too normal
i'm going to know
that guy that guy that guy uh... a fuse blue in his head
you can't we can't fake that
i
yeah you can't you can't take it
you know either either the the fuse blue in your head or it didn't
all right well i mean
i figured i figured i might as well give it a shot
and maybe it'll take like out of his power position anyway you tried
Yeah, alright buddy, thanks Mike.
Alright, Mike.
Such a perfect day.
Perfect day.
It's such a perfect day.
Perfect day
Oh brother, I got to see someone who else does he play with on that show
Tony Danza Mike just said he plays with Tony Danza on it. I don't believe that for a second
Seriously
Tony Bennett, okay. I can see how you'd get those two mixed up. Exciting show later in
the program a mini set from the recently reunited boss hog who will be performing tomorrow night
at the Bowery Ballroom in New York City. And later in the show Andrew Daley, Andy Daley.
man andy deli will be checking in
fm you you're on the air
hi who's this
uh... you you were talking about new for richie i heard earlier
yeah who's this
a frederick how are you know that
your spikes position was open and then somebody tried to get my job and
i'd found it like you were inviting me i mean i don't know how many other
people you know from my area well now
you're right well the the new port richy area such a bustling uh... fan base for
this show
i was actually referring to you though i know that's uh...
and i was a surprise
well it was nice
new port richy
new port richy
so what's going on a new port richy tonight
uh... it's a weather is unseasonably warm it's actually scary
it's in like
you know eighty
to eighty three degrees and that's not right i've been here a long time and
It's never been this warm.
So that means summer is going to be worse.
That's right.
So what do you get that kind of, are you that kind of like seafaring guy?
You get like you can feel how the next season is going to be based on the previous one?
Yeah, well, I work outside and I've done it for several decades.
So yeah, I do feel the weather.
Yeah, how are we doing on that smoking?
i switched to menthol there you go
that's the grown-up move
well you have a rocket still smoking
he's going out on the rose garden he's already got plans
so also you so it's ok if he's
he's fighting it though
right but you're not
he did just switch them he didn't say uh... look i'm switching to menthol
that should take care of everything
next question
Oh, that laugh.
Sorry, it does seem like his policy, though.
Might just be to switch to mental.
I think I'm getting second hand smoke from your laugh
over the phone, over the radio.
Did you ever smoke, Tom?
No.
Oh, well, see, then you don't know what a difficult task
you're asking me to.
You like cheesecake, right?
No, I hate cheesecake.
I ate that cheesecake after 9-11 and never went back.
Wow.
you know what
look at look at that chief
this is a whole you got yourself in
it's true you can blame me
i'm i'm the one i'm the bad guy cuz i didn't start smoking
no
well if we've got a plane people besides a week
teenager we have to blame like who are the people who market it
cigarettes stop it
stop it
stop playing with people now you're a grown-up now
that's what you keep saying so so act like a grown-up
or the grown-ups do time
when it's time to stop smoking
they stop smoking
splash of cold water on your face dunk your head in the in the in the marina
down at the point
yeah
well salt water is good for a lot of things no and i mean it that i have no
defense when it comes to smoking you want to stop
you like it
i do kind of like it but i don't know what i like it
because
i'm so used to it you know thirty two years
you know like do people really like coffee when they have
couple cups in the morning or would they just feel crappy if they didn't have it
you gotta stop you got it you got a you got a fight it
you got it you know what you got to do go by some of that gum
i tried that i tried that
you know the promise you're missing half the equation you're missing half of
it
you've got
you've got the you've got the uh... the tools
all like to think the gum the patch
you've got to have it up in your head
you don't want to quit
maybe not you don't like it because you know why you're weak will then you know
it
wait a second
you are it's all right
Well, listen to this side of an argument. It might just be very good justification.
But why should I give up a perfectly good habit for an extra six years in the nursing home?
Well, that's the spirit.
Well, can I admit there's something to it?
Why aren't any of us doing anything, then, if we're all going to die, right?
What do you, Jim Jones?
It might put you up to this?
Is he back to his weird Jonestown stuff again?
stuff again oh Tom Tom your funny boy I went to this thing the other day was a
holiday party okay and they were making like speeches with a microphone okay
it was Mike there's all these people right and Mike said I'd like to say
something he gets the mic and he's in this room I'm telling there's 200 people
in this room okay he starts talking about Jonestown again again at this thing he
He said, I don't know if any of you know, three weeks ago, the horrors of Jonestown went
down.
Now, this has been going on for several weeks, right, because Jonestown was almost a month
ago now, for three weeks?
Something like that.
All right.
Did he know somebody involved in it, perhaps?
I don't think so.
Perhaps it's symbolic of the way he views people's willingness to follow leaders.
I have no idea. I don't want to know. More power to him. That's what he's in to. Good for him.
Everybody needs something. It's a hard life. You clearly need something.
I need cigarettes.
Yeah, you need cigarettes. Mike needs his Jones town.
What do you need, Tom?
You know what I need?
Mmm.
I don't know what I need. I was asking you.
Oh, do I know what you need? A new spike.
How hard are you? How hard do you cough in the morning? Is this you in the morning?
No, it's not like that. It's not like a... Frederick!
The phone rings. When you call dial a joke in the morning?
Dial a joke?
Yeah. I'm the one that answers the phone.
And what do you do? It's dial a wheeze.
Yeah, I don't really choke. So you don't care? You just think it's all gonna end
anyway, so why quit smoking?
Well, it is important to me
on some level, but I think I've done a good job on a lot of other stuff, and I
feel like, you know,
what's wrong with a little crutch here, you know, that we took on
when we're young and foolish i mean
yeah it's alright when you look in the mirror this would you have to say back
to yourself i'm weak
i'm weak
i'm a flop
a flop
other things control me
other things control me
god does it with that's the opposite of an affirmation are you supposed to
type
that's where you're at though that's where you're at
all
because i smoke
yes coffee
uh... an occasion i do not on a daily day now you know i have any habits
well i have it is that i i try too hard i care too much
trying to fix the world that's my only that's my only habit
that's my only problem
i think i can fix the world i know what a perfect world looks like
and then i see this world i get sad
i know that's evil
when i do an entertaining this
fella
fm you you're on the air
i don't
uh... who's this
this is not from mass but
not from mass but
was that
that is in queen okay
mass but
mass but with the p in the middle
uh... i was things tonight
uh... doing okay
uh... i was wondering i call because i was wondering if you had seen any of the
commercials for the uh...
newly released mama mia on dvd
i saw one apparently it's available at a low price i saw that
yet uh... they are touting a quite a bit um... the main reason i call this
because
one commercial in particular that incredibly aggressive
uh... which kind of ties into the you know general weirdness of a film in
general um... yes it just
it just uh...
you know showing all the weird uh... you know i should say we're but you know
just showing things in the movie i know it's weird say weird
that's a weird movie
it is a weird movie um...
although you know
i i guess most of the weirdness to me is third-hand because i haven't actually
seen it
all you gotta say it treat yourself now that it's on dvd
well i'll put it on the netflix queue then
just that scene when uh... christian baranski is doing that
doing that does your mother now
heavy duty
i'm looking forward to seeing it
so what are you going about this aggressive commercial map well it's showing
that
the scene from the movie and then all of a sudden you know you hear that same
voice you hear in every dvd commercial
and it's saying
you know what she wants
for the holidays
give it to her
yeah it's just really creepy and wrong
and then at the very end of the commercial you know and this is completely
decontextualized it's got nothing to do
with like the particular scenes that they're showing or anything
and at the very end of the commercial just says
trying to remember what it says
all be a man get her a musical for the holidays
be a really great yet be a man i don't understand that
challenging your manhood like if you don't get her musical for the holidays
and obviously
you are less of a man
well they think guys are going to be uh... like
embarrassed going up to the counter at at best by
with a copy of a mama mia
yeah that i'm thinking that they're trying to like their maxi pads or
something yeah
they're like you know you would buy like the terminator and and predator and
and then like just sort of yeah show of mama me in the middle
if i go ahead and send me out i had to go get it
yeah i think this is the thing that's on the list uh that i was told to get
i don't even know is this is this mama mia i don't know
i don't know she seemed she said it was good i whatever just try and make her
happy at the holidays right
be a man get a little musical
truck it was so it was just weirdly aggressive and i know where
you go to best buy
you bring anything to the counter they don't care
you could be standing at the counter best buy
uh... with with your head on fire
and they they wouldn't look up in care they would just say uh...
just like a subscription to uh... sports illustrator entertainment weekly
Oh, yeah.
They have that awesome bonus subscription
that they offer people there,
where it's like,
hey, if you're a member of this club,
you will let you get this subscription
that it's one of those things where it's like,
hey, you just tell us, no, you don't want it anymore.
Like, you have to somehow figure out
how to get in touch with them.
Yeah, exactly.
I think I don't want this subscription anymore.
I think I've accidentally subscribed
to Sports Illustrated about seven times that way.
you know what the worst magazine esp in the magazine
all that are driving that
that is the biggest uh... heap of of garbage
what did the people uh... at esp in the magazine have against trees
that's what i want to know
what do they have against words yet did a tree
did a tree kill the parents of the creator of that magazine
and he is out vengeance from that moment on
to take them and may trees as possible
i think them and uh... steven king have paired up to destroy all three of the
world for some unnamed crime against their collective family
yeah but this guy i mean this magazine i'm telling you i don't know what magazine
reads faster entertainment weekly or esp on the magazine
it's like
entertainment weekly i've read an issue recently
i blasted through this thing
i think i think i was done with it in three minutes
three minutes
because i don't want to read articles on the uh...
this one should have brought i think i tore pages out i don't think i brought
them in though too but it's like the thing that this magazine it's amazing what they
do is they're gonna they're gonna guide people's careers somehow the people
writing this magazine are gonna tell people what they should be doing next
we'll be like you know Justin Timberlake was so great on Saturday Night Live
it'll be cool see him team up with Tina Fey for a movie oh really wow you know
that would be cool. Any other fantasies you want to spin? Hey, you know what else would
be cool? They did a new Star Wars movie with Brad Pitt in it. They're throwing these
hypotheticals out there as if like this, hey guys, this is what you should be doing.
Brad, like they're playing fantasy Hollywood or something. Yeah, they're playing fantasy
Hogwarts team, but they're making a movie out of it. And look, I wrote for magazines.
I couldn't do, I couldn't wait to get out of there. And I liked it. I liked it, but
nobody writing for any nobody writing on that entertainment weekly
you offer them a chance to write for uh... for uh... the george lopez show
for a week
they would they would push each other in front of uh... a bus
to get that opportunity
oh i'm sure
uh... sick of the difference between uh... e s t n and uh... entertainment
weekly i think entertainment weekly actually has paragraphs in it
he had to be in the man has a big
Like a series of sentence fragments to sort of tape together.
Around gigantic photos.
Yes.
I'm supposed to look at a gigantic photo of Greg Oden and like...
I'm not even sure. You're not even sure what the poll quotes are or what's the actual article?
When you read that magazine.
I think it's about a 1.5 to 1 ratio in terms of, you know, actual text.
I'll quote to article. I think there's more poll quote than article in that magazine.
When Entertainment Weekly did its redesign a few months ago, they actually, I think they
got rid of this because it was the most embarrassing thing ever.
They had pull quotes from their 200 word articles as if like, I can't hang with, I'm
not going to be able to hang with their review of Saw 5, so they have to do like a one sentence
pull quote from it
like
hey if you're if you're too busy to read this uh... this uh...
this hundred fifty word uh...
review of saw five
a just look at the pull quote they could just cut to the chase
i think pretty few they're going to have like one word pull quote
like that
well that's where that's what twitter is down to this
thing where you could write a hundred forty characters
you get to write your little statement it's like it's like it's like for the
people who can't handle
the stress of face book
like a face book's too difficult
you go to twitter and then you just write two sentences
about what's that what's going on
and soon enough it's just gonna be right there
so you're right like they should have a side called
like meh
sharply
It's like a series of monocons, but they're actually sound they're just like hey, or yes Matt top-notch call. Thank you so much
Thank you. That's a good caller
Little pushy, but it is all right
Buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh
I start my novel on Twitter of this week
one sentence at a time
It's gonna be epic I
I think I'm gonna make this thing like I'm gonna be like that dude I'm gonna be
the Twitter equivalent of that guy Bolano what's his first name Mike Roberto
Belano. I'm going to be the Roberto Belano of Twitter. Epics. Later in the show. Here
by the way, this is WFMUE Starring's WXHD Mount Hope worldwide on the World Wide Web
at WFMUE.org. We have an exciting show planned for you tonight. We have Andrew Daley is going
going to be on the show later, the comedian behind the new CD, nine sweaters, which I'm
going to say is the best album of the year comedy-wise.
And then Boss Hog are going to do a miniature set in anticipation of their full-length set
on the cherry blossom clinic
the Saturday from three to six
p.m.
hosted by Terry T.
F.M. U. you're on the air?
Hey who's this?
Dan from Ottawa.
Dan from Ottawa, hold on a second Dan.
Hey, Dan from Ottawa. What's up? Not much time. Remember those commercials? Weren't they funny?
Pardon? Remember those commercials? Maybe you didn't get them in Ottawa. I get, it was up.
Yeah, it was up. Those were an Emmy. An Emmy? Yeah. No, they didn't. Yeah. An Emmy.
Unfortunately it is, I think.
You think?
You think wrong.
Maybe a Canadian Emmy.
What are the Canadian Emmys called again?
Junos.
The Junos.
Yeah.
They make a really big deal with them, but...
trailer park boys always win.
Yeah.
Right.
Mmm, I don't know why, but yeah.
Yeah, them and Chantal creviacic or whatever.
And...
Bernanke ladies.
bernacal ladies
bernacal ladies win amis i mean june's
i think it's kind of an all-encompassing or not tv but
so it's just every it's all canadian it's a it's honoring the greatness
of canada
uh...
the the greatness of popular canadian thing
so like who who uh... when you like uh... like uh...
got a feist
winds
right
and the winner is
of every june of this year
we can all go home now
that's what it's like
unfortunately far too true
feist
broken social scene
kim mitchell
right
they'll usually beg some canadian who got popular in the state to come back and
uh... departed brian Adams
or some funny canadian that that moved away
or finally moved away and like buyers
and they'll often to come back and post it
who else is one uh... who else would win a june
uh...
uh... unfunny canadian comedian
like who
i'm not a lot for names and let's move on
well what what can i do for you tonight then
tom
twitter tidders fantastic thank you pop notch
you can do any christmas one christmas themed i'm going to switch i'm going to
transition to
the christmas
twitter tidders soon enough
get ready for that
looking forward to it
this is going to be
genius
can i make a suggestion please do
what else
what about learning school
what do elves learn in school
the alphabet
or like that
I can just keep going.
So I want these jokes.
Look, the jokes I'm putting up on this thing are lousy.
I know that.
I typed in a word, like, a word that starts with S
and it ends with Y.
When I went to Google, I typed in that word and jokes.
And I found a page.
And the whole thing is like, if I just search jokes,
I would come up with some jokes that were not good.
And they were like, oh, these jokes are that word.
But this guy actually labeled his page that.
So yeah, we're going to transition
into Christmas jokes over at the Sharblings Twitter
titter soon enough.
I'm really looking forward to it, sir.
So what's going on with you?
Are you in school?
Yes, sir.
High school, college?
high school left here
you're going to go to university next year uh... no going to do a college
unit college nursing
that's good that's a uh... nursing's uh... wide open field
that allowed me to travel to move down to the state to soon to get it
to growth field nursing
yet important
it is important
then a lot of
that's what i want
volunteer with the elderly with dementia
i love it
you know what i'm going to do it then i've got i got a say good uh... fair
well to you because i think i have to do some of the schedule flipping here
already
thank you very much sir thank you very much
put this music up everybody thrilled to this music
I will say this, Andy Daley, if you're listening,
If you can do it now, we can do it now.
I don't know if you're listening. He probably doesn't listen.
Just does his own thing. You know what I'm going to do?
I'm going to play something from this Andy Daley CD
to give people a taste of what this guy's about.
I'm going to play something from his album Nine Sweaters
available on the
record label a special thing one two three four five
we're gonna listen to something from Andrew Daley and hopefully we will have him when we come back
let's check it out now the next guy is a performer all the way from France um his name is pay pay
Uh, Sean Cloudpape, uh, ladies and gentlemen, please put your warm hands in yellow for Sean Cloudpape!
Bonsoir. My name is actually pronounced Jean-Claude Pepe. Yes? Maybe some of you will have heard this name, yeah? Because basically I am the most popular and beloved actor in all of France.
You know, if I will be in a movie in France, everyone in my home country will say, oh my god, I will have to buy a ticket for that, yes?
And it will be lying around the block, you know?
I have been in many, many, many films. I have been in drama film, like I was recently in a film called The Lonely Boy,
which was recently named the saddest film in all time.
The saddest, they will show it to gangsters, you know, tough guys who will kill their own mother, you know?
And they will show it to them and they will cry.
And they will show it to stupid people, you know?
People who are so stupid, you know, like from a hospital, you know?
People who you can tell them your best friend just died and they will say what flavor is
they putting tonight, you know?
And we will show them this film and they will cry, because there is just something
in my performance that will get to everyone, you know?
And I will be also in comedy film, I was just in a very funny film called Where Are You
going with my loaf of bread and the whole film is shot from the point of view of
this loaf of bread which is a very special loaf of bread you know it is
big for a contest you know and all of the thing which happened to it is crazy
it's a very funny film I have won so many award and France I cannot count them
and maybe a million awards.
So, I am here now tonight because today I have made my premiere in American film,
which is very big for an actor from France, because maybe you will know about Gerard
Debardie, you know, everybody in France know that he is a terrible actor, he is only a
nose, you know.
If you would put some kind of normal nose upon his face, he would be nobody, he would
only be gang raping women in Paris for the rest of his life in Anonimo too, which
he's a hobby of, he's a lot of people don't know that, but he has done it. So
every French actor want to come here and beat him here, yeah? So this is big. So
a couple of nights ago I am in my chateau in Rouen with my mistress, having a glass
someone and they found rings and I think maybe it is my wife. Be quiet, you know?
But it was my agent and he says to me, you have been given an offer to appear in
American film. Very exciting, you know? He says, you must be on a plane right
away, pack a bag. This film is called, he tells me, the doctor who will do
nothing for his patient. But there's no time to explain and I think all the time
on the plane a doctor who will do nothing for his patients. The possibilities of
this have no limit you know. Who is this doctor? People come to him and beg him
save my life please and he will do nothing. Is it because he has realized the
futility of life you know? Is it because maybe he has realized who am I to play
God you know she's a very profound film you know very exciting stuff okay so I
think all the time who is this and then I arrive and I get to the hotel and
there is a note for me at the front desk and it says Jean Claude welcome to
Los Angeles from the production crew of Dr. Doolittle number four okay and then
Then there is a phone number, but there is no script.
So I called the number right away.
You've got to send me some script, yes?
And the woman, she laughed at me, she said, you don't need no script.
And I said, my God, we're going to improvise this whole story.
What a great idea.
We will not be able to hide behind some writer's words.
It would be the actors speaking from our souls about fear and death.
Yes, I can do this, you know?
And so I say to the woman, I think I can speak from the soul of this doctor, do a little
I thought, why, he will not treat his patients.
And then she laughed at me again, and she said,
you will not play Dr. Doolittle.
You will be the matriety.
I think, OK, who is this matriety?
Maybe this doctor will go to his favorite restaurant every night
and confide in the matriety.
And the matriety is the only person who
knows, and he must struggle.
Will I go to the police?
Yeah?
So I'm up all night trying to think, who is this matriety?
What's inspiring?
you know, how does he dance?
You've got to know how a character dance.
That's a secret.
So, in the morning I go to this set.
And when I get to this set is when I learn
very many important things about this film.
Number one, this is not a film about a doctor
who will not treat his patient because of a moral crisis.
This is a fear-me-belly person who can hear animals speak.
This is very stupid.
For several reasons, first of all, if you could hear some animals speak, all you would
hear is, I am hungry, I'm up to have sex.
Please don't eat me, I will not run you.
And secondly, you cannot hear them think there's no possible way, and why would they be able
to speak English and full sentence to all of them?
It makes this stupid film.
And then I also learned that the Metra D, we're not going to improvise this movie.
I don't need a script because the Metra D only has one line in the film.
The scene is that Dr. Dolittle is at a fancy French restaurant, eating with a raccoon.
And the raccoon is eating escargot and he says this is delicious, what is it?
And Dr. Doolittle will say these are snail and the raccoon will make a gagging noise
and I will come over and I will say is everything alright?
And then the raccoon will vomit in my face for a really long time.
Somebody say to me eight gallons of vomit.
Now I try to point out to do the director two problem.
Number one, if Dr. Doolittle can listen to animals speak,
why is it okay to eat his snails?
Would they not also have human intelligence?
Number two, a raccoon does not have a problem
with eating snails.
A raccoon is a natural predator of the snail.
He believed it, no problem.
If you would tell a raccoon, these are snails,
he would say, very good, you know?
In a world where he can't say things.
But nobody wants to hear my complaint about this scene, it's let's get back to work everybody.
Okay, fine.
So apparently it's very difficult to make the raccoon vomit.
Something is wrong with the device which is pumping the vomit through the puppet, it
is only a puppet.
They first take some of it gets on me, but not, they really want a lot.
So it is cut, and we try it again, but I say, well, I should change my suit because I have
some vomit on here now, and it would not make sense in the second take to start with vomit,
and the director says, buddy, it's close enough for straight to video.
Then it is hours and hours and hours of trying to get the raccoon to vomit on the greatest
after four hours where everyone is yelling at each other, I'm very angry and acting very unprofessional.
That is when the director yelled, you know what, we don't need this scene anyway, let's cut it.
That's lunch time!
And just like that, I'm not in the movie.
And so I went to where they were serving lunch, but my name was not on the list.
And so I was not able to eat lunch.
And I tell you something, it smells very good, to me.
And so I wandered the streets up Hollywood, and we see palm trees, and the Mexican people.
And then I see this long line outside of a comedy theater, and I say to myself, you know
something, Jean-Claude.
That's what it's really all about.
What about making it big in American field?
Forget about compete with Sherrod Depp or do.
Who cares about him?
Performing for the people, yeah?
Isn't that what it's really all about?
Yeah.
That's fine.
Just a couple of applause, it's fine.
LAUGHTER
So ladies and gentlemen,
when I'm going to perform for you right now,
it's a very, very funny hilarious pantomime.
You know what?
to get to it. What's that? That. What I need. Is this it Mike? Line one Mike. That's where
I'm going here. If I'm you, you're on the air. Oh, hello. Hi, is this Andrew Daley?
Yes. Hey, how are you? I'm good. How are you? I'm doing okay. Thank you for coming
on the show i'm delighted to be on the show
well it's very easy
we just heard from uh... from your uh...
hot new uh... to cd set
well yeah
called nine sweaters
mhm
you were listening to the the sad tale of the greatest actor in all france
yes
or john claud
yes that is that's what's one of my uh...
favorites on on the cd a cd full of favorites
and i also had to that one got selected because
it is one of the few
where you uh... maintain the control of uh... your uh...
your toilet mouth
i know there's very few i didn't even sometimes i didn't even know i was
cursing
you just got caught up in the moment
that's exactly what you're doing it you're doing it live
and you know you you're not thinking about this
you're not worried about a radio show
no i can't take that far ahead
It's like a party record. Yeah. Oh, and look, I'm gonna curse tonight here on the air. Oh, please don't get it. I'm going to have
I'm gonna beg you. Please don't oh, I don't want to oh, so you just it's just gonna go that way
Is out of your hands absolutely out of my hands. I'm gonna feel terrible when it happens
It's like it's like a
See a creepy serial killer talking like looking in the mirror. Yeah, I just black out and then when I come to I've said terrible things
What happened? Oh, I'm so sorry
so
Andrew Daley, and then you prefer Andrew or Andy. It's an age-old question, and I've always frustrated people by not having an answer
All right, I think they're both fine. I'm gonna go with Andy. Do it. What a jerk
uh...
andy daily you have a cd called nine sweaters what is the the uh... concept
behind this
nine sweaters
uh... the record well you see
what i do normally is i i go up at the stand-up venues uh... the comedy
death ratio in los angeles uh... mostly and i do these character monologues
and uh... at some point the guys from uh... special thing records came to me
and said let's make an album of this
and i think yeah okay we'll do it all in one night
and i just need somebody to talk in between the character so i have time to
change sweaters
because i realized that all my characters pretty much have a different
a different sweater
because i don't want to get into wigs and glasses and costumes and stuff like
that but the easiest way to kind of
to me to sort of communicate something about the character
is a different unique kind of sweater
and uh...
that we ended up recording the album over ten weeks at the comedy death ratio
uh... which ended up being a much better idea but that idea uh... that
conversation about sweaters led to the title
where there's nine characters
on the album and each one of them wears a different sweater so the album is
called nine sweaters
so like it would you have so if you are in a store for example a clothing store
yeah
have you ever seen a sweater and then you would be the character
you hear you must buy the sweater because that character
is inside that sweater well that that concept is sort of uh... it if they're
in the liner note in
or i'd say that i'd start with a sweater and build a character around the
reality i think that's only happened once
where it's the the lead-off character on the album patio chana see who has
won a uh... blarney contest in limerick ireland
and uh... that story was my wife and i were in scotland and i saw this sweater
that just looked
uh... it looked like you had
the only way you could wear it
really
with a straight face
is if you played ten whistle in an iris traditional band
at just just a wildly keltic sweater
And so I said, yeah, that's a character.
There's a guy, it's just gotta be some Irish guy.
So I bought that sweater and did
build a character around that sweater.
And that character went on to weave his tales of Blarney,
which were actually, there was a reality
behind the tales is like a living nightmare.
Yeah, yeah, it's pretty horrible.
You know, they do have these Blarney contests
where they sort of, they crown a winner
who's the best liar in town,
which seems like a really weird contest
i don't know why you want to award the guy in the community
who is the most convincing liar
uh... but they do and uh... so that usually it's just somebody who tells
ridiculous all-tales but in my version of it
he's telling tell to cover up heinous horrible acts of inhumanity
but you know everybody loves a bit out of the story he tells her about leprechaun
fairies and fun stuff like that
yes
he uh... now people
we have andrew death
i'm gonna go with and go with andy
Andy Daly on the phone right now or a special guest. He is a comedian who
does a lot of stuff in the Los Angeles area. Did you think comedian? No I said
comedian. All right. He does a lot of stuff in the LA, on the LA comedy scene.
Yeah. And he's got a CD put out by the special thing which is a website run by
these these comedy fans yeah who's your favorite of all those a special thing
guys the people who post things on there yeah I like the guys who say nice
things about me mwah you like mwah or jalster I always like jalster my
jalster I'm always glad to hear from jean george jalster is a good guy yeah I
i'd like to help her how about
nasa drug
not that drug
i can't think of uh... of uh... things that not that drug is posted clown
co-op funny clown you mean
i think there's a clown and a funny clown what
i know
i like that you think they should have
they should they should kind of
figure that out before the new year
it's a good idea one of the best changes
uh... lethal is a hero because he takes all those pictures and post them on
there
it's a wonderful
the great group of people
it really is a great group of guys
not that many women over there
i think you probably write about that great group of guys but there's some
broad john net on this and bridge there's a couple
you know what my first experience of uh... people uh... uh...
discussing my work on the internet was very very negative it was the the
various fan sites for mad tv fans
when i was on that show uh... very briefly
every sundale go well let's see what the mad tv fans thought last night show
and in general they hated it which made me think well how why do you watch
but uh... in particular they really hated me
and so
it's great
to see uh... via special thing comedy community which is overwhelmingly
positive
and not just about me but they'd like they don't get on there just a
trash talk stuff now in general
their fans yes exactly their fans but they're
there at their at their
they're like the the good kind of fan where they they they they want to like
things and
they figured out the things that they like like all of us
like all of us we we figure out the things we like and they did they're
positive
rather than the internet with these uh...
the usual mutants on the internet
their negativity
it is incredible
the negativity on the internet
now let's go back let's back it up and a young andy deli grew up where
i grew up in the town of ridgewood new jersey
fancy
yeah but you know
Ridgewood, there's literally a right side of the tracks and a wrong side of the tracks.
No kidding. The train tracks just cut right through town and if you're on one side of
it, you're pretty rich. And if you're on the other side of it, maybe you might be a cop
or a nurse. And I lived around a lot of cops and nurses and stuff. And I'm not crying
poor, Tom. Now, that's still a nice part of town, but it really was cut right in half.
Middle class upbringing? Yes. Guilty. Guilty has charged.
when when does a uh... when does comedy enter the uh...
the world view of a of a young andy deli
well i always uh... you know
i i think uh...
watching uh... sesame street i i don't know how other kids watch it but i
would watch uh... burt nernie and grover and just think that this is
amazing
this is like real vaudeville stuff in this
there's serious structure to these scenes grover is the waiter i mean you're
it's predictable but it's spontaneous and exciting that how he's going to
frustrate his uh...
his uh... patron there
i thought i was very early on inspired by uh...
the situations like that and then uh...
yeah i think i i think from a very young age i was watching comedy for its
structure
and uh... for the way that it built in for you know the performances in the
particulars of the performances
used to watch a lot of advocate cello and w p i x
yes out there the sunday afternoon movie
it was this thing where you do when you come home from school
and it was like when video games exploded
yeah so this channel that would run all the horrible cartoons
would have this thing every fifteen minutes or so it's called t.v. picks where
it was like playing a video game
on television
over the phone
and they obviously had a guy in the control booth working the uh... the
the controller for an actual video game
who was supposed to respond
when the caller at home said the word pick
at that point he was supposed to present button so some kid is going
and that the thing is i think it was in it probably like an intellivision i
think is what it was hooked up
yeah so basically it says cheap you can't believe that this happened
on actual television
some guy like hooked in intellivision up
to uh... to and then ran it ran a cord
so that it was on the air
ran it through the board
this through the board and i'll just unplug one of the cameras and plug in a
television into it
and it was like a variety of games where it's like one of the games was like
space shooter or something where you just like
you're just trying to blow guys up and so so the kid would just go on
and they would do what you just did where he would just yell
and he would demolish everything on the screen
some other kid would get the he would get the football
thing where you're the quarterback
and it's a time that i think it's not a time this hail mary pass down the field
over it
over like on television you are like
yeah so there's some delay that some kid clearly can't
but i don't know
pics
and the football
to way past the receiver
my favorite thing about it was that there was a guy who was sort of running it
who would talk to the kid on the phone
and he was obviously like
he was probably in his sixties and he'd been in broadcasting forever and just
have one of these voices of the earth and felt like he was running through an
echo machine anyway
and we found like cousin brucey going all right you're going to play pick and
just the contrast between the voices it must have been so intimidating
i was like
like you know what's your what's your name is it
and brian i have you played video games at home
like that lack of confidence the kids have was only that
terrified yeah that was
tv pics that does not come back although now there's these
full channels dedicated
to watching people play video games
everyone said while my t-voe will uh... accidentally and without my authority
record something up from it
is it the g4 channel or something
i think it is yet it really is like i'm watching a video game
i don't know what that is
What's going on there?
The most boring thing in the world watching someone else play a video game.
Lisa TV picks people, had the decency to only do it for 30 seconds at a time.
There's a channel.
It's like you're being stuck at your high friend's house.
The worst thing I've ever experienced in my life was being at the house of someone.
I'm not going to name on the air.
You would actually know this person, a famous comedian.
Yeah, I know.
I know already.
Out of his gourd
Showing off his at that point at that time playstation 2. Oh, yeah
And it was like this is bought like this is so boring like they're doing. It's like playing um
He's playing like grant one of the grand theft autos. He's like look at all the stuff you can do
I'm not doing it though. I'm watching you do it
So boring. Come on comedians. You know who you are
mmm hmm muck it off so uh... so if you you're influenced by the uh... by the
uh... the early works who was the first kind of adult comedian that uh... that
spoke to you
uh... i would say george carlin my parents grew up in washington heights and
that
my one of my uh... my mother's brother
was uh... classmate of george carland's and so his albums were you know all of
my uncles and and houses
we all had them
and uh... used to live in a class clown when i was probably too young to
to listen to that
but i thought it was amazing
and i never find ever felt like he was telling jokes
like i didn't yeah you know i i just felt like he was telling stories
and they didn't particularly
i think i was young enough that i was able to suspend my disbelief that these
were
carefully honed and crafted stories
i just thought this is the funniest guy in the world just spinning a yarn
impromptu in front of an audience yes let's not let george carland transition
into you cursing
that's what that
please don't let that be the trick i got to tell you that we're working on
what we've i mean we've stumbled on the carland
let's lose fight the urge
so
you you when you when you entered the world of comedy with the was it through
new york
i went to college in update new york and i did uh...
improv and stuff there but then i moved i moved into my parents basement
and uh... commuted into new york to do comedy and i was intended to go to
Chicago because it was exciting things were happening there in the early 90s, but I just
never got it together. I just forgot I forgot to go to Chicago. Yeah, I got involved in
New York comedy improv, which was a weird scene before the upright sit-in's brigade
came to town.
Yeah, so it just seemed like the Wild West.
Yeah, yeah, except a little nerdier and with shinier shirts.
So then so the UCB theater opens in the in the mid-90s
Mm-hmm mid to late 90s. I can never remember whether it was 95 or 96, but it was one of those. Yes
Yeah, and then all of a sudden now you've got a home. Yeah, exactly
Yeah, I was one of the first guys signing up
I took a workshop one day workshop from Matt Walsh and I think it was the first workshop they taught in New York
And that was it I just you know and then I saw a cat was like I don't have any idea how they do that
Yes, and I need to know yeah
Yeah, that was the most amazing thing ask cat edits when it was that all-star lineup nothing is ever
Going is ever will be that as good as that was for me. Mm-hmm. Whatever. What's the lineup you're talking about?
You got the four. Yeah
Then you put in
put in ratio
Put in teen if a
Rachel dratch. Yeah, maybe a couple Conan guys. Yeah a McCann
a man, or a stack, or a John Glazer, or a Glazer, then you have the occasional Adam
McKay appearance. Yes, always, always astounding. And then when Dorff came to town. Amazing.
And Dorff. Unbelievable. Never seen anything. Nothing like that will happen for me again,
like that. Or for anyone, I think everybody should just give up. I really, I agree.
But you now were paired with a, uh, you were in a group called the two Andes.
That's right.
And it was you.
Mm-hmm.
And Andy Secunda.
Yes, Andy Secunda and I were the two Andes.
You were the better Andy in that.
I think that was pretty universally, uh, known.
People probably did not say it out loud to you, but we can say it now.
Did you ever see the two Andes?
Yes.
Oh, you did?
Yes.
What did you see the two Andes do?
This was a couple of things.
There's one crazy showcase show that you guys were a part of.
I saw a bunch of things.
Wow, yeah.
I lived at that dump on the theater with the giant rattly air conditioner in the back of
the room.
Oh.
That sounds like a refrigerator I've ever been in.
But we can say you were the better of the two Andes.
It's not even a business.
You know, I mean, it was never a competition and, you know, that's nice of you to say.
You ran that guy out of the business, the other one.
I don't know.
he doing these days
you know what he's one of the few guys
in the world right now who can sell a television sitcom to a network
believe it or not
he's writing and selling
he hates you though
he hates you
i don't know what
i don't know i don't think he had maybe done yeah okay i agree
does it okay i think we grew
we got that because he just saw
he saw the the the he saw the the
that he saw the butterfly
starting to uh...
you know he saw what was happening there
and he was like where my wings
i'm kidding
i'm guessing
well you know you know he had a key
he and i were pretty
pretty evenly matched
in uh... most respects and we we have pushed each other
a lot in that group
and uh...
yeah we had a lot of fun and it was a sense competition you know between us
which i think uh... pushed us to greater and greater heights
until finally we couldn't get each other anymore
is that
did you just grow apart is that what happened
or yeah
yeah i mean it was like you know
i don't know how comedy partnerships like uh... leo's uh... leo alan and
eric sloven stay together for so many years and years because
i don't know there's just something that happens it like when we were agreeing
it was fantastic but we did not disagree well
and it thinks got ugly
and how many years of that can you take a look and he's a kind of very
talented guy i'm just i'm goofing
on him because if he if he was the guest right now
i would be saying that he was a more talented one
but i think i would really seriously
you're way more talented
we have andy daily on the show now his uh...
hot uh... the new uh... to disc uh... set
of his uh... his uh... character stuff is out
called nine sweaters and you can get it over at a special thing dot com
yep now you can get it on itunes and on amazon
dot com yes
it's available in a variety of platforms as they would say platforms yet
so you now decide
mmm-hmm that the new york you've done everything that new york
uh... that that you could get out of new york
you squeeze that lemon dry
well i didn't know i i i guess i sort of did feel that way that i i had gotten
all the things that i was going to get in new york
uh...
yeah and i and i had this
naive vision that i was going to go out to l.a.
and i do want to be greedy i just want like a
uh...
good ensemble part on a sitcom
and just do it for five or six years
that's all i wanted
and i'd be making movies in the summertime and stuff and then after that after
the show got canceled i would i would move back to new york and do uh...
theater and stuff like that i would have made all the money i needed to in my
lifetime
that was my plan
that's all i wanted
so you move to l.a.
and what happens when you get there how how hard
is the slap of reality across the face of any daily very very hard as a matter
fact the the bit you just played the greatest actor in all france is sort of
based on that initial experience of moving to los angeles where i felt like
i i've been one of their go to guide on uh... kona no brian for
uh... really short bit and staring contest bit and uh... stuff like that
so surely when i get to los angeles everybody's gonna go wow
which thank god you come here to save show business
and uh...
yet not at all
not at all it was yeah it was it was a real flap in the face
and i spent a good uh... several months just kind of lying around
that the apartment that i rented
very ambitious leaf for an entire year
yes
soon enough
you find yourself
as a cast member
of mad TV yes exactly
which uh... which uh... was uh... kind of the
the mid-period of mad tv
uh...
yeah who i was there for season six and seven and they're finally shutting the
doors
uh...
after season fourteen so you're exactly right so you
the mad tv is that is like a uh...
you know it's an hour long sketch show
that that's being very complimentary
well i'm not good
this drives me nuts with people do this but i'm going to go on and go
who you run mad tv as if like
I'm better than you because I wasn't on Mad TV.
Oh, okay.
When people do that, where they're just like,
oh, I saw you in that awful movie.
You're an idiot.
It's like, well, I was in a movie
and I got paid to be in a movie
and it treated really well on that movie.
I'm sorry it didn't turn out to be,
there will be blood that I was in.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I apologize, but I'm working.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So you've got it.
I hear you.
Yeah.
You end up on Mad TV.
yeah right on what was a what was the man to be able to sum up the mad tv
experience
what was that like
uh... it was frustrating you know i never i watch
the the series premiere of man tv for fifteen minutes and then i said well you
know whoever the show is for it's not for me and i never watched it again
until they they actually saw me at the upright citizens brigade theater in
new york
and they said we want you to audition if you audition we think we're gonna
hire you we we need you on our show
and i watched it again and i thought again i was just like
people obviously like this
it's not my taste
i'm not sure
what i'm what i would do there but i was like well i'll go and i'll take their
money like i was being very cynical
but i'll go and take their money and then we'll all realize that there's a
mistake and i'll just come back and go back to the way things work
but when it was like got there
i'd my cynicism went away and i thought i have an opportunity to to be good on
television
so i want to try to do the best i can to be a breakout star of the show and be
here as long as i can and maybe make the show better
and that was you know
can't do that but
yeah both of those goals were wrong headed in their own way you know take their
money and run or change their show
so uh...
i'm just
pounded my head up against it for a while
and uh...
i don't think i ever
i get a lot of really
a bad sketches that i was not proud of and then i did a handful of sketches
that i am proud of
and uh... it ended after about a year and a half
and people come up to me every couple of months and tell me how much they love
mad t.v. and specifically how much they love bobby lee
which is always great to hear
so were you the guy in a lot of sketches who
like a mad t.v. sketch
yeah a lot of them are built like this
the bake sale
would say interior bake sale
people hustle and bustle at their different tables
extras doing great work
man man at bake sale
enthusiastically
well it's going to be the bed at best bakes that we've ever had
but who's supposed to be at this table
uh-huh
enter
recurring character too long sustained entrance applause
and then the character just goes and kind of smashes
stuff up for five minutes ruined the bake sale at which point that the
organizer of the bake sale who we met at the top of the scene
delivers a line to the effect of
you know what
i've had it
nothing is worth this i'm out of here
that was me
you were the guy who whose bake cell was being ruined yeah exactly i was the
guy taking the uh... the long uh... ridiculous order at starbucks
i was the guy trying to sell the car to the frustrating character who did
doesn't understand what a car does
and uh... i always always in my scenes i was in i always had a moment of saying
you know what
nothing is worth this i quit or that's it i'm out of here
which is a if you would say that there's a story tradition of being that guy
in
in in uh... in the vaudeville
for sure on the statement
i mean i'll tell you how that came about what i was watching man tv that summer
when they wanted to hire me one of the things that i did not like about the
show was that i felt like a lot of a lot of people were not willing to just
selflessly take the straight man part you know i felt like sometimes if it was a
recurring character at starbucks the person behind the counter starbucks
had a list and a crazy parathic
glasses and i thought that's not you were not supposed to be looking at you
you just ground the reality and let the character go crazy
so you know
i i went there with that
that was part of my agenda
and that you be
and the writers
uh... loved it because they were all go that's great you get it you get
servicing my premise
and so i think i ended up getting shoved into that role of hell of a lot
because i was willing to do it
and i did think it was a valid kind of
art form
exactly
get an argument for me
mad tv ends now you're out in the wilderness again
commercials
did a lot of commercials
i did a lot of commercials where i was just in the background
the weird time and it was it
yeah it's kind of strange like bank commercials
yeah i think there's a there's an m&m commercial that still pops up from
time to time where the actors tod stashwick is prominent in the foreground
and i'm sitting behind him in a movie theater telling to be quiet
and every once in a while here somebody say that they've seen that
the win win win win does that andy deli
become the andy deli that i'm talking to right now
well you know
right toward the end of my man to be experienced when i was pitching sketches
and they weren't biting on any of them
map better came to town
and he started doing a show at improv Olympic which was
let's get a load of this lineup
it was uh... me and that better
and pat nonswalt brian post saying
and dave keckner
and uh...
sometimes a ratio and gerry mine or a lot of the time
and he we would go up and he would say do eight minutes do whatever you want
and so i just looked at my sketch notebook interned every one of those
sketches into a monologue
and went up and perform them at this show
and that was sort of the beginning of uh...
of doing that kind of thing
which i've been doing ever since
in various rooms and then
when you can be open to theater in
l.a. i started doing ascat there regularly
and that
between those two things that seem to
turn my fortunes around
that was that was that liberating to you to all of a sudden it feel like i
don't need these sketches to be uh... to be i don't need these concepts
to be housed within a sketch
oh yeah it was amazing
it was incredibly liberating to say i i don't have to rely on anybody i'm not
even putting together a sketch show with three of my best friends who might not
be able to make it to rehearsal and get all that you know and lighting cues and
props and all that stuff it's just me and I can write it as much as I want to
write it and improvise it as much as I want to improvise it and it's all on me
and that was incredibly liberating yeah I can say though the stuff I whenever
I've been in LA I've seen you do some stuff and it's always it's always just
whenever I'm lucky enough to see you do something it's always the absolute
best stuff and the CD is fantastic it's kind of like the culmination of that
cool thank you people should really check out nine sweaters which is an
awesome record then then Sammy pro yes semi pro that was a Kent
ultimate director of semi-pro is uh...
he's one of these guys who goes and sees lots and lots of shows and he's been
seeing me since the two and he stays in your work
he's in new yorka he was he was uh...
he was the exact
on uh...
you see b on the tv show and strangers with candy
yeah he worked at comedy central for a while and then he gets his shot to direct
uh... his first movie this will ferrell vehicle and he he knew that i could
play the part of dick pepperfield
and uh...
he really wanted me to get the part
to the point where
might basically my final audition was to read the role at the table read
where will ferrell and woody harrelson
right are there and uh...
every all just a room full of a hollywood heavy hitters and it's
essentially a two-hour long audition for all those people
and you wanted
i wanted it yet i i knew i could do it and i knew it would be fun
were you in the bathroom before that talking in the mirror
like yeah i don't i was very nervous i was very nervous on the way there but i
have a weird habit of when i get really nervous
something happens where i click over into i don't care and sometimes it works
against me
because i go into auditions that i i i i feel like
the person watching me audition
goes well he really doesn't care
but that's good and there's a there's that line between when you care
Yeah, when you care too much that all it's going to affect your performance and it's like
It's the difference between having a butterflies in your stomach and
And and pure like a blinding stage fright, right? Yeah, like you have like that energy
You can turn whichever way you want. Yeah, like of that moment
You can either make it make it ruin the day and it'll it'll it'll hurt you or you just are just like hey
I'll use this energy for for what I have to you know cuz I'm gonna care I do care
Yeah, I have to like I can't care too much to where I spook myself
Right. Yeah, and I'd like to be able to control it a little more because I really do go into a mode of
I don't care about you. I don't care about this
Let me think it comes across a little bit sometimes
Well, apparently it's not stopping you from getting parts like the TV show eastbound and down
down.
These are good transition.
Thank you.
Trying so hard.
It's a little like work.
Which is you, which is an HBO series, it's going to start, when's that start?
February 15th, it premieres on Home Box Office.
I believe that's a Sunday night, and I believe we're on after Flight of the Concorde.
All right.
Yeah, right.
So you're spending down as star, as a Danny McBride.
Yeah, Danny McBride.
Yeah.
Most of the people, people, well, I wouldn't say most of the people.
certain types of people who i tell about the show they go who was the star
that i think any pride
and they're like who and then i start running down
any of the comedy movies that have been made over the past year
and they go oh yeah yeah yeah
he's been in
lots and lots of movies yes uh... you may not know his name but i think you
probably enjoyed his performances in pineapple express
and uh... tropic thunder
that's right he was in that
and this is this is you
working on this thing is it's a it's like a baseball player
like you're not the baseball player he's that he's like a old like a
x baseball player yeah exactly he's like a john rocker type of guy
uh... uh...
uh... very controversial major league pitcher who uh... everybody hates
but he's really really talented and then at some point his arm just gives out on
him in his career flames out
and he spent his money like an idiot
so we have to move home
moving with his brother
uh... and uh... teach Jim at the local junior high and i'm the
principle
we have problems
that's awesome and then they are you how it how is the show in terms of its uh...
in terms of what is the balance between
script
and
improv
uh... like you know it seems like every time i work on a comedy project it's like
we we do it once where we get the script and then from there on we just kind of
just go crazy and improvise of the directors shouting out dialogue from the
other side of the camera and uh... it ends up being you know of a pretty good
mix of the two things but we definitely did a lot of
insane improvising and there's one episode where i spend most of the
episode being drunk
and uh... those shoots were absolutely
chaotic and ridiculous partly because
uh... actress this local hire who was really great
uh... decided that to help her act drunk she would get drunk
so i think you'll see that on the screen i think that uh... i think that's quite
clear
that was a crazy day
well that's and then and then and how many episodes in the first season of
his bandana six six
yep you can see six episodes
uh... and they're really funny it's very outrageous
i don't know if you want to watch it with your parents
uh... if they're a little uptight
it gets crazy
but it's it's really hilarious
i can't wait for it
Yeah, I'm excited about it.
Now, would you be willing to take a few phone calls?
Oh, my God.
Yes.
Are you kidding me?
The phone number is 201-209-9368.
If you have a question for Andy Daley, and then later.
Yeah.
We're going to, as we wrap up the final thing,
well, we do a segment on the show now with guests
called Match Wits with Mike.
Mike is the associate producer of the show.
Yes, I'm aware.
And he is going to ask you a series of questions.
OK.
And you'll see if you can match wits with Mike.
I'm going to beat him.
I'll just say that right now.
You hear that, Mike?
Yeah.
Mike said no problem.
I'm going to embarrass him.
You're going to embarrass Mike?
Yeah, I think so.
With questions that he knows the answer to.
You just set the bar pretty high.
I will say 201, 209, 9368.
We have a question for Andy Daley.
he thinks he knows the answer to these questions
i think he knows the answer to his own question yet i'm going to open eyes a
little bit
let me ask you a question there's something i've been uh...
trying to figure out that something i'm going to do is an ongoing thing
who in your estimation
is the dumbest member
of crows we stills nash and young
uh... it's i think it's got to be steven stills
and then what what would you base that upon i saw a documentary uh... called uh...
festival at big sir
which was
fascinating
it was a it was a music festival
uh... at big sir
as the as the title implies
and it took place three months after woodstock and all ready
that the front of woodstock was over
this was it was just a pale shadow
and it was things were getting sour
and steven phil's
Some guy in the audience starts yelling at Crosby, Stills, Nash, and Young, that they're sellouts, and it's just an argument between two idiots and Stills eventually starts to run offstage to attack him, to attack the guy, and he has to be restrained by his friends, and then he gives a speech about how things got real hairy there, but I'm glad I had some friends to love me out of it.
a break that's gross
i think you've you just sealed it like this debate is over
i came loaded with a vision of that i've had it in for steven still ever since
i thought that
we're going to go to the phones now people are going to ask questions
hot dog andy deli
fm you you're on the air
hey andy hey tom this is ten from richland washington
hello how are you ten
good
uh... i was just wondering if
andy his star production on uh... new match game yet cuz i know he was
announced as a host of that
well yeah good question
uh... we found a pilot for uh... a revival of match game for t d s
back in june of o seven and uh... they did they still haven't quite made up
their mind
believe it or not
there's still sort of puzzling over whether they want that to be a part of
what they present to the public on their television channel
and uh... it's been a while
does it does it does this series mean
the uh... the uh... the death of that one that they do what do they do they
like in somebody's rec room or something
in los angeles
no they do it at the upper it is a bigger
yeah you know i i i
personally i would like to see match game live
uh...
which is hosted by jimmy parto
continue uh... to go on regardless of what happens with match game on tv but
i think uh... part of decided that uh... he didn't want to do it if it was
going to be on tv he didn't want to do it live it's going to be on tv so
we'll see it's in limbo everything's in limbo world limbo
what's not a thank you good that's a good way of putting thanks to the call
fm you you're on the air
hi this is there from baltimore
how i heard is a lot of the daily
you have a question for andrew daily but yeah
uh... i'm wondering how you come up with um... the characters uh...
because i i i'd i'd sometimes come up characters and i just kind of like
start talking like monologues
So I was wondering how you come up with the ideas.
Yeah, talking to myself is a major big part of it, for sure.
If I come up with a character, I'd just
start talking to myself in the car and at home,
went on alone, so that's definitely part of it.
But a lot of the time, I think I come up with an idea.
And the character is sort of secondary to the idea, I think.
The character just sort of develops out of the idea
a lot of the time.
You know?
Yeah.
Can I be more specific?
Does that make you happy, Sarah?
Yeah, it makes me really happy.
Have you been talking to yourself a lot?
I love the album. It's great.
Thanks a lot.
She loves the album as well, she should.
Nine sweaters.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi, Tom. Hi, Andy.
Hi. This is Andrew from Kansas City.
Andrew, what happens if somebody calls you Andy?
Well, I usually go by my last name, which is Perry, but there's a long story as to why
say Andrew on the best show now, because the first time I called up Tom and Paul is Tom
because my name was Perry, so I just figured it'd start just saying Andrew to cut out
computers.
That was a very long story.
Yes.
So hold on a minute.
Back up on this story just one second.
name is Andrew yes but my last name is Perry but you go by Perry yes so
what all right fair enough so weird world out there it's a weird world you
could you go your Twitter is under sharpling right but I'm me I know I know
but yeah call me Perry but the first time I called I said Perry and you guys
thought i said perry so i don't know what
fair enough perry
that's not very
by the way the phone number two oh one two oh nine nine three six eight
so go ahead with your question perry
well i just i just wanted to call because i'm such a a huge fan of uh...
mister dalee's work
thank you very
my questions kind of stupid i guess but
i just wanted to
talk to you i guess but uh...
i was wondering about
Where did you get the sweaters?
Like did you go out shopping for sweaters specifically
or did you like get them handed down to you?
Or do you, I'm just curious about the process.
Sometimes they were finding the sweaters
and then figuring out the character.
Yeah, sometimes the sweaters were gifts
but a lot of the time, like sort of the characters
developing and I thought to myself,
what kind of sweater with this guy where because again
i just don't want to get too complicated with the country
and so you know if a guy can be communicated
through a sweater and our girls sweater vest
i'll go out and find one of those you know
uh... and i think that's that i think you know something about a guy when he
comes out of stage in our girls sweater vest
immediately
and a lot of the time what i'm trying to do with these characters
is uh... have them seem just as sweet as apple pie when they first come out
And we learned that they're really as tart as lemon meringue.
Oh, I like that.
That's a pretty sweet part.
Turn of phrase.
They're very impressive.
I just thought your album was probably the best comedy album of the year, if not more than that.
But I especially loved the Ben Alterman bit.
thanks which i which i heard for the first time on uh...
podcast like a live podcast that you did
for guys with feelings or whatever oh yeah yeah i i was so excited to see
on the back of the cd when i got it you know
so anyway that that's it i'm sorry i'm
waiting time
but i get a caller young man
give give people a uh... a one-liner on the ban alternate call
to to go in the uh...
showbiz speak that were apparently locked into here
well that that's one
where like almost all the jokes are
are dirty
can't really
can't really are you asking me to
now i'm just saying who who is the character to tell people
he said he's a um...
he's and on the cds like a ninety two-year-old man who's going up
on stage for the first time
to do stand up and his family here to watch him
and he just goes proceeds to tell the most
uh... sexually oriented joke
yet
uh... possible it's hilarious yes
they're about as thick as can be
well thanks for the call everybody now
i forgot another chapter which uh... which uh... which also
did the word the court the the cross balls
oh yeah i love cross ball
which was a show on comedy central where it was a and you and uh...
and matt besser
jerry minor and mary bird song is uh... now on reno nine one one we were we
were sort of the regular cast of that show
that was that was a fun show
where it was a debate show format
uh... hosted by chris tallman
and uh... what we did if we had to we have real people who were experts in
their field
debating against actors
uh... who were pretending to be experts in the actors
as the show progressed their positions became more and more ridiculous
and uh... and we were reciting written jokes as though they were actual
opinions and arguments that these people had
it was so much fun i i i didn't love the prank aspect of it like at some point
we're preparing all of our characters in our arguments and i thought
this is the most hilarious show
ever too bad we have to invite these real people in
you make it uncomfortable
uh...
because i i don't love pranking people book the nice effect that that had it
made up
all of our performances
be really real and that was because you're looking across the table at a real
guy who could be going
he for real and so yeah you couldn't get too crazy now and that's that's that is
a good point that the prime the prank thing is always something that people
are uncomfortable with to everybody's got their
the point where they check out with it where they are right that's my line
as far as the prank thing goes you know it's like uh...
you've got a uh... zak alphinakis doing uh...
that show man bites dog
yeah and he's uh... he's coming apart at the seams
because he can't look these
people in the face anymore and pretend to be this guy
yeah he's going off in the in the corner
have a having a meltdown
was that it was that uh...
the blue you would have to do with you just rose above it in in certain
spots because uh...
you know what i found uh... to cope with it was that i i
all of my characters ended up
pretty charming so even though they were saying horrible things
uh... and ridiculous things but the person could at least look at me and
think well he seems like a nice
uh...
yet and uh... man there were times i would be sitting next to a truly
horrible human being
and there during the commercial break
they'd be chatting with me and and i would think
you know it's not that bad
it would have yet
like klansman practically people like that and i'm just going well this is a
human being after all
no i have too much sympathy for people
it's hard
it's hard when you're in the game
i should say this is w f m u e starage
w x h d mount hope worldwide
on the worldwide web at w f m u dot o r g this is the best shown w f m u
were joined
by andy dally uh... who's uh... see these called nine sweaters
and we've got a couple more calls and we will then we'll go to match with
with mike
f m u you're on the air
uh... i thought i'm it's uh... right from birth to virginia
iraq
uh... roger i'm sorry roger
sorry yeah
did you have a record
what happened
i have no idea so it's okay
go do you have a question for any daily roger
uh... yeah hi any
how are you
i do okay
do okay uh... actually you know if you remember me uh... back in the days of uh...
you could be theater
uh...
all indian guy who was taking classes yes i do
i don't know
i'm good how are you i don't remember anybody but i do remember you
i appreciate that you have no i was you could you were left you and uh...
second uh... not to
bring back that back story uh... you have a mainly not as much
so quite
he was the he was the guy saying is going to be the greatest bake sale ever
We were constantly competing to not be that kind of book coming back.
My question is, I guess it was great to hear that you were good at the album after your track in the CD-R or Comedy Doubtley CD.
Oh yeah.
Oh, Jerry O'Hern.
Mm-hmm.
Which was amazing.
Does that get me in my Jerry Hern or Jerry Hern?
Yeah, Jerry O'Hern.
Oh, Jerry O'Hern.
Yeah.
And it was, I mean, for those of you who don't know, it's a fan of community who used the
sticky sense of a, uh, end up without any real material.
Yeah, there's no content whatsoever.
You can never...
Exactly.
You don't know what he's talking about, but he feels very strongly about it.
And there's a lot of phrases you've heard from stand-up comics who have actual material.
But in between those phrases, those hooks and things, there's nothing.
Yes.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So I love that track and I love what you did in ninth player along with everything else.
I was wondering about whether you got a lot of backlash with around the same time for
Fred Armisen doing his Nicholas Fenn on the SNL.
You know, it was just the season premiere of SNL this year that he did that character
for I think the second time and somebody emailed me and said Fred Armisen is doing
the same thing as your bit
and uh... i checked it out i hadn't seen at the first time that he did it
and it does it comes me out a little bit because i do think they're very
similar
uh...
i know that i i was doing mine
long before i saw his i have no reason to believe
that he saw mine and and stole it i have no reason to believe
i have no reason to believe anything about it
so if you say if this is parallel thinking
i i'd say i have no reason to suspect or believe
anything in any direction what so ever
you can't be troubled with this stuff you just keep going forward yes exactly
you can't stop
andy daily
you know what no but any
but it always is the only thing that that troubled me is that somebody might
hear my bit and say
oh
he just took that from Fred Armisen yeah you know what i mean
well we will uh... work to prevent that
here here awareness
and mike can you come in here please
now somebody's telling me on the uh... the chat that we have going on is that uh...
it was not actually steven stills who who you were referring to about
the big sir movie it's uh... john sabastian from a love and spoonful incorrect
incorrect is that incorrect mike you know this stuff
did you see the big sir movie
uh...
cannot be clarified
he's wearing a big for jacket
and he's a and he's got the long blonde hair and he's on stage with the uh...
it's even still all right look
i'll fight i'll fight the person i know you look you're in a fighting mood
which is perfect
for match with with mike
mike dot i'm gonna win
do we have mike yes
are these questions of the of memory or skill or insight you're gonna find out
you're in it already there's no getting out of it happening
mike you go closer to the mike
there you go
right
here at the floor is yours mike
well i heard you talking about danny mcpride you say hi to the guy you know
how high
hello
are you
we have something in common my middle name is andrew
but uh... now i think i'm going to go with andy
how can you do that can you shorten the middle name i guess i don't think so
you know i did i just did you
Great, alright, enjoy it. Just try it on and enjoy it.
I heard you talking about Danny McBride earlier.
I've been watching the behind-the-scenes stuff on the Tropic Thunder Blu-ray.
He looks like a guy who really likes to cut loose.
Does he like to drink?
Yeah.
He does.
That's good. That's what I could tell.
And if he passed out,
do you think you could move him?
If Danny McBride passed out, and I'm all by myself, I'm the only one that can move him, I could do it.
Oh, okay, that's good.
And would you consider pulling a prank while he was passed out, like shaving his eyebrows,
nailing his pajamas to the floor, or gluing his nose to his cheek?
Not A and C, but potentially B.
And my glue is pajamas. What was nail with pajamas to the floor?
and my last question is if your nose was glued to your cheek yeah what
solve or ointment would you use to detach it well I would try olive oil
first and then I get on the internet okay yeah but my first thing I'd go I'd
reach for the olive oil that's good advice mm-hmm I appreciate that okay
Did you do this to somebody or the mic?
No. You may have noticed I'm wearing a surgeon's mask tonight.
I did notice. I was not going to bring that up.
I told you earlier it was for the snow, but there was an incident over the weekend.
I'm sorry to hear that.
I will take your advice, Andy, and check the internet.
Yeah, do you have to see what they say on the internet?
Nothing I've used so far has helped.
Oh, boy.
This is a rough segment.
I'm really sorry to hear that.
Match wits with Mike.
I'm not sure if he knows the definition of wits.
Yeah.
It's not what I thought it would be, to be honest.
I think that we might have to rename the segment,
a cry for help with Mike.
Or from Mike.
It's got a ring to it.
I like that.
You like that?
Do you have any other questions?
I have to say, I don't feel it my wits were matched.
You want a multiple choice question?
All right, yeah.
I do have a multiple choice question here.
There we go.
Who wrote the book under the volcano about a man who drinks himself to death?
A. Richard Yates, B. Roddy Doyle, C. Malcolm Lowry, D. F. Scott Fitzgerald, or E. William Faulkner?
You want to you know that's a lot of choices
Now your wits are being challenged yeah, they really are I'm gonna go be be who was big. I don't even know I
Always go be Richard Yates that's who it was no wasn't Richard. Who was it?
It was Malcolm Lowry. Oh
The other one I never heard of
Well, okay, that was a good that was a good test of my wits. Yeah, you
talk the talk the talk
yeah andy daily
i didn't walk any of the i walk the walk mike
put you i gotta say mike
be a mike mike's wits
i don't want to say it let's just make like that segment didn't happen
actually
i just let's not prolong that
anything else mike
that's it i'm not going to take this anymore
you're not going to take well mike
mike is now
he's walking out of the studio he became the straight man of that he became the
man to be straight man of that uh... segment
mike was running a bake sale
to a point
landy daily
this is a delight i thank you so much for coming on the show and then then
getting us up to speed people should know that uh... your show
eastbound and down
which starts uh... this february february fifteen i believe you said
that's right
is going to be on hb o and they can check it out
yeah you should subscribe to hb o if you don't have it and tell the person i'm
subscribing because
of andy daily
go ahead and tell them that yes
not even for eastbound and help
your cd currently available
nine sweaters you can go to a special thing dot com and find out more about that
yep
does any daily have a web presence
uh... i'm on my space
have a space
uh... so there that's going on to go there i don't update it
i don't take care of it
i i have uh... contempt for it
but go check it out
uh... that's about it for web presence
and uh...
oh no i have a facebook fan page i have a little more fun with that okay
facebook fan page please become a facebook fan
people can look into
well you know what i
i'm not a facebook fan of yours but i am a fan
uh...
awesome
thank you i'm a fan of yours and i've been enjoying the show and during your
cd
all that sweet of you to say now i will say to you
thank you
thank you for the program
thanks very good i wish you nothing but the best in all your future endeavors
and please
when you see andy sakonda please relate to him that i was only joking
about tonight's performance
but teasing him for being the least
the last half the i guess would be the last and least
now because there's only two and is only two
if you're not number one you're not exactly
more power to him in whatever he is doing
he's doing great he doesn't you know he'll be fine but you are the andy of of
this evening so i
thank you for for
for calling and being a part of the show if you can't be with the and you
love love the and you're with
run it right back that's that you see be training there you go call back city
but thank you so much thank you have a good night
andy deli
guys a call for the guys a question for all answer this question
or not
jeepers creepers
i
gonna play a song
and then i believe
after that we are going to swing it upstairs
to uh... to uh...
check in with the
boss hug session
we'll hear from them uh... very very soon let's hear something now from
the kinks
They made front pages in and it was not long ago
Oh, but now they're just a part of the crowd
And no wonder where they all are now
We'll have all the smooth numbers done
Where are the steady boys now?
Where are the steady boys now?
The real three boys with the eights
The train bikes and the blue swings
The big nicks with the arm and the load was on
And the coffee bars in the bottom
Yeah, we're going to set you bars down
I hope that our receipt is all right
I hope the Charlie Brothers had a very pleasant flight
And Jimmy Port is learned to laugh and smile
And your laughter's learned to live a life and smile
We're all the happier men now
We're all the happier men now
I stole a house bomb for the house that said it's over
And I thought they were gone
And we're on a protest line
So yeah, we were gone
Yeah, we got no trust
I wonder what it became about the rockers and the buns
Hope they're making it and they've all got steady jobs
And more but rockers said it was hard
Yeah, rock and roll still be tough
The joy of the seas is very loud, perspective in the night when the fights go down
In the sun we all grew, don't hit me tonight
All right, in the city, go down and kill us all
Insomnia
When you are fine
Red in your mind, just me
Don't mind the noise, it's all right
I'll go back to the street and relax for mine
I don't mind the noise
But last of mine, I'm leaving the world
Why someone's here, I'll turn off the air
In the sun, India
I'll kill all of you
Open it
I'm gonna take my gun and blow your head
It's from the wind you are for I
Red in your mind, and you're a beast
Don't mind the noise, it's all right
Those that you sleep with at your mind
Don't mind the noise
In South India
Don't wait to find my way
In South India
Don't wait to find
I'm going to show you how to do it.
I'm going to show you how to do it.
Yeah, best show, back again, doing it.
Just heard from Verses.
The song is called Insomnia.
their uh... fantastic uh... collection
dead leaves which had come out uh...
on the team beat
a long long time ago was a collection of the other a bunch of seven inches
compiled
on one great uh... cd before that the kinks
from preservation act one we heard where are they now
preservation act one the uh...
hidden gem in the kinks uh...
body of work
preservation act to not so hot
on earlier by the way we heard from uh... people i i forgot to back announce
the music we heard uh... in the uh...
the first set
way back uh... two hours ago
The Pazant Brothers from a great CD called the Brothers Funk Rare New York City Funk
69-75.
We heard skunk juice.
That is on the BGP label.
Ghost Face Killer from the album Fish Scale.
I'm going to say I like Fish Scale better than Supreme clientele.
How about that?
I know.
Right?
shocking.
Blast for me, but I'm saying that we heard the champ and starting us off Paul and Linda
McCartney from the Ram album, Three Legs, an album that every member of this audience
should get to know. You'll realize in a few months what I'm talking about.
Boop, boop, boop, boop, boop.
Man, I want to thank Andy Daley for being a part of the show. That was great.
For anybody who didn't know who he is, in a couple months when this HBO show starts,
You're gonna go back, you're gonna listen to the interview,
and you're gonna go, ahhhhhh, now it makes sense.
For the people who made sense to already, yes, you say yes, it makes sense today.
For others it will make sense in February and March.
Did you get to it, did you get to it?
It all makes sense.
Eventually, I'm what Malcolm Gladwell would refer to as a, uh,
Cool dude. I think in one of his books, he talks about the cool dude
who turns people on to other things.
I'm gonna write one of those books.
That, if I'm gonna write a book, I'm gonna write this novel on Twitter, by the way.
Go to twitter.com slash sharpling, sign up,
follow me, and you can follow this book as it's written one sentence at a time.
But that's the kind of book I should be writing where it's like all you need
Five stories from real life
Like hey, here's a weird fact. Did you know that uh?
This car dealership
When all the other car dealerships
Went out of business this one was doing better than the rest of you find a few of those
And then you just come up you figure out some is some dopey theory behind it
like I would call it like like the the menu it's like yeah everything fits in
a menu because your order it's like first you start with the appetizers the
soups and salads and whatnot. Then you go to the main course of life and then you
go to the desserts. Just fit everything to like that Malcolm Gladwell type thing.
Are we ready? Yes, sir. Are we ready to say hi to Boss Hog?
Hold on wait a minute. Let me set up a studio big. I'm gonna do this. When I do
this yes this up you're going to introduce them I am say boss hog say boss hog
gentlemen okay doing an ambush all right all right when now hey can you
hear me we are on the radio I hope nobody says anything bad can they hear
I'm hoping they can.
Hello, boss, honk.
I'm ready when you are.
Just go ahead and introduce them, and they're going to pin mine off.
Hey, everybody.
We're very excited to have here on the Best Show on WFMU
a band that has reformed.
It's very exciting.
They are going to be playing the Bowery Ballroom tomorrow,
December 17th.
But you can hear a preview of their session that will be on the cherry blossom
clinic this Saturday between three to six
uh... on uh... the 20th
cherry blossom kunig with terry tea but it's my pleasure now to introduce
the in newly and excitingly reformed boss hog
what
oh i don't know
i don't play the song
Born a
father
on
don't feel good
murder
Oh baby
return him
highly
highly
But
You may
You
You won't
Make it fall
What's
Make it feel
It's
Make it feel
It's
Make it feel
It's
Make it feel
It's
Make it
And I'll make you
Whoa, you were wonderful
For you
Well, this is your mouth
Now this is your mouse
And this is your mouse
Whoa!
That's so cool
Make it hard
Hold on
Now
We're supposed to be
Let's go!
Let's go!
You're playing along a bunch of things
You're such a lucky guy to tell
But she's a two-eyed kid
You're such a two-eyed kid
You're fun, you're fun
You're fun and you are in there
Oh, girl, girl, girl
It's easy now
One, two
Yes!
No!
I hate your life, well I do too, I just do the things you've got to write, to feel yourself
Cause you think I'm gonna take that gun, you're gonna do it, I'm gonna make a bill, cause I don't care
Watchin' you, suicide, suicide, suicide, suicide
My name is Zee-Zah
One...
Two...
I'm...
You!
You're right!
Turn like a dance!
This is solid!
Our sister is gone!
Yeah!
This is solid!
You're right!
I'm right!
This is the song.
This is the song.
Yes, that's right. Thank you. Thank you, boss hog
for playing two songs for us
Everybody's excited tomorrow night playing at the Bowery ballroom
Is it I think it is over. No, it's just practice, right? All right. Thank you boss hog. I
Don't think they can hear me so
in the name of safety. I'm going to let everybody know we just heard boss hog a preview of the set
that is going to go on on the cherry blossom clinic this saturday from three to six p.m.
hosted by terry t we heard uh fix me and ski bunny and that was uh super hot boss hog lightening up
This is a show of many, a coat of many colors, some would call it.
A little bit of this, a little bit of that, got the end of the alley, got the boss hog.
It's like an old timey, uh, variety show.
But now we get back to the crummy, best show on WFMU.
Whomp whomp.
So anyway, we have one half hour left.
Not even a half hour.
Twenty-eight minutes left in the show.
a best show controversy going on are you aware of this mike
apparently
last week on the show zak alphinakis our special guest
said uh... he made a little uh...
who's part of a show called marin v cedar with the with uh... our friend uh...
sam cedar
And it's some dude calls their show, which is a vlog talk show.
Not a vlog.
It's a video talk show.
It's online.
You watch it, and it's Sam Cedar and Mark Marin talking
about the issues of the day.
And it's very funny.
I'm a fan of both of those guys.
So there's this one little joke, and it's some dope calls,
and it's like, and gets it completely wrong.
Tells Mark Marin, hey boo boo boo, Zach, boo boo boo.
Gets it completely wrong.
Sets Mark Marin into a tirade
where he's going off on Zach.
It shows all about peace, everybody.
is not a trouble-making show
is not a troublemaker i'm not a troublemaker i'm not looking for trouble i do
not make trouble on the show
nor do i look for it
i do not seek it i do not desire it
this guy goes off on this time i'm like holy guacamole listen to that
he was sending that guy into his hate pit
but hopefully
calmer heads uh... and cooler heads that matter will prevail
and peace can be reestablished within the uh... alternative comedy community
Fm you, you're on the air?
Ooh, all the nerdy comedians are going to riot and meet each other up.
Yeah, how about that?
Who's this?
What's up, cheap phone?
Was that all that that guy wanted to say?
That good for him.
for that guy. I'm not gonna make trouble with that guy. Look, that guy is trapped within
his skin. That guy has to live with that all the time. Look, no offense. These people
see me. They all want to be me. All of them. All want to trade places. It's not gonna happen.
This is not 18 again.
This is not vice versa.
We are not in some wish fulfillment fantasy where you can change a place with another
human.
I built myself into this.
You think I was born this way?
That's the biggest loser on two feet.
Then I looked in the mirror, I splashed some cold water on my face, and I said, you, sir,
are going to go for it each and every day, no matter what the consequence, you're going
to go for it.
23 minutes left, the topic on the table is, ba-da-da-da-da-da-da.
Who is the dumbest member of Crosby's Stills Nash and Young?
201, 209, 9368.
Everybody's got an opinion.
Andy Dally weighed in, he said it's Stephen Stills.
Could it be Neil Young?
Is Neil Young dumber than you think?
Maybe it's the dimwitted Graham Nash
with his bad our house type songs.
Who is it?
Or is it Crazy David Crosby?
two oh one two oh nine nine three six eight who is the dumbest member of Crosby
Stills Nash and young I don't know how anybody can't be depressed by this by
this Jay Leno taking over five nights of NBC now a week that is the most
depressing development in television I can imagine. Five nights of that that
swill tying up your television. That's like NBC getting out of the
television business. FMU you're on the air. Stephen Stills. Stephen Stills.
He's as dumb as David Crosby is smart. And why is this? Let me
First of all, let me do this. I'm putting it on my paper, a C, an S, an N, and a Y, and the votes are going to be tabulated.
So he is as dumb as what?
As David Crosby is smart.
Wow.
Or at least articulate.
All right, fair enough.
So we have two votes for stills.
201, 209, 9368, FMU, you're on the air.
Hi, Tom. How you doing? I'm doing right. Who's this? It's Andrew and Philadelphia. Andrew in Philadelphia quality caller. Thank you
It's nearly young
And why do you say it's nearly young? I love Neil young but just for the fact that you got mixed up with those jokers
You want to know what that might be?
The greatest point ever that this guy signed on to play with the three dump who is done the dumbest one here?
the
three dummies or
The smart guy who goes into business with three dummies for 35 years. That's right
Solid point. Thank you Andrew. I've got sorry to cut you off there, buddy
201-209-9368 who's the dumbest member of Crosby stills Nash and young FM you you're on the air
I gotta say Nash you got to say Nash. Why Nash?
Because he's the only one that hasn't been James like you have just now. I did it again Tom. I swear I did it
It's because I can't help it that guys
You on the set heart I talked to this guy now James aka Jeremy I talked him on email
This guy's the most helpful guy with behind-the-scenes stuff on the show
You don't know I'm gonna let that slide you wanna know this is gonna hurt him the most right now
There is no such thing as James and me because he's welcome to call and do that
His vote counts though Nash
So right now in the the tally for who's the dumbest member of Crosby stills Nash and young
Two for stills one for Nash and one for young
201 209 9368 who is the dumbest member of
Crosby stills Nash and young
Let's find out. Your vote counts on this. Let's start my Twitter novel this week, twitter.com
slash sharpling. Not yet. The title will be revealed when the book, when the writing
begins. You think this topic would have gotten the phones glowing like lightning bugs. Yes,
this topic was like a comet. All four phones were lit up instantly and then now we have
not received one phone call. I thought I hit hit on the ultimate topic because within
fifteen seconds every phone line was lit up
two oh one two oh nine nine three six eight who was the dumbest member of
Crosby stills nash and young
fm you you're on the air
hey who's this
it's james in the south orange
how are you james
i'm good it's weird to hear you say james and i'm not going to scream
you've got james or anything like that
Uh, I gotta say David Crosby.
You say David Crosby, why is that?
Well, somebody's got to say David Crosby, but also, I mean, the guy, you know, drank
himself into oblivion, like destroyed his liver, it's pretty stupid, you know?
Fair enough.
Alright, I thought you'd appreciate that, so.
I appreciate it.
There's the vote.
Thanks James.
Who would be the dumbest member of Crosby, Stills, Nash, Young, and Fredricks?
if that guy was in uh...
crows be stills nash and young
fm you you're on the air
hello
nothing
two oh one two oh nine nine three six eight
fm you you're on the air
tom yes
it's paycheck in toronto oh it's paycheck this is a a super caller
oh yeah uh... power caller whatever it's called
i've got uh... dual citizenship i got both you do
uh... i want to say david crowsy the dumbest
and what would make you who you were a bit of a uh... rock scholar
yes paycheck and uh... i'd actually pull up the uh...
copy of shaky
who uh... by jim McDonough i know i know where you're going with this
and uh... he said
david crowsy once said the reason that
kneel young toward a crazy horse instead of
uh... cs and why was because
we caught too much money
not because crazy horse is awesome yet it's just that it came down to a
dollar defense he was a guy
crows be as a guy who openly
blasted crazy horse
like he's playing with these idiots
yeah these guys did they're not very good
meanwhile
it doesn't get it doesn't get it
you want to know what uh... paycheck
much like your handle
you
our money in the bank
happy holidays on
same to do you guys have christmas up there
yeah but it's like it's like i think it's going to be early we already had it
yet i'm going to get it
you take care of it
two oh one two oh nine nine three six eight who's the dumbest member of crows
we stills nash and young fm you you're on the air
hi who's this
uh... stonin forda
how are you ston
i'm doing great your real name isn't ston is it
uh... it is actually a what you're going to go where you are you born into a
family of weathermen
uh... of sorts
will go ahead and say that
uh... you know i'm going to go ahead and jump on the david crowd retrained
what what what is your reasoning behind that
uh... could be gave a sperm to melissa after it
fair enough
toilet mouth
it's sick
that talk
disgusting
my running here
my running
are we forty second street now
the quality radio show for the family
and you got that uh... pre-vert
and they've done so many combinations cross we stills nash and young like
when young won't join them it's either
cross we stills a nash
there is a cross b nash album i believe
is there a cross b nash album mike
there is a cross b nash album right
is there a stills young album
so these guys have
almost done every combination
fm you're on the air
hey tom it's mike and i'm doing and i'm doing all right how are you mike
uh... pretty good pretty good
so i do uh... let you know that the
since that so that caused me still the nash guest are on it's going to be on
about thirteen minutes though what a coincidence
is it a coincidence
uh...
or is it viral marketing
i'm a member from Fox what can i say
so tell me young man do you have a vote on this
uh...
you know
all three of three-way ties for uh...
there are no such thing as three-way ties
fm you you're on the air
he's kind of with it
hey who's this
P.D.?
As it goes.
I've spoken to you before, right?
Yep.
How are you, young man?
Oh, okay.
How about you?
Doing okay.
Sorry about having called in a couple of weeks.
That's okay.
Yeah.
A big kind of busy for all day.
You can do what you want because you have earned senior big wig status around here.
Okay, thanks.
So have you, Tammy?
You were here.
Well, I am.
I'm not seeing your big wig.
I am.
You are the big wig.
I'm the I'm I'm I'm I'm everything you don't even have a wig because you're so big the world doesn't exist without me
So anyway, you do you have an opinion on this piece? Yeah, I actually do
Who do you think is the dumbest member of Crosby stills Nash and young? Yeah?
Well, you know, I don't really have much of a knowledge on the country music, but I would have to say young
just because
He's so young and you know, he's gonna stay young forever
So I think like he's not gonna grow up. He's just gonna be ignorant forever. So he's probably done this one
You want not to say that
That vote counts. That's a sad part about this. That's not sad. I have a valid opinion
Just like in America anyone can vote
Yeah
You're not old enough to vote yet. Are you? Oh, no, I got um another month. Mm-hmm
I'm gonna be 18.
What?
I'm gonna be rocking it out.
You're gonna be cars around.
You're gonna be 18.
Do you have your driver's license yet?
No.
Are you gonna get it?
I failed the permit.
I mean, I failed the driver's license test.
Do you need help?
Do you need help with that?
I think I just could let him do yoga more.
Because you what?
I didn't do yoga.
I'm sure, yeah.
That's what I did.
And also I came directly from school.
Well, I'm gonna say this.
It doesn't work that way.
I don't want you to get a driver's license
if you have to do yoga before every time you get behind the wheel to drive
to drive properly
there's also this gap that we've said when we're meditating it's like
when you get in the car
realize that you are the car and if the car goes fast you go fast
yeah
so it makes you more aware when you're driving you should never drive
you should never drive
i hope you never get your your driver's license with that talk
do you think when you turn on the mission
he fell
fm you you're on the air
a-time it's right from bristo again
rory from bristo how are you rory
i'm sorry it is a roger i think it's a bad connection
okay roger how do you have a vote on this
i do i was looking to try to figure out who's responsible for american
dream
and i got to get new york that's where my vote is
all right new york is tied with cross-beat
Thanks for the call, Rory.
He's tied three for Crosby, two for Stills,
one for Nash, three for Young.
Who is the dumbest member of Crosby, Stills, Nash, and Young?
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi, Tom.
Hi, who's this?
This is Power Collar, Erica, for all of you.
Power Collar, how are you tonight?
I'm great.
Do you go to vote for us?
I do, and it was based on the earlier Collar opinion
of Neil Young, yep.
I'm so young.
No, no, not Petey.
And his driving mysticism.
The thing is the young is so young and he'll always be young.
Yeah, Petey needs to slow down, he's gonna burn out young.
That's what meditation does to the human brain.
If so, keep me away from it.
This is my meditation.
I don't think so, I don't think so.
I grab, I grab an eight ball from pool table and I squeeze it.
It's going to either it'll break or my fingers will break. That's my philosophy. I'm going to keep squeezing that thing till it breaks
That's some pretty heavy meditation. It is. Yes
So, uh, who who do you think is the dumbest member of crows? We stills gnashing? Yeah, Neil Young because he played with those guys
Fair enough. He's in the lead. Yes. Unbelievable. Thank you, Eric. Bye
Did you ever think Mike?
You would see a day when this topic was put on the table and Neil Young would be in the lead
201-209-9368 the bands are on the new bootleg. No, I have not
Is that the one from the late 60s?
Let's get some more calls here
he was very good
fm you you're on the air
crosby's a dumb mister sure and why is that
uh... just a mustache alone
okay the fact that he would choose to grow that mustache
that in that particular fashion yes
that that you have that mustache that's like a uh... mario brothers
you should play one of the mario brothers in that movie
he may have he may have been uh... the original uh...
you know inspiration
thank you very much
two oh one two oh nine nine three six eight who was the dumbest member of
Crosby stills Nash and young
I can't believe that people are going to watch jail and oh five nights a week
what is that
ten o'clock oh it's talk show time
then a half hour of the news, then another talk show,
Conan O'Brien, then another talk show, Jimmy Fallon,
then another talk show, Carson Daly,
then they show celebrity poker for three hours,
then the Today show starts, and that's six hours
of people talking, all they need on NBC right now
is a show called Afternoon.
And they can literally have,
today goes into Afternoon, which goes into Tonight,
and then it's tonight,
Then it's late, then it's later, come on NBC, you're better than that, 201-209-9368.
Who was the dumbest member of Crosby, Stills, Nash, and Young?
Not in cold on this one.
Either the phones are all lit up, or these calls trickle in, or they're dead like they
are now.
This is embarrassing.
Boom, boom, boom.
I've never seen the phones this silent.
Unbelievable.
polarizing
if i'm you you're on the air
hey Tom hey who's this Dan Dan from Manhattan from Manhattan how are you Dan
i'm doing fine thanks
uh... do you have a do you have an opinion on this
yeah i do
um... actually
cross-beat it's got to be the most stupid
person bob
and why is that
well let's remember back what eighty two eighty three he got arrested for
having a gun
yes where was it he was in texas
everybody has a gun
how can you be arrested
in texas
for having a gun when everybody else has one yet with the with any have it
in his mouth like was he holding the handle in his mouth but you're right
Texas everybody's a wacko walking around the gun in Texas why do you think they
have a town called wacko oh I'm sorry wake up whoa look out hey now so you vote
201, 209, 936, 8, only 4 minutes left!
And then Evan Funk Davies comes in, and he's got an exciting show planned for you, which
I'll tell you about in a couple minutes.
FMU, you're on the air.
Yeah, I vote Crosby.
Yeah, well why do you vote Crosby?
Oh.
Internet of the voting booth on the heck I.
I vote Crosby.
2-0-1-2-0-9-9-3-6-8
FEMU, you're on the air.
Okay, they're all equally dumb.
So you want to call for everyone?
Yeah, because they've all agreed to play with each other.
It looks like a pack of idiots.
You want to know what?
You might be dead on with that.
All four of them look at the other three and say, yeah, all right.
Yeah, I mean, that's all I got.
All right, thanks for the call.
Unfortunately you cannot vote four times.
This is a point you could make though, for stills.
Steven Stills is in Buffalo Springfield with Neil Young, which was his group and he watched
it slowly get taken over by Neil Young.
Then the group breaks up.
Steven Stills goes and gets his own thing going, Crosby Stills and Nash.
Enormous!
They're so huge, right off the bat.
He's got his own thing now.
So what does Steven Stills do?
After he went through it and a struggle with this other guy, Neil Young, over who ran this
band, Stephen Stills had his thing.
Now, Crosby Stills Nash, Neil Young would never even be a fraction as popular as Crosby
Stills Nash.
Stephen Stills says, you know what we should do is invite Young to join the group.
And Neil Young promptly takes over his second group.
The other point why I think I would vote for Stephen Stills on this.
The song Love the One You With.
Love the One You're With.
Had a guitar solo on it, recorded by Who, Mike.
Originally the original version of it.
Oh, uh, you ever hear of Jimi Hendrix?
Jimi Hendrix came in and did a solo for that song.
Played on it.
Stephen Stills says to himself,
You know what I think this song needs?
I'm going to take this Jimi Hendrix solo off.
And in its place, I am going to play steel drums on this record.
FM you're on the air. I am I'm definitely going for Nash on this one. I'm up. Wow
that's a new guy. I don't like that guy a little bit. I guess that's the way it
goes when the show gets more popular. I'm gonna have guys like that now that the
shows getting bigger and bigger and bigger. It is. These morons are off from
college. That might be one of the H-man's dumb friends. I think there's like some
crossover now. The H-man's college, look the H-man is a great guy. He's not dumb.
This is one of the smartest young men I've ever met. But this crew he rolls
with? Oh, bully. FMU, you're on the air. Hey, Tom, I agree with that. That was
ridiculous. Like, what was up with that guy? I don't see. I don't like a guy who's
talking too much about that guy means he's about to be that guy. Yeah. So I guess
This Crosby is as voted by you people tonight.
The dumbest member of Crosby stills Nash and Young.
This is WFMU, East Orange, WXHD, Mount Hope.
Worldwide on the World Wide Web at WFMU.org.
Please stay tuned for Evan Funk Davies, who is going to have tonight a very exciting guest.
Well let me thank Andy Daley for coming on the show, very great, CD Nine Sweaters, available
over at www.specialthing.com.
Thank you to Boss Hog for playing a couple songs on the show, you can hear a full set
from them over on this Saturday on the Cherry Blossom Clinic hosted by Terry T, 3-6 p.m.
Or go see them live if you're in New York at the Bowery Ballroom tomorrow.
Kevin Funk Davies has his own exciting guest lined up.
Mick Mars is going to be on this show
talking all about his line of skin creams.
It's a very exciting thing.
It's a line of skin creams for men,
so that you can get that
the skin texture of Mick Mars,
the guitarist from Motley Crue.
And Evan is going to be receiving a like a facial from Mick Mars on the air tonight,
which is going to be exciting.
Mick is going to come into a little makeup treatment on Evan, a little stuff under the
eyes, get those cheeks rosy red, sit back in the makeup chair.
Nick Wansa, you want a facial too?
Mike is going to undergo the treatment also.
So please, if you are concerned about skin care and you wish you could have that Mick
Mars glow, stay tuned.
Evan Funk Davies is going to have him in studio as his special guest.
Best show we'll be back next week with our Christmas extravaganza.
Thank you everybody, and remember, twitter.com slash sharpling, the book begins this
This week.