...
...
The
S radio show ever. Hey, who's this?
I am Buddy Shale of Governor Valentine.
Hi, it's Gerald Palmer. Tom Sharpling, Governor of party.
Hey, Tom, it's Purple Source. Hey, Tom, it's Mark Michaels.
This is Richard Corg. What's your name?
Baron. Baron. Baron. And what's inside the two?
The two.
Firecry.
Maurice Kurz.
Horrifying.
Big Thomas Bruce.
Johnny.
Who's this?
Gingervitis.
Gingervitis.
Yes, they have Rick Filoni at the wall.
I go to wood.
I hate you.
It's Peter.
Hey, it's Steinberg.
Do all creepy and I'm hanging upon you.
Boing.
Roger Depp.
My name is Ollie Fairnock.
I'll say it.
You'll hear it.
You'll do it.
I'll get it.
You'll learn it.
I'll live with it.
And you'll die without it.
Master Trash.
There's a call to people.
Good day.
What's up, Tom?
It's Tristan.
Hey, it's Michelle.
Yeah, Tom.
This is Jim Riffle.
How you doing?
When I get to do the toilet talk now.
The bar feel of the new century.
My name is Tom Riley.
I'm calling from New Zealand.
Hey, man.
It's Bryce.
That's a tent pole.
It's a tent pole show.
Hey, this is Tedlia.
What?
This is Pete from the Future.
Hi, Tom.
It's DJ Terry Chase.
Hey, from Knoxville.
Super caller.
It's Officer Tom.
My name is Mike Zajak.
Get off my phone.
I don't care.
phone I don't care and this is if you can man I'm going to go to bed now
I found a trauma score score how are you I was in a band and then in the early
90s my name is Jerry Page my name is Jeffrey Ludell it's a fat disease
wilder ragged night isn't it the disenfranchised ever home now I'm the
hero of the disenfranchised
In the best show, I want you got to do it
Turn on your radio down
Don't shout, give it a purpose smile
I'm holding some water into the best show
I'm telling you that I'm in the best show
I'm telling you that I'm in the best show
If you'd like to try, go ahead and sing all the songs
All the songs, all the songs, all the songs
And you'd send that back, I'd talk to him to the praise of
Whoa, but you don't have any
The best show, don't you have any
The best show, don't you have any
The best show, I'm telling you to have any
The best show, I'm telling you to have any
Ah, ah, ah, ah.
I
Let's go to the bottom
Let's go to the side floor
How is it the back yard
Oh, let's go to the corner
Why we're going to the car
Why we're going to the car
Ooh
Down the road out of the road
I'll be right back in a few minutes.
I'll be right back in a few minutes.
So
So
We're going to be doing the best we can ever do.
We're going to be doing the best we can ever do.
That's the difference
Why you don't like it?
Why you don't like it?
Ooh
Down the road
You're so hot, Jesus and me So you're blue, but I can't take your
The chance on a chick like you
It's something I couldn't do
There's that look in your eyes
I can't breathe in your face
That you're feeling so driving you off
I'm a puller only in charge
Well, I can dance when you're hungry
And then think it's funny
That's your mother know that you're out
And I can chat with your baby
That's a little baby
That's your mother know that you're out
Take it easy
Take it easy, better show that girl
That's no way to go
That's your mother know
Take it easy
Take it easy
Try to quit girl
Take it nice and slow
That's your mother know
I can't see what you want, but you seem pretty unto the searching for that kind of bond
So maybe I'm the one
Maybe I'm so cute, I like your style
And I don't know what you mean when you're giving me a bunch of that smart smile
But girl you're only in shock
Well I could dance when you heard it, if you think it's funny
I still want to know that you're out
Now I can shout when you're ready, play a little bit
I still want to know that you're out
Take it easy, take it easy, better show that I'm gone
That's no way you'll go
That's no way you'll go
Take it easy, take it easy, try to cool it, girl
Take it nice and slow
That's no way you'll go
Well, I could dance with your money
If you think it's funny
You'll still want to know that you're right
And I could chat with your baby
Burn little baby, don' still more than know that you're out
Burn your pants with your heart, baby
Black two Hair, you're real big as morning
Yeah, you know, I think you're just such sour grapes. I'm not even a huge Bob Dylan fan at all
But you don't you don't say hi. You don't say hi. Well, hi. Hello. Oh, I'm sorry
Just put you put you out there to say hello
Well, geez, I mean
You're so busy ripping everybody to shreds what it when you care whether I say hello because I'm a polite person. Oh, okay
So I can't have it if I can't have an opinion
Um yeah you can have an opinion okay I'm sorry you can have an opinion but I
just feel like you're being a provocateur. Sounds like you have an opinion. Well yeah I
only want to have opinions. Um of course but I just think you're having an
opinion to have an opinion. I dropped 950 on this thing. You give me my money back I can do my
opinion. I went to see it twice. I went to see it in the Woodstock Film Festival. I paid $20 for
there and now I just went to see it the other day and I'm I think I could see
it again. Oh great I'm glad you enjoyed it. I didn't. You can't understand that.
I didn't like it. It's really not about who Bob Dylan is. It's about who we think
he is. I know that sort of archetype for us. But you don't think I couldn't figure
that out? Well obviously it didn't mean anything to you. No obviously I didn't
enjoy it. I just didn't like it. Okay well tell me why. I just talked about it
for 35 minutes. I think that was before I tuned in.
Oh, so wait a minute. You're gonna now, you're gonna get on me, I just talked about the
movie and you didn't hear me talk about it. Right, I got to listen to you.
Yeah, I guess so. Yeah, right, go!
The best show
Don't start off again
Don't control the queen
When you reach him for the top show
There is an ending to pain
Don't wait until the future comes up
The best show
Double U F F
The best show
Double U F F
The best show
Double U F F
But that's how
But that's how I'm going to end
That's how I'm going to end
Bonstand home Ooh you wish
Bonstand home Ooh you wish
The wind?
Bonstand home
I'm going to vlog yet, Mike.
I'm going to get some mild game this evening, Mikey.
No?
Please?
What am I crying about?
Stop it.
Oh, let's get this all over.
I got places to go tonight.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, Tom.
What's going on?
Oh, I can't wait for Thanksgiving.
Yeah, it's exciting.
48 hours, the clock is ticking now.
Yes.
Soon.
Soon.
You excited about my guest tonight?
John Hodgman coming in?
Yeah, so that's the reason why I call.
Well, Thanksgiving was the first.
OK.
I'm glad you mentioned him.
uh... i was watching uh... that's not the best shelter
comp parlach compkins what's the name of that show i love the whatever's
the best week ever
okay
and uh... hodgeman was a guest on the show
yes i saw that
not the paul wanted to talk to him but he was a guest
paul was mad about that i think he was seriously mad about that
i didn't understand why he didn't want him on the show but i don't either
show business people are weird
yet and at the next time he comes on the show what he didn't want hot
on the show next time he's here i will
but it
you know it was a funny show
but i didn't get the uh... george whipple
doing the entertainment news now
but it found it interesting
okay anything else interesting
What do you have for Thanksgiving? Where are you going to have Thanksgiving, first of all, which diner?
Oh, no, Donna. Just with my family.
Okay. And do they know you're coming?
Of course.
And do they know that you consider them your family?
Yes.
And where is that, if you don't mind saying?
Oh, they live in Queens.
Okay.
It's very exciting.
What are you going to bring? Are you bringing anything that you're making?
Uh, no, I don't cook.
You don't do cooking?
I, I caught but not not big dinners like Thanksgiving or Christmas dinner or anything like that.
What are you going to bring then? Jarr of, uh,
Oh, some sparkling, some sparkling cider.
Mm.
That sounds good.
You're really going to carry your weight here on Thanksgiving.
Yes, but that's what I do.
You should bring that every Thanksgiving.
So that's what you're known for.
Excuse me.
That's what you're known for.
Yeah.
The sparkling cider.
Uh-huh.
Somebody wants me to do a review of Twilight.
I don't care about this.
Somebody wants him to do a review of Twilight.
Do you want to hear Spike do a review of Twilight, Mike?
Yeah, neither do I.
FM you, you're on the air.
Hey, Thomas, Frank, so we're talking. How's it going?
Eh.
What's going on?
Not two things one just wanted to congratulate you on the the article this past week in the onion
Yes, I was reading through it. Congratulations hard for that. I appreciate the congratulations
Second what are your Thanksgiving plans? What are you doing for the the holiday? None of your business. Let's
Get the show underway. We just heard Abba from the Vule Vue album. We heard does your mother know?
classic
classic sung by Bjorn
throws people for a loop when Bjorn sings one
that's right the only single that Bjorn sang
the only single that Bjorn sang
and before that
Clearedence Clearwater Revival from their their song Ramble Tambal from one of their albums
Now included on the box set
Called Credence Clearwater Revival
Now I have a very exciting show plan for everybody tonight here on WFM you we stars WXHD Mount Hope worldwide on the world wide web at WFM you
dot o-r-g this is the best show on w f m u three hours of mirth music and mayhem
actually not three we just heard the music part there will be no more music
tonight I brought two CDs in the studio and I've played both of them unless people
want to hear railroad jumper by creatives should I play railroad jumper
Mike? Yes? You want to hear railroad jumper? You don't want me to get to the show. I'm not
going to play railroad jumper. Where are you spending Thanksgiving, Mike? Okay. Are you
making anything? No. Same category as Spike. Realizing I don't find anyone's
thanks-get-through stories interesting at all. No offense, Mike. You're gonna
bring the beer. What kind of beer? An assortment? Your Mike's brother likes the
Fancy stuff. What what what is the fancy stuff?
What's that?
Yeah, whoa
Anything else
So you bring some Sierra Nevada
Again, I'm telling you I got to do something about Mike. I'm gonna I'm not even gonna whisper it anymore. I
Am so fed up
I'm telling you before every show this is a second week in a row he's done it
you're gonna talk about Jonestown you're gonna talk about Jonestown I'm not gonna
talk about Jonestown this is weird what do you want me to do take calls about
Jonestown it's like you know that the anniversary was last week where yeah
Where were you when you heard? Leave me alone. Phone's going off.
Oh, buddy, who's this? I gotta get my bearings. So anyway, enough with the
credence, enough with Thanksgiving, enough with definitely enough with
Jonestown. I gotta get a new guy over there, screening the calls. He's just
throwing the whole thing. I think he spooks the good calls now. FMU, you're on
the air. Hey, this is Gibby from Manchester. How you doing? Who? Gibby. Gibby from
where? Manchester. Oh, stop. This is a fake voice. No, no, this is real. You're
really from England. I'm really from England. What time is it right now? About 25 plus one.
25 past one. About. You're right? I think. I'll take your word for it. Thank you. How are you?
Doing okay. What's going on with you? I'm about to about it. It's pretty late. Just been
rehearsing with the band. You have a band? I do, yeah. What band? We're called Total Victory.
I like that.
Thank you.
Total victory.
Yes.
And what's your music like?
Like all, is it all triumphant?
Is every song?
Well, it's more, I suppose it's supposed to be, but it could have not been an ironic
name if it was not good.
I mean, do you do cover songs?
Like, we are the champions?
No, no.
No?
I know this is the first call, but I had a little bone to pick with you.
Okay.
Trembling Eagle, why have you put one of their iron brotherhood in the pants?
One of the what?
The iron brotherhood.
The iron brotherhood.
I don't even know what that is.
Well, it's a little splinter grip that Trembling Eagles try to form on the board.
Oh, I have no idea.
It's trembling eagles this kid who calls, who's out of his gourd, and I finally couldn't
take it anymore because he called me a fat blob last week.
I'm not fat.
I think he was being sincere.
He wasn't.
He's telling me to start weightlifting.
He's a good guy, you know, it just seems like you and him have got off on a bad foot.
Who's that on?
Who's that on?
Who do you know better?
Me or him?
That's true.
That's true.
you know how many hours of you have a little bit how many hours have you
listened to trembling eagle
uh...
okay
but that's why you could give him a chance
give him a chance
sick of this
what am i what am i what is this this
i'm the bad guy now it's like it's like an episode of all the family
no i'm the bad guy because i don't want to let the ex-con work in my house
No, it's like Schindler's List, where Schindler goes to go for his days, you know.
I'm not going to go there.
Remember on all those sitcoms, the normally-er sitcoms, where it was like the guy who was
against the ex-con was like being in their house, it's like, hey, this guy wants to fix
up our attic.
And then like Archie would be like, have second thoughts, maybe, about it.
And then he was like the villain of the thing, because he didn't want to let the ex-con have
free reign over his home, because no questions asked.
Those days are coming back.
Now I'm that guy.
I'm Archie Bunker now.
Well, I don't like the that sound that five seconds exists.
I know I'm going to hear that clip thrown back in my face.
So we have an exciting show planned for you tonight.
John Hodgman is going to be in the studio very soon.
He is en route now.
He's the author, the actor, the commercial endorsor.
He's going to talk all about his new book.
More information than you require.
Oh, sweaty.
The run, Mike, where were you, Mike?
make me run all up and then the stairs, strike two.
This call judges your fate right now, Mike.
This call, whether you will be escorted from the building.
Mike's begging them right now to do a good job.
So I went to this movie, It's Connected in New York
on yesterday in Princeton, New Jersey.
I went to the two o'clock show.
I go into the theater.
Get there nice and early.
I'm there when they're showing the questions,
when you have to answer the questions like,
which one of these hunks?
There was a question, actually, which one of these hunks
job as a chef before he was an actor. And the answer was Jake Gyllenhaal, by the
way. So I'm sitting in there getting comfortable. The only one in the theater.
Now I'm nervous about this movie. I just have a bad feeling about this one going
into it. Bad feeling. So I'm sitting there. Then I'll sudden five old ladies
walk into the theater. Five old ladies. And they're talking so loudly. Like, oh, are you
going to see the movie? Like this ridiculously chit-chatty conversation. And then I said to
myself, I'm not going to see this showing of the movie. I think I'm going to go to the
next one. Because I can only picture. When I saw Magnolia many years ago, it was me and
two old ladies in theater, and all they did was just talk about the movie, during the
movie. When the frogs fell, they were all but asking me to turn around so we could have
a little group meeting about it. Let's figure this out together, ladies. I suppose we yell
up to the projection and ask them to stop it for five minutes. We're going to figure
this out down here when I wave my arm turn it back on so I was like I'm gonna
see a different show now here's the here's the this is the crucial part of
this this thing I go to the usher and naturally the way I am I have to pretend
that something happened because I can't just say to someone hey I'm gonna just
see the next show so I do what I always do I have my cell phone against my ear
Pretending I'm getting a work call and I trap myself with this stuff every time
It's like yeah, I got to go back to the office the office
Can I go to the next show? But this guy this kid was 19. He doesn't care. I
Could have just said oh those old ages are gonna kill me during this show. I'm coming back to the next one
But I I weave this tail now
This kid who could care less
Who literally by the way did not notice when I left the building and walked back in
He did not notice
So I could have walked in without paying and he wouldn't have noticed
So we have this stuff. Oh, I gotta come back
Something to work
He goes, would you like a refund?
And this is me blowing it twice right now.
Like, now, give me a ticket for the next show.
Like, why am I locking my money in at this theater?
Like this, get ready to hand me my money back.
Like, now, give me a ticket for the next thing
as if it's so inconvenient to have to rebuy a ticket
at this theater, this art theater
at two in the afternoon on a Monday.
So I get my ticket for the four-something show, then I go walk around to go to Princeton,
I'm walking all around having a grand old time, then I see a flyer, it's like four o'clock,
Cornell West speaking, he teaches at Princeton, he's going to be giving a lecture, free to
Everybody, I'm like, well, I'd like to see that.
Free, Cornell West lecture in an hour.
Because I'm a huge fan of the Matrix Revolution.
And I'm trying to get the autograph of everyone
who appeared in the final Matrix movie.
And he's the lone holdout right now
for my big Matrix Revolution, one sheet.
But then I look at this ticket that I bought, I'm like, what am I going to do?
What am I going to do? Do I see this stupid movie?
I already have the ticket for, they're already paid for, or to go to the lecture.
I'm like, you know what? I want to see the movie. I'll go see the movie.
Then I go back to the theater.
And I see the old lady's leaving now. The movie's over.
And I hear their conversation. They're going, oh, it's so weird.
so weird oh couldn't believe how weird it was and I'm just saying like you feeble
minded light weights whoa so weird couldn't handle it holly it is so weird
so I go back in I give the kid the ticket he did not even remember me from
two hours earlier. And I sit down, the movie starts literally 90 seconds into the movie.
I'm like, well, I made the wrong choice. Should have seen that Cornell West thing. And this
movie that was that was something else and I I walked out after 45 minutes I
couldn't take it it was like I look everybody's gonna say oh you didn't get
it oh I got it I knew what it was you don't think I couldn't figure that out
a two-year-old could have figured out what that thing was I just didn't I
I didn't want it was the thing.
I didn't want it.
It was unrelenting.
Let's start texting this guy, Jason Walliner,
who's seen it three times.
You know him, he's the director.
Now I'm worried about him.
He saw this three times.
I might have to contact the state
and get control of him.
Because no one should see this three times. Charlie Kaufman shouldn't have seen this thing three times
And now everybody's gonna be like
Like look those old ladies now were the heavyweights. I'm a lightweight
They were the ones who they I can't believe they sat there for two hours
either they're either they're really a really stupid and had no idea what was
going on during the movie and would have sat through anything be really cheap and
would have sat through anything for their movie club on Mondays at two or
they're the heavyweights what's that Mike what I don't I was I was walking
around the campus. I don't know. Maybe they fell asleep. No one could fall
asleep during this thing. I'm scarred by it.
This poor Charlie Kaufman. Somebody's got to get him some help. This movie was a
cry for help and or medication. This poor guy. Seriously, if you know him,
get it go just tell him it's okay he's got money he's working it'll be all
right like this weird death march sickness was non-stop sickness people
with boils pustules and then I left I left it apparently during the lighter
portion of the movie. It's like, oh you missed the dark stuff. Okay. So you know
what? I guess the moral this is anytime you can get your money back, just get
your money back. Are any of these calls good Mike? FMU, you're on the air.
I'll have to pass on that one.
Geez.
Yeah, that was not a good movie.
Like Malkovich, though.
You didn't like that?
No, I liked his other movies.
That's why I was kind of disappointed.
Yeah, I hear you.
Yeah.
Spotless mind.
I didn't like that so much, I guess.
But, you know, in all honesty, I think that probably has more to do with Jim Carrey than the actual script.
Just not a big fan, are you?
A big Jim Carrey fan?
Yeah.
Not really now.
yeah
i never saw adaptation
i like adaptation i got a patient a lot
what was the chuk
baris movie
of that was uh... confessions of a dangerous mind i was at
i like that too
oh geez okay
yeah well i'm sorry
i was i was being sarcastic at all
oh okay
yeah i like all of them except for this one
it's a great show tonight i'm very excited
excited about uh... john hodger yet
big fan
all great
love the uh... the other book
what's that
loved uh... areas of my expertise
that's that that's a great book fabulous i haven't gotten the new one
it's even better than the first what's it called again
it's called uh... more information than you require okay maybe i'll have to
stand up for that uh...
What's going on with you? You have any thanksgiving plans?
Yeah, you know, probably do some, you know, just probably go to my mom's place, you know,
hang out for a couple of days, you know, school's not happening, you know,
for the rest of the week and part of the next week too.
Where do you go?
I got a new bridge state.
Okay.
Yeah.
Did you, I know you're into like pop culture stuff.
Did you see this this thing with Ashley Simpson and Pete Wentz with that with the the name of their kid? Yeah, yeah, yes insane
That was nuts brunks
Moggly Moggly yeah, and that's like the jungle book. Is that right? Yes. I
Don't know about you, but I hate this trend
What's that of baby names? It's yeah, just like I mean obviously everybody can name their baby whatever they want
But it's like put some thought into it. It just I don't know. I guess it to me. It just shows
It's more like a look at me sort of thing for the parent than then any thought going into what the kid might want
Yeah, it does not show a lot of
Concern for their child's future like your name is very traditional. So is mine. What's your name? Bill? Okay. Yeah, hey Bill. I'm a new bridge
Oh great
what about this whole uh...
baklava cloud thing
that not
is that the whole uh...
that's the u-thing yeah yeah
that is not sounds like he's like a loose cannon or something that that's why
i guess they're all really
apprehensive about him taking over but i guess it is rotating
position where i guess everybody in the EU get to head it up at some point i'm
not sure how how long they could do it for but uh...
i guess this guy's got this massive ego or something and just can't
get enough of the spotlight
uh-huh uh-huh and then if there's a whole thing about global warming which
he thinks is a myth
yeah it's really got the the makings of of something that could be pretty uh...
pretty uh... contentious did you hear what he said about the uh... the bank
bailout over there
he called it uh... uh... i think he said it was like
irresponsible uh... protectionism or something
And everybody else thinks the opposite, apparently.
So I don't know what's gonna happen.
It should be very interesting.
Yeah, well, I guess we're gonna see.
When does that go down?
I think it goes down really soon.
I think so.
Hey, question.
You couldn't play some Aerosmith for me, could you?
I don't know, I think I might be done with records tonight.
What, what did you wanna hear?
Well, it's weird, I'm on this total Aerosmith jag recently.
I just can't get enough of it.
i mean
you talk about you know people talk about that you know the main two guys
steven uh...
tyler and chope re
but nobody ever really
talks about what i think is one of the most unheralded
rhythm sections
tom hamilton and joey cramer yeah
i mean when they lock in
uh... it's pretty unstoppable
i guess that's a lot of people like that that ends up being like the uh...
like the uh...
the secret weapon
absolutely yeah
but they didn't mean
those guys could probably walk down of the
middle aisle at the at one of their concerts and not even get
recognized it's kind of not kind of sad
yeah well i guess that's the you know groups have those tears
in them you know we're like the top tier
and the ends up being the other guys yep like i guess
john paul jones would be the
the hot man out
zap and what's up on you know
you know but this movie australia
have you seen this
i haven't seen the movie yet now
it's gotten slammed
it's it's going to that's going to be a weird one because it's such an
expensive move i know it's like a total epic
that's a lot because you'd think that
perfect casting she's the one that getting planned for
just not really
i guess delivering or seeing you know seeing believable
nicole hitman yeah yeah you know and you think that would be such an easy role
for her because that's where she's from
yeah you think it would maybe be a little more uh...
i don't know what like it like she would have a real connection to it
absolutely but i i don't i guess he's been in hot in the law too long you
know on them with weirdo wood uh... yeah i don't know kind of lost touch with
what uh...
you know with what with what got her started i guess though you know it's
really odd
what's that i don't know if i i'll tell you um
she looks exactly like
the woman in my life
really yeah
which is tough because i'm seeing all these posters for
you know for australia and uh...
i don't know we're having
relationship
difficulties right now
i mean we get along for the most part
uh... but they're a little things that keep
keep kind of creeping up like she has this
really hot temper
and that can be really attractive
Like if it's super passionate like if it goes on the verge of a passion and then that you know that that's like a driving thing
But with her it's not so much passion as like annoyance
Like it's kind of like the one kind of kind of flows into the other. Yeah, she gets very annoyed with me
Okay, you know and that can really hurt
Like um like I'm a for example like yesterday. I was hanging off the monkey bars
By my legs and she got really mad and she started yelling at me
You know, you got to get off there like I was gonna kill myself if I kept doing that
What were you were hanging on what monkey bars?
Like we'll do it like under what pretense
You know just
Just kind of goofing around. Uh-huh. Yeah, like can I ask where?
yeah a playground so you were having an arguments on the playground yeah yeah
that's kind of that's kind of weird but like what what led to you even being at
like in a on a playground where you'd even get into a fight like like on like
monkey bars well it was recess recess from what from class from from from what
class. We're doing math at that point. Uh-huh. Yeah. Hey, Bill. Uh-huh. It was Bill, right?
Yeah. Can I ask you a qua- I'm kind of- I'm a little, uh, confused here. Uh-huh. Uh-huh.
How old are you? Nine. Why? You're- you're nine. Yeah. Nine years old. Yes. Uh-huh. Yeah.
Okay. Well, you said, you said you went to Newbridge State.
Yeah.
Just the college.
No, not the college.
Newbridge Elementary School.
It's on State Street.
Everybody calls it Newbridge State.
I'm in fourth grade.
You're in fourth grade with your voice sounding like that.
Oh, don't worry.
That happens all the time.
time I like the other day I got mistaken for a ten-year-old it's just
weird you sound like an adult well you know it's funny early in the year I
almost got it into that flick Hancock what's that that flick Hancock you know
Hancock yeah yeah what Smith movie exactly but the second Usher stopped me
uh-huh yeah you're nine yeah like nine nine oh yeah yeah okay I mean I've been
all that i'm mature for my age but and and actually a little tall i guess i'm
four seven
but can i ask something else you're talking about this woman you're in a
relationship with
like or are you in like some kind of
you're you're a little young to be in an actual relationship like in it like
i mean who
you're you're
you're in a relationship
what kind of question that
what what what what you i'm based on what you said is that you said you were
having like
where did you get up talking to a kid like that he's only nine years old
he's nine years old yeah
uh... it
but you were just saying
that you were in a thing where you're fighting
with her something and it's kind of thing which is
now i wasn't he was
little bill was
i'm big bill you idiot
who's bit
who is this
i'm little bill's dad
well who was i just talking to little bill
little bill i picked up the other extension just now
why
you have it
so uh... right now i'm talking to you
the kids dad
that i was just talking to you
well you did you have the same exact voices your son uh-uh
you can find anything like me
we he does sound exactly like you know i'm little bill
who's
what's that
this is a little bill
who is
right now i'm talking to you uh-huh
that was big bill earlier that was your dad just a second ago today that voice
much later fried your eardrums
i'm really confused right now
who might talk into big bill
this is much
this is big you're both you have the exact i can't tell either of you apart
he is a much
show some respect you little much
what you say to me
you know what i said to you you know spanking you can't spank me
certainly can
says who
i think so
oh yeah
you don't talk to your father like that
for you guys done
with your uh...
weird argument a shut up you can tell him to shut up
he's an adult
And that was just Big Bill yelling at Little Bill.
Exactly, yeah.
Hey, just for that, you can't use the nightmare machine
next Halloween.
Come on, I love that thing.
No.
But I bought it for you.
Who bought it for who?
Big Bill.
Big Bill bought it for Little Bill.
Yeah.
So you're not going to let him use it?
Well, it's mine now.
Who's is it now?
It's little bills now.
It's mine, yeah, little bill.
Why?
OK, I'm really struggling here.
Well, how?
Because your voices are exactly the same.
They're nowhere near the same.
They are.
Who just said that?
I don't know who said that.
Big bill said that.
OK.
Can you maybe say who you are before you say something?
Why?
So I can tell you apart.
OK.
so
you're not going to let him use the nightmare machine now
it's a little bill now
it's a little so we'll wait little bills not going to let big bill use the nightmare
machine is a big bill
yeah i love it i i uh... i thought for him
and uh... he liked it okay but i really love it
is a little bill okay he can't get enough of it
he loved having nightmares
your dad does
This is a big bill.
Yeah, I do.
Wow.
You are in such trouble.
Who's in trouble?
Little Bill is.
Your mother would blow a gasket if she heard you talking
like that.
Why would your grandmother be upset with me
for reprimanding you?
You're my kid.
That's very confusing.
Who just yelled?
I don't even know.
little bill does yelled at big bill i think
yeah little bill told me
my mom
would be upset with me his grandmother exactly yeah
yeah
she thinks you have a horrendous temper need to be stopped
no i don't
who has the temper
host do i have it at a horrendous temper
little bill
little bill one i'd look a little bill i don't want
I don't want to inherit his bad temper.
Who's bad temper?
Big Bill!
This is Big Bill?
No!
This is Little Bill.
I was talking about Big Bill.
Talking about Big Bill.
This is Big Bill now.
Okay.
Sorry Big Bill.
I'm thrown here.
You little creep.
I'm going to beat you.
Who just said that?
Little Bill.
Little Bill.
You're going to beat your father.
No!
I was talking to our dog, Mr. Sherbert.
You told you.
he just made water on the floor can we keep the dog out of it now okay that's
gonna it's it's hard I'm barely hanging on here so you know you're gonna be
hanging on by who just said that little bill uh-huh okay you can't talk to an
adult like that thank you big bill that was a little dog talking to myself you're
talking to yourself yeah okay I'm sorry little bill you're you're very this is
very confusing that's a big bill now i'm the one that's going to kick your your
your bottom
you're gonna you're gonna fight me you can't treat my son like that well i
didn't read your son like anything you sure did
i did not
you called me a name
what name did i call you a little bill
uh...
what i think you know you called me
i have no idea what you're talking about you call them and
i'd i did yes you did call me that i didn't call you did to call him that
i didn't call anybody nk and who said that little bill
well so i'm going to fight a child now
well i'm not going to fight a child i'm going to smash you
and who's that that was big bill okay i was talking to mister sherbert he made
putting on my desk
and i can't tell you guys apart i'm going to whip you
and who's saying that that was big bill talking to you holly okay now in the
So, after you beat your dog, you're gonna get me?
I'm in a belt whipping league.
Uh-huh.
You're in a belt week?
Okay.
Yeah.
Okay, and who's in the belt whipping league?
Me, Mr. Sherbert.
That's not the dog.
I'm a dog.
Stop.
Why?
I'm actually talking to the dog now.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
That's,
do you,
the hardest thing,
I gotta say, the weirdest part of that is not that the dog is talking, the weirdest part
is that the dog has the same voice as the other two.
I'm not even questioning that the dog speaks English.
Oh, that's the whole thing that I was actually reading about in, gosh, I feel like it was
in the Atlantic, yeah, about how animals take over their master's traits and things.
Now who's reading that?
Little Bill.
Okay.
Yeah.
you were reading that about i don't like him reading that stuff i think it warps his
mind and who said that
mister sherbert
okay
well guys
that's a very you guys are going to be very exciting thanks can you please play
some air smith
and who's who says is a little bill mister sherbert
uh... so you like aris mith too
but i love that song dream on
little bill how are you so as such an aris mith fan
What do you mean?
You were talking about Aerosmith,
they made me think you were older
because you're going on and on about Aerosmith.
I love the rhythm section and all that.
Yeah, I don't really know who those potholes are.
I mean, I just read it off the box.
The box of what?
Rock band.
Oh, yeah.
So you don't even know anything about the actual band.
You just were reading the names
of the band members off the box.
Yeah, but I do know when to press the buttons
when the, you know, comes on the screen.
Yeah, that's the way for the future.
it really is oh yeah the future
i love it
any chance you might get a real guitar little bill i don't know i'll i'll have
to uh... i want to ask uh...
big bill
or mister sherbert he's not getting a guitar there's no way i'm gonna buy the
guitar
and who said that big bill okay
now it was mister sherbert
also now mister sherbert's lying about who he is it's just pranks
uh-huh yeah he loves to pull pranks
mister sherbert
big bill this big okay yeah what is wrong with you
who you me no mister sherbert
he's just being very odd tonight
uh-huh
so are you
who little bill
little bills being odd also
no i'm little bill i think it's a big bill jeez i don't know how much more of
you i can take all you're right guys i am sorry i wasn't talking to you okay
i'm talking to little bill
and who who who was talking
who said it talking about little bill
okay now it was a little dot talk about myself
follow that you know i i felt like you need some coffee
mister sherbert
mister sherbert needs to love coffee
dogs and have the opposite effect
on what a dog on me
it's a big bill okay yeah
it doesn't make me you know jumpy make it kind of cool mail for some reason
uh... yeah
I don't know, I just have this, I don't know what it is.
It's almost like, you know how they give kids like Ritalin
and that they're already hyper, but somehow this
has a calming effect in the hyper kid,
but it has the opposite effect in like a non-hyper person,
it makes them more hyper, yeah.
Who just said that?
Mr. Sherbert?
Okay.
Hey guys, I'm gonna wish you
a happy Thanksgiving. Oh you too okay. I'm still gonna whip you. Who is? Big Bill's gonna whip you.
Okay. Now Big Bill's gonna whip Mr. Sherber because there's more pudding. Okay. Yeah you're so bad.
Mr. Sherber it is? No. That was a little dog talking to I was talking to Big Bill. Okay. Yeah.
Well you guys it sounds like you've got your uh I think you've got it all figured out. Oh we
We definitely do.
Yeah.
All right, Big Bill, little Bill.
Let's go for a walk.
Oh, the dog.
OK.
The dog says when it's time to go for a walk.
Hey, Mike, whatever you do, do you have that pad out there
that says band for life?
I want you to write on it three names.
Big Bill?
OK?
Little Bill, and Mr. Sherbert.
Mike wants to know how he can tell which is which.
I don't know.
I seriously have to get rid of this guy.
He is just the worst.
It's not even funny anymore.
It's just troubling now.
Jones Town, are you gonna talk about Jones Town?
What do you want me to take calls?
Hey, let's talk about Jones.
Let's open the phones up.
The topic tonight, Jones Town.
Let's get your two cents.
Unsettling.
Especially around this time of year.
People are trying to shift to positive thoughts.
You know what I'm gonna do?
Gonna turn this up.
Then, when it's over, in one minute and 30 seconds, we're going to have a special guest
in the studio.
It's going to be John Hodgman, the author and personality, it's going to be in the studio.
Maybe we'll open the phones up if you have questions for him.
So the number's 201, 209, 936, oh by the way, it's the top of the hour, so that means
I have to say, you're listening to WFMU East Orange, WXHD Mount Hope World Wide on the
World Wide Web at WFMU.org, this is the best shown WFMU.
My name is Tom Sharpling, I'm going to be your host for the remainder of tonight's program.
John Hodgman in the studio in 43 seconds.
You
oh that's right that's right everybody guess what time it is it's time for me
to welcome into the WFMU studios this is an honor I had to say and I don't get
man. The guests who come here, it's like the best of the best actually come down to the studio.
I could do phoneers all the live-long day if I wanted. You don't think I could get people on the
phone? I could do two shows. First half, second half. First half, second half. Hey, we got a first
half, we got a, you know, I don't know who, some guy and then another guy. Maybe a woman could be
one of the two
that the frank miller's calling up to talk about the spirit movie
always on some junk
but the people come down
i only invite the cream of the crop down and only the cream of the crop want to
come down
and that's why it's exciting for me to welcome
john hodgeman
i wouldn't have missed it for the world all well thank you for coming down i'm
thrilled to be here
for people who don't know who you are
at this point in two thousand eight sizable number of people
not in this audience though
you're like uh... you'd be like the mayor
for these people
they know you
but for anybody who doesn't the stragglers
the undecideds so to speak sure the undecideds of my audience
you uh... you might know john hodman from
the daily show
that is accurate
you might know him as the resident expert
that is your that's your title on the daily show yes on the daily show with
john stuart yes
you might know him from the uh... commercials uh... the uh... mac
pc commercials
your campaign that is officially called get a mac
it's called get a mac from the get a mac commercials
you might know him as pc
right personal computer that's right full name
the full name
that's your character's name yeah
And you also might know him as a very successful,
very hilarious author.
That's nice to say.
Probably not, though.
Probably that I don't know me as that.
My apple juice.
But that, oh, it's right here.
Here it is.
Oh, there it is.
Okay, it scared me.
Did it move?
You're a little jumpy.
Who moved my apple juice?
You're jumpy.
I gotta say.
That should be the name of my book.
Who moved my apple juice?
I feel like.
I think it'll work.
I like it.
You could have Frank Miller on this show.
Has he been on the show?
No, I don't want Frank Miller on this show.
Really?
Is he gonna talk about 300?
The spirit?
The spirit?
Trust me, I could have him on this show
first week of January.
I interviewed him.
You did?
When I was a magazine writer.
Nice guy?
Very nice guy.
I interviewed him on September 10, 2001.
So you were transcribing the interview
when you heard about 9-11?
No, I wasn't transcribing it
because I woke up the next morning
and decided I had other things to do that morning,
which involved tearing my hair out
and wondering what was happening.
Yes, exactly, wondering why the city was shaking.
We had a really wonderful couple of beers
in the Algonquin in Midtown.
We talked about his second dark night book,
which at that time was not yet completed.
Yes.
And a very lovely guy spent a lot of time
with a fellow who was going to write 250 words
about him in Maxim magazine.
The only piece I ever wrote for Maxim Magazine because I had the opportunity to interview
Frank Miller.
That's why I did it.
I weaseled my way into his life, much as I've weaseled my way into your life here tonight.
But who's done the weaseling?
You came here.
That's true.
I set the trap.
You set the trap.
Maybe you just follow.
Which of us is the weasel and which is the rat?
I think we're both kind of weaseling.
But I'll tell you, the next, and then the next day happened and it was very unnerving.
And the first reason it was unnerving to me
is because I had been rereading
the original Dark Knight Returns.
And in that comic book,
there is a big dramatic moment
where a plane crashes into a building.
Yeah, so that was from the 85, right?
Right.
And then so when my friend woke me up,
called me up, woke me up,
and said he'd turn on the TV,
I was like, the first thing I thought was,
what a strange coincidence.
Didn't occur to me that the world was coming to it.
And I'm like, I wonder if Frank Miller's watching this.
just like Miller you did it again yeah but then then it was a couple days
later and you know you try to go on with your life you want everything to be
normal yes so even though the last thing in the world that society requires a
view is that you sit down and transcribe your Frank Miller interview
interview yes you know it's like I forced myself to the desk and started
pounding out on the keys with my bear paws because I couldn't I had no fine
motor functions anymore I was so upset and angry and sad and everything yes and
in the middle of it I was I was listening to his voice this is two days after okay
and I was listening to his voice and he was saying that the fans were going to
tear him apart for doing this second dark night book as indeed they did yes and
I won't even comment on whether it was justified no but he knew that's not even
part of it he knew it was coming yeah and he said and he said you know I know
what I'm doing by going into this I know this is my suicide mission I stopped
to that I couldn't take it anymore and I had to call him up. It was great like I
knew him a little bit but suddenly he wanted to talk to everybody yeah and I
called up Frank Miller I'm like how are you doing because he had moved to New
York like how are you Frank and he's like I'm all I can do today is ink. So he
was back at the table too but all he could only ink just as I could only
transcribe but then I gave it up after that. See these are the professionals I
I mean while, was in the parking lot of Trader Joe's
in New Jersey eating an entire cheesecake.
That was, I bought, we went shopping at Trader Joe's.
And I bought a cheesecake and I started eating it.
Let me ask you a question.
When we got back to the car,
I ate the whole thing by myself.
It was.
Were you listening to the radio or something?
I mean, you knew what was going on.
And is that why you were eating the cheesecake or it was just a coincidence?
Oh no, the cheesecake was me trying to just block out the world.
Yes.
And so when you sit down, I was saying to a friend of mine that I don't, despite the
fact that I just munched a very fine gingerbread man that you brought.
Yes, from all bond, pain or pan?
Pan.
Pan.
Okay.
Well, boom, pan.
Okay.
And it was fine and delightful and savory, but I normally don't go in for the sweets myself.
So I don't have a lot of experience sitting down to eat an entire cheesecake.
So how does that, how do you go into that?
Is it cut already into wedges?
Oh, it was a block of, it went out,
it was a full round cheesecake, not sliced, uncut.
And you're in the car.
Do you have utensils?
No.
You're grabbing out, ripping chunks out with my hands.
Because the world is ending.
Like a Neanderthal.
I've got time for a plastic fork.
Are you kidding?
I've got to eat this thing.
I've got to numb the pain.
Did you work from the outside in?
you just from the outside in exactly right I can't exactly remember the
pattern I worked on the cheesecake I wasn't doing like a it wasn't like you
know like a spiral I wasn't going like a like a mouse going around the edge
all sudden like a like a cartoon I think I think you have to agree it was a
reasonable question fair enough it's not often in life that we have the
opportunity to just eat a whole cheesecake. Exactly. And I feel that's okay.
And I didn't mean to bring it down. That's okay. 9-11. I really would love to talk
about Jonestown. What are you doing to me, Mike? You're getting to the guests now.
I'm very proud to have come down here. I mean, it's great that you're plugging
my book and all and everything else, but it is the anniversary. I don't want to
that's awful. It is awful. Now, I will say, speaking of your book, your book is out. It
came out last a few weeks ago. October 21st was the publication. It's about a month. It's
been on the shelves about a month. It's called more information than you require. And I've
read it. Fantastic. Gosh, that's nice. Thanks. Your first book. You didn't like it.
Areas of my expertise. No, I loved it. Oh, thanks
This one this one this one mops up the ground with that one. You go too far. You go too far
I've read it. I'd speak the truth. I've read this thing. I read both of them
You don't have to talk this way just cuz I'm in the studio. No, I talked this way. I've talked this way you ask anybody ask
I'm trying to think who's in my chat here that we can ask ask Omar the
transcribe or of the the guy who keeps the record of the best show on the
recast of the scrivener he is he is the scrivener yes i'll appreciate that
yes
you some monkey got stowed away somewhere in upstate new york he's
writing that illuminating every word in a manuscript he's working hard right now
in georgia trying to oced saxby chambals for him yes how's it going
think he said it's down to it's a two-point race right now
with uh... saxby chamels having a two-point lead down from a four-point lead
this is happening as we speak
it will that's him monitoring a daily and give me the updates
ok
but this book
more information than you require top that top-notch book that's really i'd
laughed on
i laughed a thousand one times reading that
that seems unlikely though it's it's very true it's very likely
there are only three hundred and fifty four hundred perhaps some odd pages
i mean i that's how math you'd have that would have to be a map that up to you
at least to lapse of age this thing is packed
with jokes
not jokes it's not like
not a millenborough joke book
i like
i only wish i think most people only wish yes did you ever see that
book that was like three inches thick the millenborough joke book yes thing
and just has everything divided into like categories like as if you're going to
like flip through like a reference book it has one thing in it as a chapter it
did have a section called Democrats in it like jokes about them but it did not
have one called Republicans like this guy couldn't even throw like like all
right let's just throw a couple at the other side too he's like fair and
balanced yes his joke book was unfair and unbalanced
Milton Burl he did have one joke in it about faxes though he was like faxes
was the header. It was like, I don't talk to my son anymore. He doesn't call. He doesn't
write. He doesn't fax. And that was it. It's like, what? Come on, Milton. Come on. He's
doing his best. He didn't even see that joke, I'm sure. He's with the book. His people.
Yeah. Hey, this is the book you put out. Now, that feels like an original. You think that
start like he was a page we must keep going. If he had a staff look you know I have a studio
of very fine writers who live in Grenada and write my books for me and I pay them very well
and that's why you get this fine quality new book you know what I'm saying but the reality is
that Milton Burl that sounds like an authentic joke that a gentleman and later in life sometime
in the early to mid 90s first discovering the facts technology would write you know that
That sounds authentic.
That sounds like it's his real voice.
So either he really wrote it or his writers are very good.
Like, I'm going to pay you guys to make authentic jokes
like the crazy jokes that I would come up with
that aren't even funny, just are in my voice.
They just reference new things.
So either that's really him or he had really good writers.
Because if I were a writer for Milton Burl
and he was paying me, I'd want to write him a joke
that was funny, I'd want to do well by the boss.
That's not a funny joke.
now that might that was probably one milton threw in
like i got one about faxes
put it in the book
and they're just like
uh...
or brother
milton's off the uh...
like how could you wear would you even tell that joke
like there's not even anywhere to go with that it is lays there
uh... and i had a nightclub
and i club and i club with the act of the mother complaining on stage
my son
i don't speak to my son anymore
he doesn't call he doesn't write he doesn't fact whoa
and then just like
what's this thing on
it's fun hello my son
you're giving me the same reaction my son
gives me
i don't even know where i would where you could take that joke in order to make
it funny
there's nowhere to go
so that then you know what that joke is infecting this now
we're now
paying a price
his horror is
the horror of that joke being milton burrow wrote that joke in order to
destroy other
yes people do it on
yes
those how he was going to he was going to poison the next generation
and the generation after that but they didn't
but that movie the hidden
calm oglot michael nori and calm oglotlin yes
jumping from uh...
body-to-body yes sure
and that little gun
mhm i do remember that movie
actually ask calm oglotlin about that movie once i met him
I said, hey, when's the hidden coming on DVD?
And that kind of was his reaction.
I don't know.
Yeah.
Another another true Hollywood tale.
Exactly.
He was like, I don't know.
And that was it.
That was my meeting with Kyle McLaughlin.
Yes, it did happen.
I ever tell you, I know I've told the story a bit,
but have I told you about the time
that I met Peter Berg, the director of Hancock?
No, I would love to hear it though.
We know, I'll tell the short version,
because on the airplane, when I fly out to do the show,
not the show, the ads and stuff,
you know, I'll get to fly first class.
Sure. It's nice.
Yes.
And sometimes you'll see a famous person in there as well,
like Lonnie Anderson, for example.
I didn't talk to her, but I did talk to Peter Berg
and he was sitting next to me and we were sitting there
and I wasn't gonna say anything to him
because I don't wanna bother Peter Berg.
And we're sitting on the tarmac though,
and we get stuck for like two and a half hours.
And I didn't really bring very much with me to read
because why?
Why would you bring something to read on airplane?
And around that time, I'm freaking out
because I'm like, what am I gonna do with myself
in this flight?
And he reaches down into his knapsack
and he pulls out a copy of Dune by Frank Herbert.
And I can't resist.
I'm like, that's amazing.
I wish I had a copy of Dune.
That's the perfect thing to read on this flight.
I wish I had a copy of Dune to read on this flight and he looks at me and he gives me
a little smile.
He says, do you want one?
I've got two copies.
And he actually had a second copy of Dune.
Yeah, he had two copies of Dune.
I said, why do you have two copies of Dune?
It's not really an explanation.
But he did say, I'm thinking about making it into a movie.
That's ambitious, but how does the second copy move him closer to a green light?
It never really came up why he did two copies.
Yeah.
But printing error?
Yeah, but he was...
This page is blank!
Because we ended up just having drinks and talking about things like that sort of thing.
Flying across the country.
It's a good guy.
We had a great time.
Very nice guy.
He wanted to move to New York.
all about these apartments in New York and stuff like where do you live and I
said I live in Brooklyn and he's like is that good because you know I want to be
near my kid I'm like yeah it's great for kids and blah blah blah and he's like
well if you wake up though two o'clock in the morning and you just really want to
meet a woman I think I think that's where our lives diverged
dramatically at that point I just I don't know how I would advise you Peter Burke
And then you turn that I would I guess I recommend the battery tunnel. That's the fastest
The fastest way him to but what place were you you like? Let's go back to Dune. Let's
I thought we had I thought we had something and then yeah, suddenly, you know, I'm a nerd
I don't you know, I've been I've been married for nine years to a woman that I was seeing for ten years before that
I don't know how to meet ladies in New York City or any city. Yes. Do you know what I mean?
You're right the market. I can talk about Dune all day long. Yeah, you know, and then he's
Just remember that ladies. It's off the mark. He's sorry ladies. Sorry. Yeah, ladies. He's taken
Ladies and gentlemen, I'm taking the John Hodgman story
Now one thing I did notice about this new book more information than you require is you actually did put a little bit more of yourself
Into it. They're like my Peter Burke story is in the yes. Yes
But there's more there's there's more of you. It's not just the hilarious fake trivia and that was the fact
The first book was very much fake trivia.
Yes.
To some degree, I talked about my status
as a former professional literary agent
and professional magazine writer.
Yes.
But mainly it was in the nine presidents who had hooks
for hands and the lives of the hobos
and they're taking over the United States government,
et cetera, right.
But this is you.
You actually talk about a little more,
a little more like real worldy.
You weave yourself into it.
Yeah.
Because I was trying to write the second book, and I was trying to tell those same jokes again.
And the problem is my life changed dramatically between the first and the second book.
Yes.
So like in the first...
Excuse me, microphone.
All right.
Student microphone.
Geez, these are terrible microphones.
They are.
Okay.
In the first book, you know, I made a joke about movies and TV shows that I had made cameo appearances in.
Yes.
Because that's what George Plimpton used to do.
He would always see George Plimpton as Carter's father,
a grandfather on ER or whatever.
So I thought that would be a funny joke.
What if I were a writer who did those sorts of cameos?
So I talk about how I appeared in them.
Muppet movie is the literary agent,
how I appeared in Crimson Tide.
Was that the Gene Hackman, Denzel Washington?
That was the subs creative writing counselor.
And so those jokes, right?
Because no one in what possible world would I ever appear in a movie or a TV show and certainly I didn't it seemed
Ridiculous at the time that I wrote it. Yeah, and then so I go back into the new book
And I'm trying to make jokes from that same point of view
Sort of Tweety literary guy that I had been and I still am to some degree
But what I realized was now I have not cameo appearances, but I have done these small roles
I mean now I'm on TV now. Yeah, it's not implausible
the most insane thing that I could imagine with regard to myself in the
first book now was sort of my such work a day part of my life that didn't even
notice it anymore and that was very frightening to me and I realized that I
had I had to acknowledge what had happened yes in my life becoming a
very famous minor television personality in order to tell jokes from that point
of view because otherwise it would have been fake sure but when you talking
about the kind of the world folding in on each other, like you, like when you went into
the, to the Apple store. Yeah, which that's, that was insane. Yeah, because you had, you
suddenly were on those ads, you know, yeah, that's the reason. Yes. And I walked in to
buy a product. And people kind of, that was my first experience with celebrity as I think
that it is enjoyed or endured or experienced
by actual celebrities, you know what I mean?
That's the rarefied environment
in which suddenly it's a big deal that I'm there.
Much like Bruce Campbell going into a horror movie convention
on the convention floor.
Sure.
He's the biggest star in the world and the lobby.
Nobody.
You know what I mean?
Exactly.
But you know.
And similarly, going into the Apple Store,
So that was me going into basically a John Hodgman convention at that moment.
Were people having you sign things?
People, yeah.
The cell phone pictures happened, you know, and then they started showing a picture of
me on the giant screen in the ads, you know, and I'm walking around and it was quite surreal.
I mean, and it was, you know, I would felt like a mascot in a theme park.
I was like, hello, here I am, Mr. PC, how are you, you know?
I also had a giant plastic head on, like a mask on a theme park.
They make those of me, which I walk around with quite a bit in order to maintain my anonymity,
to hide my face.
So you took the head off as you walked into the building, blocking the door, which is
good because Mike can't get in.
But you know, it was very exciting.
And then, oh, and then I was at a, you know, but it was so surreal that I was just like,
you know, the crazy fake trivia, the surreal fake trivia is kind of boring by comparison
to some degree.
There's lots of fake trivia in my book, in the new book, to be sure.
There's even a little playground where I'm about Jonstown in the new book, which I could
read for you later, perhaps, if you wanted.
But a lot of chairs, what the studios have been falling, it's haunted, I think, it's
like poltergeist, isn't here.
You think?
Oh my God, the door is opening by itself, and now it closes.
But yeah, so it was, I had to struggle in order to make fiction as strange as reality
again.
But you, I think you found the balance.
Thank you.
That's nice.
You know that when you were in the Apple store, though, there was probably one guy who
still was like I'm getting it or just like they're putting these things up
there I'm too away from getting my from getting my iPod look that and now
some guys running these commercials on it yeah I can't see whether I'm next I
want to read the glossary yeah well that's a thing now now if I go into the
Apple store I just send everyone to the back of the line I wheeled I wheeled
power like a monster I'm like everyone who's next you go last now yeah everyone
who's last you go next
so you can literally
turn the ladder
up upside down
and i love yes i wrote i reversed the hierarchies
do you have one of those little
little belt registers that they have now at the apple store yet you do i
constantly walk around with it constantly i think that was a great idea
by the way because it's
it's already unsettling enough being in that store and now there's not even
a central place to pay
right
And now it's just like, this is the unstore.
It's like, we don't do it the way they do it
at the other store with their counter and their register.
Right.
Now, it's like, or their receipts even.
Like, we're going to email you your receipts.
Have you been into the sensory deprivation tanks?
Have you joined one of their utopian communes
that they have?
Is that back behind the genius bar?
Yes, exactly.
Exactly.
You know, look, this is your company?
just for fun if you want you can you can sign up for the biosphere project
the
was it with other geniuses
with other gene with other geniuses and and spider monkeys a lot of spider
monkeys could you imagine
some sort of biosphere run
by the geniuses
that work at the apple store
within three hours it would be like
everybody out of the biosphere
it's not working at someone messed something up my my my experience uh...
with the service of the Apple store has always been stellar. Sterling. Look, they're trying
hard. You can't listen in their t-shirts. Do you find the retail experience in the Apple
store to be unnerving then? Is it unpleasant to you, Tom? Because I could talk to some
people about it. I like it overall. I like it, but I do find the lack of actual cash
registers now because now I have to find a salesperson with the belt. It's like, you'd
prefer it if they had a cash like a like an old-timey cash register they
ring inside no it doesn't have the whole wooden camper no it's hard candy
no it's no hard candy behind it no a big we a big rolling ladder exact no you
know you're thinking of tech surf that's what that's what you think you you made
a mistake that's where they do the old-fashioned yeah that's how it is in the
Sony I love I love the tech serve and I to be clear I love the Apple store I
I mean, I do consider it.
I love to be part of that ad campaign.
Well, yes, and you are awesome at it.
Thank you.
How many of those have you done now?
Those spots, how many have the final tally so far?
I think we've aired, I think, about 40 of them over three
years and we you know we shoot quite a few more than we are. So I mean I I
probably twice that. Now you see the ones from different countries also where
yes like that different guys playing you. They had a British duo, Mitchell and
Webb, who are amazingly talented British comedians. Yeah and they needed to get
those British guys to do it in England because I don't speak English. Oh is that
what it is. Justin and I don't speak English, so they needed to recast. But no, they were
amazing. They're amazingly talented guys. And then in Japan, they had two other guys
who are part of a Japanese comedy troupe called the Ramans. Okay. And I encourage you to Google
them and look up their stuff because it's very funny. You don't need to know Japanese
to get it. Now, were you insulted at all? Like when you saw that PC, the Microsoft commercial
where they had that mutant who was supposed to be you.
Like this guy, he's like, this guy's top.
He's got to be well over 300 pounds.
He's sweaty.
I think I'm a piece, you know, I'm a stereotype.
First of all, Microsoft, what's the fight?
Where's the fight here?
I was surprised.
I liked the, you know, I was enjoying
the Bill Gates and Jerry Seinfeld.
The first one, I was a little like,
I don't know what's happening, but by the end of the second one, I mean, there's something there.
They have a little chemistry.
I checked out.
There's a little threatening to me.
I checked out after the first one when they were in the shoe store.
Yeah.
These two guys.
Cherry Seinfeld.
Oh boy.
I don't mean to get you off on a tear.
Did he get the B into the thing that he mentioned, the B in the thing somehow?
What deal did he make where he's like?
Ads within ads within ads.
But like yeah, what is the profit thing that he stands to get is he just like did he lose all his money and not tell anybody yet?
Or he's like this B thing. I gotta get back on top. I got nothing left
Like this B things I got everything riding on it. I can't I can't even claim to speculate what goes through his brain
I don't think he lives in on the planet that we do now. Do you know what I mean?
No, when you have when you have a garage filled with all your own cars in Manhattan, right?
The idea of that yeah, that's right there. You are just a different breed of person
You're just not human anymore. You find that separates somebody from the work-a-day humanity
Yes, when you when you can talk about like cuz I have a lot of ATVs
Okay
I really enjoy riding my ATVs around I probably have
15 I've tricked out quite a few of them. I have a bat mobile ATV like a like a bat pod
Uh-huh, but it's it's got four wheels because I don't have a very good balance. And where do you keep them in my garage?
So you mean you can't you have a garage where is that a can read? Yeah, but it's it what no, it's it's in Park Slope
I bought a garage. I kicked out all the cars. I put in my ATVs
But it's in Brooklyn. So it's I'm okay. I'm a person. I'm a man of the people still. Yeah
You're still walking the streets. I'm not Jerry Seinfeld with automobiles in a garage in Manhattan
Well, just the ATV, by design, it is already more of a people-type vehicle.
Yeah, exactly.
Keep me close.
I'm in contact with humans.
I'm not encased in, you know, like when I'm ATVing down 7th Avenue on the sidewalk doing
my errands, I can still interact with people.
Yeah, when you're pulling up to juniors, you're in your ATV.
Exactly.
When I want to eat a whole cheesecake, when I want to just pound a whole cheesecake,
I do it from the center out.
You start, you need to go underneath and do it like...
Open up the box, first I pull over my ATV, triple, triple park it, because you can do
that with an ATV.
And you can do that in front of juniors, there's been times when I've driven by juniors and
I literally have to drive on the opposite sidewalk to get down the road.
Yeah, that's the only, that's, they encourage you to triple or quadruple park.
Because no one's driving on Flatbush Avenue anyway. No. Why would why would you? Yeah, especially coming right off the bridge
Everybody just put your thing here the toys are us and then the juniors right and so I'll I'll triple park the ATV
I'll go in and I'll get a cheesecake. I'll get the regular kind nothing swirled in it regular fudge swirled in now. I'm a purist
And then I'll bring it out and I'll just sit on my ATV. Mm-hmm check back my helmet
The rat reach down in open up the box reach down in the middle big handful, okay?
And just like shoveling it in just a handful and then just like take right like grabs
Going out out out until you work your way to the to the way I have a full face mask helmet on
So I can't really drop my chin enough to look down
You don't even know what you're grabbing does until your hand doesn't have cheesecake in it. I verify
I verify when I reach it up to the to the face hole
that it is cheesecake before I eat it. I'm not crazy.
Before it's like the wax paper, for example, like you really do a handful.
Then I do a couple of espresso shots, and when I get really hyped up,
that's when I start driving the wrong way on the BQE.
Okay. That's the ATV.
I'm going to get one. All-terrain vehicle.
Yes. Too low rent.
What do you what do you ride like a segue? No. What are you supporting? Honda. Oh, yeah?
Hybrid
Well, that's that's very good. That's very green. It's not very green. I have four or five hybrid ATVs
When it dies and then it's just like oh this battery is gonna rot for 800 years now, right?
Which is what's gonna be tended to by a Chinese child though. So at least you're creating work
work. Thank you. We got to get that work back here and that's the thing. We got to get American
kids to take care of those hybrid batteries. American children want to work. They have
the greatest work ethic in the world, American children. There are no better chimney sweeps,
boot blacks in the world than American children. But because of these insane labor laws, that's
why the Detroit is going bankrupt because of the unions preventing children from cleaning
smoke stacks. I know I like to work when I was a kid. Sure. Absolutely. You had an
at you to work ethic. Did you not? I did. Right. Work. These labor unions that are
destroying work ethic in America. That's why we're having such trouble in the
economy. I was a busboy when I was 12. Were you aware? Yes. What restaurant? A
diner. What was it called? What diner? It was the sunset diner. You ever go back
There watch some other kid. Oh, no, I can't I should just warn them get out
Don't do it. Don't do what I did some of the jobs. I had us a kid was good. What was your first job? I?
Went right from paper boy. I was paper boy and bus boy at the same time
I would do paper I would do the the the the root in the morning
Then head over to the diner and work on weekends
You're trying to buy a train ticket out of town or something. I don't know what I thought I was trying to get as much
I don't have it not whatever money. I was it. I don't know what it went toward but it did not get me here
That's it was a complete wasted you delivered papers in the morning. Yes
On an ATV or a segue or what a bicycle. Yeah. Yeah, what time would you get up to do there?
You know
Six what would compel what could you make good money was in here? It was the drive no no here
look, I worked, you know, I went to work as soon as I could.
What was the line?
Massachusetts.
What was your first job?
I worked in the stockroom at con rans on Exeter Street in Boston.
What is con rans?
It was you're an English, sort of fancy furniture and
housewares store. Okay.
Kind of like a William Sonoma type of thing.
Okay.
And I worked and I, you know, moved pallets around and
okay, did things.
unloaded skids unloaded skids exactly we had a skid we have one of the i've
learned how to drive a skid uh not a motorized skid
loader but you know one of those things sure with the hydraulic pump yeah
it was nice and it sit out in the loading dock in the morning half coffee
this is in the 80s that when you started drinking coffee
those guys taught you how to drink coffee uh those guys taught me how to
not want to ever have a job in a stockroom when you're an adult
That's what the guys at the at the diner taught me. Yeah with I get this must end soon and it didn't end
Soon at all for me. I kept that streak going for years and years
I knew it was over for me when I had the heartbreak. I'd just gotten a
Swatch keep hearing limited edition swatch
Left it on the loading dock, and it was gone in five minutes. This life isn't for me
That's when you knew this life isn't for this is life isn't for doctor who watching kids who are wearing Keith Herring watches
I got to get a job
You know at a video store. That's when they that's when you knew these guys weren't your friends. Also. I
Don't think I don't think my fellow stockroom boys did it. They're all they're all nerds. They're art school people
All right, it was fine. I should say we are joined by John Hodgeman who's in studio who's been flashing on the phone for the last 20 minutes Mike
What's that?
Someone has a question for me. Yes. Let me just set this. I got a reset is what they say in the radio
First I'm gonna get into this later this radio thing. I gotta get out of here. I'm gonna say it straight up
This is the only right. Let's see. Look. I'm glad your book is out
You've got to get me out of here last last run to the dish station at the Sunset diner for Tom Sharplin
You have to get me out of here. All right. We'll get into that later now. I understand why you're
were uh...
all you know what i'll call down the rich and famous helicopter in the
land of airlift is both out of here to something better
the by the way of the book and reset now because this is what they do it on
pro-radio
my guest is john hodgeman
he's the author of more information than you require which is put out by
was your publisher dotton dotton dotton
Dutton as in Charles S. Exactly. It's his publishing company.
The first book with his autobiography. Rock. I am rock. I am the true rock.
Let's keep putting other books out. Watch. Why should we stop here? Let me talk about
my experience working with David Fincher and Alien 3.
He looked at some of the quarterly numbers coming back in. We did pretty good with this
thing. You know what? I'm going to pull the trigger on this.
let's find some other writers the book is in stores now and you can also you
can also go to John Hodgman's website which is what is it your areas you're
gonna start again ready yes www dot areas of my expertise dot com yes or book
of lists to book of lists and the number two book of lists number two dot com yes and you'll be
rerouted yes because and to explain the book of lists that trivia book from the 70s is a huge
inspiration to me as a child and as a young adult and then I really drew upon it as inspiration for
my first book so when the time and naturally the big inspiration for my second book was it's
sequel book of lists, too, which inspired my proposal for the second book,
more of the same but twice as long. And so I was talking about, and I found some
fascinating stuff in book of lists, too, and unfortunately for those authors,
they did not register the domain book of lists, too. So I figured I just grabbed
that up, because I know they're still out there. There's a lot of them still out
there. Irving? Well I think David Walachinsky is still out there. Irving Wallace I think
is passed away but I could be wrong. This is the family that the family that wrote trivia
books together. Those domain names are still out there the ones. You know which ones out
there? They don't. Should I even say it on the air? Because it's going to be gone. It'll
be gone within seconds. Yes. Write it down and tell me. Write it down and show it to
me and I'll tell you whether or not I'll write this down we'll see what if you
think that I should even say this out loud the phone number by the way is 201
209 9368 if you have a question for John Hodgman we will go to the phones on and
off throughout the program and was a long domain name how long is this domain
name. I'm almost done. There we go. Let's see. If you think that this is worth, I mean,
that'll be gone in one second. What's that? That'll be gone in one second. Yeah, I just
registered that today, actually. I'm cyber squatting on it right now. Is this really available?
Yes, I'm looking at it right now. It says, do you see that I own it now? It has not yet
been registered. I think your thing might not have gone. Your ownership. Just trust me.
Okay, trust me. I'm at the front of the line. I'm at the front of every line when it comes to this sort of thing
Why don't we take a couple calls and I'd be delighted and then maybe you can even read something from your book?
Yeah, only it's necessary. Let me tell you I'm tired. Okay. I've been on tour. I've been on tour with the book
For a month. I've been having a wonderful time meeting people all over the country answering questions reading from the why did you put wonderful and quotes air quotes?
I didn't put I wouldn't do an air quote, especially on the radio
don't you don't try don't try all right radio tricks accusing me of things okay
but I was like I'm I'm very much lean forward to coming here and talking to
my friend Tom Sharpling and let your hair down the people of the radio you
know what I'm saying you're not doing that this isn't the the dog and pony
show I got it I was at the dentist yesterday with some wisdom tooth
trouble mm-hmm I still my ear is still stuffed up from the airplane I smell
like airplanes do you want to know what you're not I look like 10 miles a road
I'll read from the book I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll say something I want
You know what I would like later what you did over here on the show? I don't know if you've ever heard this
There's this this guy who's my pro to J
He's my understudy. His name is the H man. Oh, Mm-hmm sure. H man, and he's uh
He has these facebook updates. Mm-hmm that he does okay, which are I've heard tell of this yes, they're there. They're
they are poetry
Maybe later if you could read some of them that I'd be delighted to be yes, but let's take some calls now
The phones are it's a full phone bank. How are these calls Mike?
No boy
Fm you you're on the air. Hey, how's it going? It's going all right. Who's this? This is Bob
Hey, Bob. I call I'm calling for a question for John. Yes. I'm sitting right here
How's it going? I'm a huge fan and I bought copies of your book for all my friend. Oh, thank you very much
I appreciate that no problem my new book or model book. I
Didn't hear that. I'm sorry. Never mind. It was a small petty question. It doesn't matter
Also a comedy writer and it's generally not very glamorous life your Canadian, aren't you?
No, no, I'm from Ohio. Oh, then you're not Canadian. You have no hope because I heard that okay. Well, quality
So your first
I'm not just to be a Canadian. Get Canadian as quickly as possible. Okay. I'm just looking for general
guidelines in the career of comedy writing before I take my own life. You do sound like a Canadian though. Say comedy again.
Sorry. Comedy? Yeah. Say sorry. Yeah.
Sorry. Well, that's your Canadian. Wait a minute. You're a liar.
No, no, I would just, I'll just mess you with you. Okay. Yes, it's sorry. We're in Ohio, say Ohio.
Ohio.
Well, that sounds like Ohio to me.
Yeah.
So what do you want?
You want an agent?
I'll be.
Either that or tomorrow's popularity.
What's your agent's name?
I'm already...
How quickly can you get here?
Because I've already called for the rich and famous helicopter.
Okay.
I can be outside in like 30 seconds.
Can you climb a rope ladder?
That's important.
Um, I'm going to need some help.
I know it's not...
It's not entirely accessible, I realize.
We're not really
So what do you where do you live in Ohio? I live in Kent
How about for someone who doesn't live in Ohio some someplace near there that I would
Does Kent very well know
Can't people were shot there one. Okay. Oh, okay. Very good. Are you go to the very good. I apologize. Yeah
Your graduates in what field
field
uh... english
and i've not been shot at yet okay i'm glad to hear that
uh... and you do comedy there you in an improv trooper or something like that
actually i kind of just uh... i do a lot of internet com you're running a
story for the uh...
the paper but we have some uh...
creative differences
uh... you had a problem with it
you had a problem with your jokes
you have a problem with the school newspaper
they didn't like jokes
exactly when you were reviewing the local restaurants and
And talking about were you putting jokes into news stories or are you doing a calm I find on this new comedy column
But then they thought jokes with her people really can't know what you say. Oh
I'm trying to help this guy. So what what do you want? Yes, that's the question. How old are you young man?
I'm 26. Okay. Mm-hmm. And you want it you you want comedy to rescue you from the life of being a
uh... perpetual english grad student
yeah i live in uh... in a cold cheap apartment i just heated up a little
burrito in a filthy oven and uh...
i don't believe any of that
i need a helping hand up john is what i'm saying
well what what what your goal what if you preview the press a button
what would be where would you be right now
uh... maybe writing for tv or something like that why why would you do that
uh... a living wage
john you could be the opera of comedy writers
I'll just say, if you're writing for the internet now,
then just, you know, that's what you need to do
is just need to find your voice and put it out there.
You don't need to rush,
you don't need to rush into a staff writing job
at a comedy show.
You know, Tom is very harsh about this.
But no, I don't disagree.
What the hell would you be doing?
You don't want to leap ahead,
that's something that's going to destroy your sense of humor.
But then again, you should be using this time
to develop your sense of humor online or in the newspaper or as a stand-up or
an improv group and enjoy yourself and enjoy the fun that you can have once
you're really being paid to write jokes it becomes it becomes tireless it is
hard work it's not it's not fun it's not as fun as just doing it for the fun of
it do you think I'm being paid to be here right now
no I don't know I'm correct I'm being paid a thousand dollars but you're
<E.D.> stuff
that's true but i'm still paying
usually you know you should do write a book a fake trivia work for me
but what did you want me to say come get on the helicopter
you can get it like uh...
john has been charity fun for uh... struggling comedy writers you know and
you got to do in all seriousness
oh i know i was saying take your lumps angrily
how about the take your lumps
just take your lumps
does that make it that's that's actually rascal it's even more scary
It's just more frightening.
You should enjoy it.
How many years of lump-taking should I invest in?
You will.
Until it happens.
Yeah.
You don't know.
You don't decide.
You don't get to tell them when you're done.
They tell you when they're done.
By them, I mean the fates.
You just get beat up and beat up and whoever is left standing maybe gets something thrown
their way.
Okay.
I mean, you can get, you can get any sort of job.
Right.
you can do the greatest comedy uh... of your life
for zero dollars and it will be fun
that's my recommendation for what it's a feeling that you
get a real is it's war
what john poshman has
should be yours
that's how you have to approach it
want you to go ready what it might have what i want you to do you go get a new
book
right on the cover there's a picture of
cut that out
and i do it and i do what milton burl was doing and i do what milton burl was
I'm telling him to go out there and tell facts jokes so that he fails, so that I can continue to live.
Is that what's happening?
No, but you're on the other side.
But you're through the door.
This guy hates you because you're through the door.
I understand.
You got through the door.
I have a more question for John.
Yeah?
Can I rip you off and be the Canadian John Hodgman?
Yes.
From Ohio.
That's my message.
From Ohio, because that's hilarious.
Yes, from Kent Ohio.
See?
Yeah, John Hodgman.
You want to know what young man? You hang in there. You keep fighting. I will do that. Good luck. FMU. You're on the air
I hung up on that's fine. He can go up. Hello. Hi. Hi, you're on the air. Hi Tom. Hi, Tom
Nice to you guys. What's your what is your name sir? My name is Ernest. Oh
From Jersey. Yeah, what part of New Jersey? I'm here in Peanut, New Jersey. So Bergen County. Oh, it's country. What's going on?
I just had a question for John, you know, you're on the air and in your book, you're promoting
your book, you're out there a lot in board these days, then you were probably when you
were writing for your first book.
And my question was just personally, do you think it's, is it weird for you that you're
being recognized more or is it awkward or is it, can you like sing by it somehow?
I don't I'm not sure. I mean, but it's very it's you it's very unusual and and still quite surreal to be approached by a stranger who
Knows you for what you do, you know, I've never met them before right and then they want to hug you
But I really happen
Occasionally people want hugs I had to shut down a line when we were doing the book signing
This this mean got started in the line people were coming up to have their book signed which is wonderful
And then this meme got started somebody asked for a hug and then it was like everyone in line wanted one
And fun and I was and it was getting it was getting rough. Let me tell you like I was being manhandled a lot
Too hard the hugs were too hard occasionally damp
And finally and finally I said there is still probably 25 people online
And a young woman who has been at every one of my readings
in Seattle, this was in Seattle, who I know from coming to these things.
She's a super caller, right?
Okay, yes.
And I love her and...
She is?
Janice, is her name.
No, no, no, but I mean, in my life.
Oh, and you're one of your super?
Okay.
She's someone I appreciate, yeah.
Okay.
And I said, and she's like, can I have a hug?
And I said, look, Janice, you know how I feel about you?
Mm-hmm.
I want to hug you.
Mm-hmm.
But I'm telling you, and everyone in line, no more hugs.
Mm-hmm.
I have to continue to go on tour.
I can't get totally sick and man-handled and bruised
by you people.
You can't take everything from me.
But that was the only time that, and people were angry,
but they got used to it, and I kissed Janice on the hand
because she's beautiful.
I see.
But I mean, that's what you're dealing with.
It's this weird combination of people just
want to show you affection, and that's wonderful.
And so I, and it is part of the transaction
I have taken with eyes open in terms of going on television and knowing that I would become
visible to people and that's just fine.
Do you prefer that people don't recognize you or is it to the point where you can't
walk alone and enjoy that?
I'm trying to control the whole world around me.
People are going to do what they're going to do, whether you are famous or not and you
have to deal with it.
There's a part in the book that when you actually discuss this, apparently you, sir,
Ernest, don't have the book.
I don't have the book yet. No, I have the first one, but no, not the second one because if you if you had the book
And you had read the book this question would have been answered. Just to say there was there was no prior reading requirement to call into the show. Thank you.
Thought it was implied
So what what was what was the part of my incredible book more information than you require that you wish to do refer to Tom?
When you when you're on the subway and you're dead and you're saying these the people don't you know?
Don't you have a television?
Don't you know, it's me. Yeah right here like that. Sometimes I get a little depressed if I go if someone if no one says anything
You know, that's that's funny because actually I did meet you sir on this on the train
Oh, okay, I had a feeling this was gonna turn creepy pretty soon
I kind of had a feeling where this was going
I didn't say anything then like I saw you and you were on the train. Yeah, you came in when I was when this train stopped
I think on like 34 to something and then you came on precise time. Was it sir? Do you remember? This was like maybe a
Little after lunch maybe two or one o'clock. Oh, Ernest. Yeah. Hey, how are you? Good to say hi? Yeah, FM you you're on the air
I'm very well, thanks, John. I'm a big fan. I love the first book. I've got the second book sitting here waiting to be read. Thank you, and I'm a law student. I can't read anything enjoyable for another two weeks, but you know what? I that's very classy of you to even claim that you have the second book. I appreciate it. Thank you.
for another two weeks but you know what i that's very classy of you to even
claim that you have the second book
i appreciate it thank you
uh... very much looking forward to it i had a question for you about
this side of the truth
that you
richly javates the ricki days from that very small part
and i just ask him how you came to be involved in that and what was the
experience like etc etc
uh... i came to have a small part in it because i back when i was a magazine
writer I had interviewed Ricky on stage for Sunday with The Times. This is
his live program. The Times magazine would do and I interviewed him on stage
and this is at a time when I had done The Daily Show for a little while but I
was still writing for the magazine. So I sort of in this in-between world and
Ricky, you know, you do these things. You come on Tom's show, you weasel your
way into Bruce Campbell's life. You do these things because you want to meet
the people. You become a magazine writer because you want to meet people who you
like and admire and that was certainly ricky in my case and
you know you hope hope hope that they'll you know they'll want to be best friends
and very very rarely in fact zero times has that happened but
ricki was very kind to read email me again
a few times and so we sort of stayed in touch and um...
you know he is an extremely generous gracious guy he will laugh at anything
you say
because he is very indiscriminate taste about humor
and uh...
and his laugh is very noticeable you can hear it from indeed
it's like it's like a high-pitched
cackling that hurts
and uh... but he's such a he's you know
a guy who came to worldwide renowned rather late in life when he
had developed into a real human being and has concepts of friendship and
loyalty and he is an admirer of other people's work and is not purely a
creature pure ego
and he likes to help people and i just happen to be lucky to be in his sights
when he wanted to help somebody that day
he asked me to do this very small role in the movie and it was a delight
a delight
But you know the story of that movie, right?
I mean, this is to give you an idea.
Ricky Gervais was being sent script after script after script
for movies to direct.
He got this script from this guy.
It was the second script he had ever written.
He had never had a script produced before.
Matt Robinson, a young guy.
He loved the script so much that he wanted to direct it.
And so he called up his agent, said, I will direct it,
but I want Matt Robinson to co-direct it with me.
And so suddenly, this guy's got a directing job out of nowhere
because he wrote a script that Ricky liked.
It's kind of like Frank Miller, with Sin City.
I'm not sure I see the parallel exactly, but maybe he could interview Matt Robinson for
Maxim.
Maybe I could interview Matt Robinson, Matt Robinson, also a very nice guy.
I went to go see Deanna Jones in the Kingdom of the Crystal Skulls at the end of my day
of shooting with him, kind of the whole experience.
Yeah, it was a good movie.
Did you like that, right?
Are you kidding?
No, I'm kidding.
You seemed horrified.
You seem to horrify every now and then you'll find one of those people
Very now, and then you'll find someone who did you some year. Did you see the movie?
Indiana Jones. Yeah, and they came into the crystal spell. Oh, it was pretty horrible. Oh
There are a lot of there are a lot of very talented people who are working on that movie and I'm so I'm sorry that it wasn't better than it was
It's all right. I forgive you
Thank you
You got you if I knew you're on the air told you was good. Do you have a cough button?
I do. Yeah, here he comes. Should I press it now? When tell me when? My son doesn't
fax anymore. FMU, you're on the air.
Dude, call on four, Mike. Seriously. Now he's, you know, he's now he's touching the head,
the giant, uh, John Hodgman head. Yeah.
FM you're on the air. Hello Tom, John. How are you tonight? Good. How are you? I'm very
well. This is Joe from Seattle. Hi, Joe. Did I hug you in Seattle? No, no, I didn't
see you in Seattle. I haven't read any of your work, but I'm running out to get it right
now. Oh, thank you very much. A convert. I am a convert. The nice thing about my books
is that we have an arrangement that if you buy my book, it frees you from the obligation
to read it
really
on the shelf and good yeah you're done your your job is done it says but
put it in a prominent place
and it will say
all you need it to say about it the type of person you are
and if anybody asked me a question i just point to the book just go up
so all right um... i have the question for you
um i was reading your Wikipedia page it says you're a yearly that is accurate
so i was wondering in this way like everything else in my wikipedia page
by the way
mister
i said like everything else in my wikipedia page it is true that i went to
you
okay
uh...
and i don't want to
brought any touchy subjects but um... what is your take on school in bone
do you have any experience with that is it
total myth
you know i don't really speak to many aliens
will you explain to the gentleman that i've left the room place
He left the room in a huff.
I don't have any experience with skull and bones.
I was not in skull and bones.
I was not in any of those secret societies that they use instead of, you know, instead
of for people who don't know, instead of fraternities at Yale, they have secret societies where
people wear robes and hug one another, let's say.
And they have a cappella singing groups, all male and female a cappella singing groups,
and co-ed too, because they can't do anything normal there.
And were you in either?
No, I wasn't.
I wasn't.
And I regret it.
I didn't join any of those groups.
You really regret it?
No, you don't.
I do.
I do.
I really wanted to at least see the inside of one of the, they have these enormous club
houses that were designed by the private architect for the Vanderbilt's, like back in the early
20th century these enormous ornate they look like libraries and they have no
windows and I really freshman year I really wanted to see the inside of one
I finally was invited to a party and I got very excited I called my old friend
we came down and do you want to take do you want to take that call somebody
knows that they can hear my thing and they keep you give that to me give it to
It's somebody you'll get this back in June. It's somebody in the room. Oh, I say yeah. Well, he's right. You know what? It's not
It's not a great story. Anyway, I'm sorry. That's okay. I'm sorry Joe, and I'm sorry John
Joe, I'll add I'll add something to my Wikipedia page that will explain what I was going to say. I'm so embarrassed right now
I'm so in the flash right now
That's what Willie Ames said on
On celebrity fit club when they showed up at his front door unannounced filming him
They were like hey will you didn't show up at today's weigh-in and he was like I am so in the flesh right now
That you guys are here. What does it mean? I have no idea
I think I've searched it and I don't think it was anywhere. No one has ever seen no one knows
It's in Ames-ism
FM you you're on the air hi Tom. Hi, John. Hello. Hi
looking forward to reading your new book I bought it for my girlfriend for her
birthday well thank you happy birthday to her what's your name sir my name is
Pat I'm calling from Buffalo New York fantastic when is your girlfriend's
birthday it was in early November oh I say has she finished reading my book are
you waiting for her to finish so that you can read it I don't know as I mentioned
Have you met your girlfriend?
I have.
I have.
Look at that as stealing if people pass the book around.
There's a little bit of stealing involved in that.
It's part of book culture.
But you're on the other side of that now.
Now you're...
I'm very angry at libraries for giving my book out for free to children.
Yeah.
Because it's just there for anyone.
That's taking food out of my mouth.
That's a negative sale right now.
now. Exactly. But no, I think buying books as gifts, sharing them, passing them
around. That is part of the art of enjoying books. I'm not going to lie.
And or getting rid of books. This is what somebody said to me. They said, hey, I got
that Artie Lang book. They said, I got the new Artie Lang wrote a book. And I was
like, all right. And then they were like, they were like, hey, you want, when I'm
done with it. Do you want me to lend it to you? And this is actually how guilty,
weirdly, how I'm hardwired and a very troubling way. I actually almost bought
it. The book I have no interest in ever reading because it's like, no, no, no,
someone threatened to lend it to you. No, no, I can afford my own copy, thank you
very much. I almost bought it. And I was like, in the books, looking at it, I'm
like, I will never, like on the back of the book, this already laying book, like
The picture has him with a bunch of guys who look like they're like dancers or something and it says it's just like
It has this like thing written in the scroll that fake computer scroll like when this looks like supposed to be written like
Bathroom wall graffiti, but it's not on like if there's a font for that on a computer and it's like I'll explain this
Homo stuff in the next book. It's like
right there. I didn't have to open the book and I was like, thank you. Thank you,
already Lang. You convinced me not to even open your book to see how much it
costs. I'm going to go buy a copy right now. I'm going to go get one because the
good will. Exactly. I'm especially around this time of year. Here you go, like if
somebody unwrapping that and they unwrap it upside down and the first thing
they're seeing is, well I'll tell you about this homo stuff in the next book.
oh Merry Christmas so what's your question I don't feel I'm glad you
bought the book for your girlfriend for her birthday if she indeed exists I
do not feel that you are stealing from me okay I'm not gonna lie and say I
haven't stolen me before first on one and then read the book before I gave it
to them but I just didn't have time that's fine that's fine you'll get to it
I'll get to it thank you FM you you're on the air hey Thomas Brad out in
science rich
hey how are you good uh... hey i didn't get a chance to listen to
much of the show at all but i want to make sure i didn't miss uh... you and
your guest doing uh... pigskin pics
uh...
okay no no no we didn't even get to that yet okay okay
that's always my favorite part of your show what's that the pigskin yeah
i don't know that i don't
tom i don't know what does it's football stuff i mean i know you're a sports guy
no so
i don't even know the rules to football
be a part of that segment
will give it a shot
okay i think i'm going to leave him
well i mean do you want to get it started brand yeah i'd love to
okay uh... thursday at cardinals at that eagles
uh... i i know donovan uh... was bent halfway through uh... the last game
that horrible lost the ball to more
but coach read already uh... said he's got a quarterback this game
my question for you is ken mcknab who had to terrible weeks can he have a
return to form
i'm gonna say no i'm gonna say the uh... the dominant donovan mcknab era is
over in in philadelphia
okay how about mr hodgkins what do you think
out
take the opposite position
what he said was wrong
okay how's that
perfect okay just to keep it interesting i'll have a way that out okay
feelers uh... uh... patriot uh... right now the line is one and a half points
with uh... new england uh...
caffle
he's racking up some huge yardage
what uh... what do you think about that
can they do it in the post-radio what do what do what exactly when when
or when the football game back yet
yes they can do it great i'm i'm feeling that this is great here
for sure
or some quick blast uh... yeah i'm ready at uh... buccaneers
what do you mean by at
they're playing uh... in in tampa
uh... you think that's what i said a third team
which which is the sport
football right but yeah yeah
the oblong one
exactly yeah i thought the lake is on it saying
say that they want to go to say that buccaneers versus tampa
saint
that's a team
okay thanks got you they're playing tampa bay
the buccaneers that their their team they have like a
of a buccaneers yeah and their pirates of some kind well that's on their on
their helmet
do you know where the term buccaneer comes from it's like a pirate right
actually curious to know
i'd love to hear
uh... in in the in the caribbean
where the the art of barbeque was first
uh... perfected and reggae okay indeed
uh... that's true at round the same time i guess
but uh... the that they would roast uh... pigs uh... and they would call it in
in sort of the spanish creole boucan
and the privateers and pirates who would come to the caribbean and stop
and they would eat
and they were called
they ate those they would be called boucan ears or buccaneers
and how amazing
that it was a pig and
we call that the pigs can pick
that's it's true
that's circles within circles isn't it
all right but the answer the answer is buccaneers and five innings perfect
okay
uh... can see chief at uh... oakland chiefs obviously
perfect okay
uh... what do you think that
uh... i'm probably i'll go to cheese also great okay brad yeah how much are
you betting on these game i like two thousand dollars on each game why
and you but you're coming up with your own
uh...
your own kind of take on the you're not just letting uh...
john hodgman inform how you're betting absolutely famous
because he's famous yet okay i actually think that makes a lot of sense i know
it does
all right uh... final one uh... bears at vikings
uh... bears at vikings yet uh...
are the actual bears or
or
uh... okay uh...
i'm gonna say uh... vikings because they discovered north america
perfect okay uh... tom yeah
what do you think i'll go with the bears
who will take it
who should i pick
uh...
i would pick the vikings okay
there you go he's more famous
perfect okay uh...
it's going to be it was great i am going to be loaded
uh... uh... two thousand dollars yeah and i was like six games you just actually
back and i'm getting ten thousand dollars on which i don't actually have
well that's the
i don't think that that sounds very wise it's just fun
well i could be
potentially catastrophic in your life but it's a little is
are you independently wealthy no no god no
what do you do for a living pardon me what do you do for a living i work at a
bottle cap factory
oh i see you know in what what uh...
capacity i picked up the broken bottle cap
you're like the low-man on the totem pole at the bottle cap back exactly
fourteen-year-old boy is my boss
uh... where where is this factory located
science bridge
okay
the plastic bottle caps or or metal bottle cap old-fashioned
right yeah met the metal the metal one's yeah
yeah not a lot of
call for those now
except in those retrosold absolutely at the whole it's a whole vintage thing
that it's huge and broken but i suppose if you are a single person and no one's
relying on you you can gamble as much money as you like well that we're kind
of get screwy oh really yeah people you have a
do you have a family four x lives oh wow
guess how many kids i have uh... wait wait wait okay i'm i was so good with the
peaks in pics i bet i can get this yeah oh yeah
uh... i'm gonna say or what's the spread
i don't know what that means here i don't even know what i'm doing
you're not even going to really know what does it mean
uh... uh... this that i don't
the spread tom you help me here the spread is the spread is a point it's a
point differential exactly it's a handicapping of the uh... the uh... is
factoring in
that it's not a straight-up
this team
versus that team it's kind of bridging that gap to make the bedding more
competitive right so it's not that you're betting for
say the the red Sox baseballers to win but win by a certain amount or something
right if they're playing a lesser team yes you have nine children I went
completely off the rails when when he said differential so I didn't hear any
of that I thought you're talking about a car for that whole thing a car so they
make a model called the differential I don't know isn't that part of a car oh
uh... i thought that i would like a hundred differential i don't know
i don't know uh... i would not know if you're close really yeah i think
yes i guess but not on the money i guess i would have probably done an over
under for the children say like
select ten would be the over under like a just like an end
you would have picked the under
okay for real term
what's that over under
it's a gambling term yet okay i was just like
mimicking what i i've heard on tv
uh... what programs are you hearing this
pardon me
what programs are you hearing people talk about gambling
uh... what's it called yes pan
uh... yeah
of sometimes on that
uh... yeah
so you have you have eleven children yeah yeah
and you have four x-wise yeah you have a current wife
defined current
what you
uh... not good
uh... a future a future x-wise yeah
uh... future x mrs rick so you're never you're never gonna get why she's
mad at me
Because you work in a bottle-cat factory that's part of it. I'm gonna say it's the gambling. It is the gambling. Yeah. Oh, really?
Yeah, sorry and the beatings. Oh, she won't beat me. Oh, okay. All right. Goodbye
I'm not gonna go there with that creep
If I'm you you're on the air. Wow, hey, hey Tom. Hey John. It's Frank for we talking. Hi Frank. How are you? Hey, how's it going?
Quick question. I'm coming more from the tactical background from work and stuff
I'm wondering just for a curious thing what your current home setup is
My current
You're gonna break into his house
No, no, no, not like the alarms like, you know, can't like on the windows
Can you fax me a blueprint of your home as well as a map of the air ducts that I can
Incroll through in order to drop into your nerve center. Yeah, like your laser schematic. I are not in
What is that I do use the computer?
I have an iMac computer that I use at home and I have an iPhone too and what's the other
products that I like?
Oh, the MacBook Air and then iPod for when your exercise.
I have an iPod to put underneath the short leg of the coffee table.
But I enjoy the Apple products and have done for many, many a year before I was employed
by them and I'm very glad to tell you these things but why do you which are you still
there?
Yeah, I'm still here.
Do you do you do you feel satisfied with my answer or would you like to follow up?
No, I'm just always curious on you know what do you think?
What are you using?
Different set up just because I do more technical stuff and I'm always interested in hearing
about it.
What sort of technical stuff do you do?
Like video engineering work.
Oh, okay.
So what do you what do you have?
What do you have your home computer set up?
computers uh...
dole g4 mac
uh... what i was brought up on the news for uh...
for a while as well myself
uh... a day at a tower
a tower okay
though the dole g4 right very good
and uh... and you're satisfied with it
uh... you know it's
for what i'm able to afford right now with it works and get the job done for
mike
media webcast are you uh... are you
uh... asking me for a free computer
still not okay
No, no, no, don't worry any any thoughts you'd like me to pass along up the ladder as it were no
You know, you know, just keep doing your thing. They can call in and
Just something out of the blue. Thank you very much and and what is your home alarm system set up
Do you have an alarm system at your home? The pin starts with a zero. That's the first three digits three digits total
Zero password got it. Thank you
That's very fascinating call.
The questions that people have been waiting for the answers to.
People get very upset when they learn that I use a Macintosh.
As if you're that guy and you're supposed to be like, you're supposed to go buy a Dell
or something.
PC users see that character as something of their, you know, pudgy champion.
Or PC users might look at you though, knowing you'd use Mac as like a, like a, like a minstrel
a turncoat right oh my gosh you're right you're you're the like the the the kingfish
of personal computers that's true that's true i'm wearing the garb
fm you you're on the air with john hodgman
line four unproductive tonight the second flame out on line four
If I'm you you're on the air. Oh, I asked for that line to be held clear for
werewolves. That's why. Like the art bell program. Hello? George Norrie. Are you
on the are you on the? Sorry, I'm sorry. I'm not up to date. I'm not
offended. You are retired. The George Norrie program. Yes. Well, coast to coast.
Yes. And does Whitley Street were still do weekends? He does not. Occasionally
art will. Oh, really? So I guess he's not totally retired. Well, he's retired from
Maybe I was referring to that to that program fair enough if I'm you you're on the air
Hi, Tom and John. How's it going good? How are you? I'm doing wealth
This is Thomas calling from New Canaan Connecticut. What's not that voice? That's an announcer's voice
Are you in are you in radio or you professional radio announcer? No, I'm not I'm actually a little thick right now
Oh, I say what do you have a?
Cold I guess with seasonal allergy kind of thing Adam. I'm not sure. Yeah
Yeah. Are you taking any of your, are you taking anything for it?
It's like cough drops. Are you wearing a scarf right now?
You should try wearing a scarf. Keep your neck warm.
Okay. Well, thank you very much.
I'm glad I have another question. Oh, you do. Okay, very well.
That's not seeking medical advice. No, I'm not.
You played a doctor in baby mama.
I played a fertility specialist. Okay.
That's true. And the baby mama has your fertility.
yet
are you a fertile man
i'm sorry to do the question are you a fertile man
do you probably i don't i don't know i have not really um... you produce enough
spurs to produce a human child
i haven't really tested that out yet that's what i want it is not a this is not
midnight blue uh...
does not al goldstein
doing a family program
you said g
you said g
These are these are matters of PG. That's not PG. This is PG. Look, I'm okay with PG. I was
comfortable. PG, you were the one. These are these are these are matters of medical science.
Would you hear this in, uh, Wally, would they use that word? The S word? No. Would they use
it in, uh, the, uh, this gentleman, Jonas Brothers movie, the concert film, the Hannah
Montana Jonas Brothers gone I guarantee you general admission from now on I won't
touch on any topics of simple bodily function that make you uncomfortable sir
you have a question I'm sorry yes I do you are as a former professional
literary agent I was wondering if you had any advice for Tom because I know he
yeah I'm gonna get to this now you're stepping on my toes now I don't need
I got this thing paced out to the minute.
Yeah, but now I see where it's going.
You mentioned the book of Hola.
Hey, the book's sold more information than you require.
It is hilarious.
And I'm telling you, everybody should get a copy.
Thank you.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, Tommy, John.
How you doing?
It's Mike and Manhattan.
Hey, how are you?
Oh, pretty well.
Pretty well.
That's festive over there.
What's going on?
Are you having a party?
It's a friendly get together.
I figured I'd duck out and just make a quick phone call to you guys.
Thank you for skipping your party.
Yeah, well, like I said, it's a friendly get together.
It's not a party.
How many times do I have to tell you?
It's not a party!
I'm sorry.
It is a friendly get together.
I just want to let you know I was praying for we talking and we found out that Mr. Leonard
from the Z morning zoo has a book coming out of one of the one of the one that's all
I needed to hear Mr. Leonard from the Z morning zoo has a book coming out what great what's
the name is mr. Leonard there now the you know mr. Leonard with the sneaker phone from
i don't know i don't
i haven't heard the z morning zoo since i uh... since i was sixteen
i don't know what mister lennard has been up to see still on that show
i don't think so
it's mister it's mister lennard's book of a thousand and one facts jokes
or a thousand one
this kind of having a conversation
he's like the the middleman on this thing
tell them about the data that they're asking about the data that they're
having a they're having a listening part of the i'm sorry listening friendly
get together listening friendly get together
we have john hodgman in the studio
the author of uh... more information than you require the star
i say star mining say co-star thanks of the uh...
movie baby mama that's true i was
i was top billing
top billing
you were talking because it was the white background on the poster but if
they kept pulling out
you would have seen you
larger than those then uh... white background was just just the dicky on my
white shirt
they pulled out
you would see a gigantic picture of me
they you've talked about uh... about uh... how in your your
acting career affected
you
jump the line so to speak my in trouble not cuz i said
I made that reference to a part of a shirt called a Dickey.
No, well, that could be in a...
It's sartorial, Tom.
It's sartorial.
I know.
That could be...
You were asking a question.
I apologize.
I'm tired.
I'm tired.
My two thirds.
Sounds like...
Do you know I enjoy your program so much?
You do?
Yes, I do.
The agreement that is Tom Sharpling.
Really?
The human embodiment of agreement.
You seem aggrieved and that and that and that is cathartic to me to listen to
It really is just me and the microphone every week
Just letting it just getting it all off my chest and when you say nice things about my book that seem very genuine
It unnerves me because that's not I read it. No, I know it. It's the part when you talked about in the book
I was laughing out loud the one thing that killed me first of all you have the all the little
the little daily things. What do you refer to them as in the book?
Today, in the past.
On every page, the calendar year is tracked through the whole book.
Because no one made my first book into a page-day calendar and then frustrated me.
So I took a preemptive strike here.
And you would prefer that people rip the page out of the book as each day passes?
Like a page-a-day calendar.
Okay.
That's how you enjoy a page-a-day calendar.
You can buy two copies. You can buy one as a page-a-day calendar and you read it
The way you would a page a counter you look at the incredible this day in history sort of today in the past factoid
Mm-hmm for that date, and then you tear it out and then you buy a second copy to tear apart in whatever order you want
Now do you have a preference?
Whether people read the book straight through and then go and read all the page a day things or do you want everybody on a page by page basis?
I really encourage people to not read the book straight through it certainly was not written that way
And I encourage is not designed to be enjoyed that way
okay it is enjoyed to be is designed to be enjoyed you know you pick up and you
flip through and you find something interesting that you read maybe you're
in the in the men's room in the bathroom near the shore taking a bath or what
happened yeah what am I doing there combing your hair it's a it's an old
fashioned hair combing book yes it's a sort of book that gets left behind in a
summer house you know so it's like after the third Bloody Mary you go have to
take a break on the couch and you read a few pages then you toss it back into the
the bookshelf next to the oldie and Fleming books,
that's how it's designed to be read.
Not straight through literature,
I think that would drive a person in saying.
Did you read it that way, Tom?
I did read it straight through.
I'm sorry, I am too.
I read it, I want to be, I'm,
I take this very seriously.
I know.
I wanted to be able to look you in the eye
and say, I have read this in the book.
Well, you are, you're a person of honor.
Exactly, I think it is.
I know, I know that that's true.
Because as I'm reading this thing,
realizing these page-of-day things. It's like watchmen. It's like your, there's
like your pirate story. It pulls out. Oh, you wore my nerd's hearts, Tom. This guy's
taking on two things at once as he's telling this thing. But you had one
thing in here that killed me. You're talking about the debate, when
And you referenced the snowman.
What your debate was it that had the snowman?
It was early on in 2007, the YouTube debate.
Yes, but then you referenced it as something that had happened in a past debate.
It was part of the famous Lincoln Douglas.
That's right.
That's right.
That a snowman asked.
Ask.
Ask Lincoln whether or not you could actually consider an African-American person to be
a human.
That was a very provocative question at the time, best asked by a snowman much as it
was important in 2007 to admit snowmen into our political discourse then as well.
Now do you feel...
But that seems like ancient history doesn't it?
That's snowman.
Yeah, that feels like a Milton Burl facts joke now, so millions of years ago.
Do you agree with my supposition, that's not the right word, do you agree with this
Notion how's that I think you're I think the word you're looking for is differential and again
This is what I usually don't have these up market guests like this guys who are smart
You should hear the guys who come in here look, and I love them. I love them dearly
I get these these comedians come through here. I like that Paul F. Tomkins. Yeah, I get guys like that
There's a there's a man in the streets. I mean, but this guy barely understand what he's saying through that fact Philadelphia accent
that's exactly it
you've got a guy like that and
he doesn't even right in a t-v
so laugh a minute when he's here for a laugh a minute sure he's funny and as
one of the funniest guys going
you don't turn you don't look there
for
for lack of a word thought
look i don't
you're being a little mean towards polyp tomkins
you know he he kind of gave me the high hat on best week ever
uh... i saw that
and i was angry at that i don't know if you have a high hat
i came on the show
to talk about the book
at his invitation
and then it's all it's all you have to
he he turned his nose up at me yeah i don't know what happened i still love
him
i i think he's one of the most inspiring comedians to me working today yes
i am constantly
i'm constantly going into polyftompkins voice and stopping myself from doing it
because he is so infected my brain
I love him, but I don't know, you know, I hope someday we can be friends again.
Yes.
Someday.
But you are an upmarket guest, and I can ask a question like this.
Yeah.
Do you think the 2012 presidential campaign, which I think is important, we all start considering
now, by the way?
I know.
I think it's been two weeks.
Why?
It's almost December.
Yes.
We all need to start pondering what that's going to be all about.
Do you think that the cast of Saturday Night Live will moderate one of the debates?
No.
Literally.
I think it will get, I think in 2012 there will be a debate.
I'm not saying it's going to be a presidential debate.
I'm saying the, hey, the Democratic, or not the Democratic one, because ideally it would
not, it would be a nightmare of all of a sudden, there was a full on nine candidates running
for president.
Right.
For the Democratic ticket in 2012.
went horribly wrong, and that's a wide open field, which I don't even want to know what
that would be.
But say the Republican debates of 2012, all of a sudden they have to trot all those
guys 11.30 on a Saturday night.
A lot of things could change between now and then, but my feeling is that you're wrong,
and here's why.
Okay.
2007, you had the YouTube debate, you had a snowman asking the question.
In the primaries, you had George Stephanopoulos asking Barack Obama with a straight face
why he wasn't wearing a flag pin.
By the time we got to the presidential debates, no, and a time for that nonsense anymore.
The economy was collapsing, people were worried, and the reason that Barack Obama won those
debates was he wasn't playing those games.
He was simply talking as though things mattered, and people were responsive to that.
So the trend was from silly to serious and engaged.
Do you think anybody's gonna get all of that exactly that's gonna go out the window as soon as well
These guys just need to get on television, right? I see what you said 2012. This is what I'm gonna see you're gonna see
That creep from Louisiana
Jindle Bobby jindle you're gonna see that guy. Yeah
Yeah, doing a character. He's not even gonna be on as himself. He's going to come on in the tar
He's gonna be in the target there will be shenanigans. There will be shenanigans for sure
He'll be the new employee at Target in the in the Kristen wig target sketch. I don't doubt
I don't doubt it at all. They're good. I don't think they're gonna host it to be they're gonna be judged on their sketch work
You think yes, yes, I think that's gonna be a component of the 2012
I didn't see McCain do himself on the on the SNL when he came in.
It was very vibrant.
He would people say he had come along.
Yeah.
He's an entertainer.
Everyone at the every one of the Daily Show loves having him on the show.
They love him personally.
He's engaging and fun and he's got a great sense of humor.
Yeah.
But I think that he's I think that's his future.
Yeah, he clearly prefers that he didn't want to be president at all.
He would I bet he would have committed suicide if he had won.
Wow, wow, he would have just said this this is this is not what it's like wait
I what like he would have November something that he wanted for so long that he
had forgotten what it was exactly he would have just said hold on a minute
wait I've got to go do this now for for every second I'm tired it'd be like now
if you had to go run the country yeah you're exhausted from this book tour I
I know, I'm nothing.
I'm a cream buff.
Imagine if you were on the-
I'm a junior's cheesecake.
You were running.
Follow on the inside.
Because I scooped it out with my hand.
If you were on a 30 year book tour.
Yeah.
And then all of a sudden you had to go run the con-
Come on.
I want that guy to have a vacation.
Let's burn through some of these calls.
Then I'm going to ask you to read the H-man's things here.
I'd be delighted.
And then I'm going to make my pitch to you.
Here we go.
F.M.U.
You're on the air.
Hi Tom.
Hi.
Who's this?
This is Lori.
From.
Miami.
How are you?
All right.
Well, you guys know each other.
She knows the program.
Lori and I have never met.
How are you, Lori?
Well, I saw you once.
Oh, did you?
In an apple store.
Oh, really?
It was last year doing a Stephen Colbert Jesse Thorne.
Oh, yes.
Jesse Thorne interviewing Stephen Colbert.
I was there.
Did we say hello at the time?
Is it Thorne or Thorne?
I didn't bother you.
It's Jesse Thorpe.
Thorne.
The what?
America, the Kid America or something?
America's Radio Sweetheart.
That's right.
I'm sure it's Thorpe.
There's the aggrieved Tom Sharpling I've been looking for.
I'm sure it's Thorpe.
I think it's Jesse Gilthorpthorn.
That's why you're confused, because his middle name
is the name of a old-fashioned comic strip.
Kid America.
Kid America himself, broadcaster of the stars.
He interviewed Stephen Colbert at the Apple Store.
I was there, and so is Lori.
Did we say hi at the time?
I didn't bother you.
Oh, it wouldn't have been a bother.
These are the, I'm sorry, Laurie, I ran out.
Nice people.
These are these up-market gigs that,
what's this guy doing at the Apple Store?
Jesse Thorpe doing that thing.
I think the Apple Store recommends his podcast.
This show is a money pit for me.
I lose money every week coming here doing this thing.
You know, I get this guy, wet behind the ears.
Ah, I'm at the Apple Store,
Stephen Colbert, John Hodgman.
I, here's how this is gonna go, Laurie.
You and I are gonna have a conversation
and every now and then we'll pause
so that Tom can say what he needs to say
and so now get your question in quick and then i'll think about the answer and
we'll give him another chance and ask why do you think a dickman patent doesn't
recommend uh...
i eat my cat
cat food cuz you know they've been on the dickman patent cat food for a while
uh... you're referring to dickman patent's natural balance
brand
of all natural dog and fat foods.
He makes Dick Van Patten, the former star of A is enough, now makes high quality pet
foods and this was brought to my attention because a cartoonist name of Aplad told me
about Dick Van Patten's hobo chili for dogs, which is a pet food that Dick Van Patten is
making apparently for hobo dogs and he feels very strongly that the product is so good.
This is a real product, and he believes very strongly the product is so high quality that
he will eat, humans will eat, can eat the food, the dog food, but you're saying that
he recommends, but you have cats, if I understand this correctly.
Yeah, I don't think it's been marketed that I, as a cat owner, should eat my cat.
You're saying there's a differential, if you will, between the marketing of the dog
food, which Dick Van Patten claims is good enough for humans to eat, and the cat food,
which is just only good enough for those disgusting cats.
Is that what you're saying?
Yeah, I'm a little concerned that I'm not giving my cat a quality product. Have you tried feeding them hobo chilli hobo chilli for dogs?
It's not just for hobo dogs anymore
Does the cat food look appealing to you? It's a grain free
What more
Laurie, I would love to keep talking to you my mic is waving in the background saying he's holding up a sign
It says move on, please
Take it up with Mike.
Nice to see you again, Lori.
Do we need to pause?
She's long gone.
If I'm you, you're on the air.
Hey, Thomas, listen to T.
It's a quality caller.
How are you doing?
Oh, thank you so much.
I would like to say hello to Dr. Hodgeman.
Hello.
I am not a doctor.
I have a bachelor's degree.
Oh, all right.
Bachelor Hodgeman.
I want to say I'm a bachelor.
I don't like that.
I like it a lot.
he would have said it explains why i'm wearing the smoking jacket now sir
so yes we we met briefly actually at uh... uh... boos clues
last year in los angeles
yes in los angeles and you were there with uh... i know you yes of course
jesse thorp and you were wearing a
jughead hat right
did indeed i was that i i was indeed that that is me you know you were with uh...
with
Neopolic as well. That's true my old friend Neopolic and I were were teammates on a trivia
pub trivia night in Los Angeles in which you compete and win all the time as my
understanding. Well this guy was on Jeopardy. This guy on the phone right now.
Jughead? Yes. Jughead who we are talking to right now was on Jeopardy and cleaned up.
Really? I did I did well I won yes but I was wondering they are starting up again and I was
wondering whether you were going to be back in town
uh...
that we i would love i would love to do another
here come real-life trivia throw down the button here comes the bot
as soon as
as soon as he's not gonna i'm out there and they're doing at the same time and
i have that evening free that is a no i shall be
i'm i'm when is the next one
uh... the next one is actually next tuesday and then i don't know i think
they're trying to start it up again uh... was going to do it on a on a
monthly if they still are you still dominating are you still dominating
the trivia game
they actually haven't had it for about six months to the people who ran it i
think had uh...
some business in new york and and uh...
though it's been it's been out of commission for a little while but that
uh... working on it don't be modest
you're honestly honestly i think i did i had a very good run and then uh...
then they they sort of faded away and now they're they're starting back up
again so uh...
who are the two female leads in the birds
uh... tippy headroom
and and the teacher the teacher
uh... mary kraine was uh... uh...
uh... i'm sorry and at least
but not
the birds the birds
uh...
you can't babble on like this
Bob Newhart.
Think Bob Newhart.
Oh, come on.
Bob Newhart.
Think Bob Newhart.
Tom Posten.
Suzanne Plashette.
Okay.
Oh, right.
Suzanne Plashette.
So you win.
No, no.
I saw it wasn't a contest.
Oh, I'm sorry.
When it is a contest, I lose.
I also was wondering, you mentioned the acapella singing groups at Yale.
Yes.
And I...
You asked me a tribute.
I saw you at a McSweeney's night at Redcat a couple years ago.
cat a couple years ago mm-hmm with uh... john o'clock yeah
colton who is a with me is a with them who indeed
is a former with them who so uh... you have a trivia question for me
to stop me uh... that you do it very easily
uh... i i'm owed this you know that i'm owed a stumper
okay
uh...
almost talking about uh...
except for the poor baby names
Mm-hmm. Um, do you happen to know the the name of Jermaine Jackson's trial? I know this
It is
Suzanne Plashette. Oh, I know. Can I say it? I don't know. What is it? It is
Your Majesty that is correct
Wow
Yes, that's a duck. That's a gasp for two reasons. Yes one because it was awesome and the time got that in two because that's insane
Yes, thank you. Listen to you. I gotta get it. Thank you very much. Thank FM you. You're on the air
Hey, how you doing? It's a
Trembling Eagle. Hi, Trembling Eagle. What's going on? And nothing much man. Uh, hello, mr. Hodgman. Oh, hello Trembling Eagle. How are you?
very well, I love your book
especially the audio especially the audio book portion and
I was wondering are you gonna do a audio book version of the new book that it's a question that comes up quite a bit and
And I will do an audio version of the new book with Jonathan Colton, but we will probably
be going into the studio to record it sometime after the holidays would be my guess.
Awesome.
Can I ask one other thing?
But if you read aloud to yourself, it's almost the same thing.
Oh, no, I could never be.
Thank you.
One other question?
Yes.
Yeah, you can put me down.
That's the next question.
You can talk about my being being a fat blob again.
I'm caught in the middle of something.
I love you.
He looks fantastic, by the way.
Yeah.
He's like a linebacker over there.
I have many interests.
One of my interests is, you really look?
Bad hip hop.
You're a man of many enthusiasms, I understand, Trembling Eagle.
I'm fascinated by new religious movements, specifically ones that are unique to America.
The Church of Latter-day Saints, for example.
Yes
I don't like that
You're on the air. What is it?
Tony Brooklyn. How are you doing? I mean the guy's like the guy and live and let die who did the seven up commercials. Oh
You never had it never will. Oh, yes
Autobiography never had it never will FM you you're on the air
there
if i'm spoonie brooklyn i don't spoonie this is a good call or how are you
tonight
um... i'm fine i have a question for john real fast and you guys get a
turnover
or thank you as you go ahead i will i will attempt to be less long-winded
out of respect for you
it
please don't
not not not i'm not i might be happy what is your question you have
go ahead
i wondered uh... how you
came into hosting the or
hosting the auction for last year's e-i-g-a christmas party
i remember attending that specifically
to you know i was wondering if you never report all those guys how you know them
well i have a uh... the the the short answer is sam pots who is an old
high school friend of mine and a amazing graphic designer the designer of both
of my books
among many other things asked me to do it and i was more than happy to because
i owe him many a favor and uh... how do i have a natural report designers
I tend to have a natural rapport with anyone who sits alone in a room for a long period
of time and hates themselves.
So that's how I get along with designers and radio DJs and all sorts of creative fun
people.
We're all a happy club.
All right.
Thanks a lot.
Thank you.
Thanks, Bonny.
FM, you're on the air.
Good evening, Tom.
Hi.
Who's this?
This is Stephen in Chicago.
Stephen in Chicago.
How are you tonight?
I'm well.
How are you, sir?
Okay.
Good.
I know you're burning through calls.
I'll be very quick.
Yes.
I saw you at Second City about a month ago.
Did you record the show by any chance?
I did not record the show, unfortunately.
It was very funny, but.
Thank you.
I had a good time.
I wish I had a recording of that show.
Yeah, it was very fantastic.
Do you know what they said to me after?
I said, did you have to record that show?
I said to the lovely woman, it seems as she said, no.
And I was going to ask if we could record it,
but then I thought that would be rude.
No.
I know, and it's lost to time.
Well.
But you and I remember you and I have that connection now.
I had a ball.
But the reason why I'm calling is about a week ago, you inspired me.
I was at a bar.
I'm glad.
I'm glad I can inspire people to go to bars.
That's fantastic.
I was kind of not feeling it.
And I was with some friends, and I still wasn't feeling it.
And then I looked over the bartender's shoulder,
and I saw a bottle of Jebson's Mallord.
Oh yes, the rare and bitter and largely disgusting liqueur of Chicago,
Jefferson's Mallort.
Which I'd never heard of until I watched you consume.
Flavored?
This is the copy on the back of the bottle.
I think I can remember it verbatim.
Flavored with an unusual botanical period.
No further explanation required.
And it was, I had a shot of it, and it was the worst shot of liqueur.
I found it.
I liked it.
I enjoyed it.
I had quite a bit on stage that night.
I was very impressed by your strength after consuming one shot.
Thanks.
So anyway, I enjoy hearing from people
I've met all around the country as I've toured the book around.
We're all checking in.
It's very exciting.
We're all friends.
So you've been here for an hour and 45 minutes.
It feels like an hour and 40.
I think you can conclude, it is a very fleeting concept.
Either you have it, or you don't have it.
I have it.
No question.
Of course you do.
Of course you do.
It's maids.
Right.
I agree.
Why am I stuck here?
Seriously.
Yeah.
Look at this.
I'm going to just go in the list right now.
OK, let's go.
you know all these npr guys sure those and sure i do
with their ira glass yeah
jesse thorp
exactly
they're doing their thing
he's kind of siegel
that that yeah what's that that thing that what's that that show called hey
lookout wait wait don't tell me
i could do that thing
president bush
will that be president bush only to do it in an accent be whatever they want
i could do that
President Bush, ding, yeah, you'll get that guy's thing on your answering machine.
If you win.
It's zero question in my mind that you could do it.
I'm stuck here.
I'm like that kid stuck in Ohio now.
Yeah, let's...
Look at this though.
But I'm not that kid.
That kid's not very good.
You've taken your lumps.
You've taken your lumps.
You took my lumps.
I'm stuck here.
You got this guy.
These guys, they're jumping over me.
Jesse, the Jesse Thorps of the world, this guy, got that, said, okay, I said to somebody
who I knew who worked at NPR, I was like, yeah, I was like, yeah, why couldn't I do
that?
And it said, like, like they just, they didn't even say why, they just went, I hear that
thing, this American life, oh, this old man, he's weird, you don't think I could do that,
I could do that. Oh, he's weird. He plays the saw.
Yeah. You got that one encapsulated to I'm here.
Yeah. This show also just want to say this shows gigantic.
I agree with you. It's gigantic.
I don't come to Jersey City for nothing.
All on my own steam. Of course.
It's all on my own steam. Exactly. So I got to get out of here.
And then this book thing.
Where do you want to go? Mr. Leonard with his book.
Mr. Laordie Lange, Lang, has a book.
What are you laughing at, Mike?
Laordie Lang, with his book.
I'm in a rut here.
I gotta get out.
Where do you wanna go?
And the rich and famous helicopters
got to go in platter dangling, right?
Get me in over at NPO.
You don't wanna go over there.
Whoa, whoa.
See, that's what the guy did.
That's it.
You can laugh that day.
That's Daniel Shore laughing.
But I can do that.
Hey, let's go talk to some prisoners.
Right?
Hey, here's a, here's a prisoner who's doing little, you've developed your own voice.
You have your show.
You have your empire.
Yeah.
It's a thing here.
You are reaching more people, I think, than you would necessarily reach on public
radio.
There's a prisoner doing mobiles, podcasting, podcasting, podcasting has evened the playing
field for everybody. How do you think Jesse Thorpe got where he is today? You, you have
absolute freedom and you have a, you have a voice that is completely unmistakable on
the radio. No one wants it. And if you were to take that to, to public radio, yeah, they
would make you turn it into something else. They're fancy panini machine over there.
No, because this is the kind of panini would be their show. Ira glass, I'm assuming what
kind of panini does a guy like that like he would like like a probably just
like vegetable panini with the iron glass it's all sorts of shoes on it
iron glasses you don't have to be insulting iron glasses oh I'm not just
talking about you know panini choice okay in order to explain a way of
success because that's a guy who developed a show entirely in his own
voice and owned it he made sure that he owned it both financially and
creatively from the start he built his empire and he's then he's living it
This is what I'm going to do.
That's what you're doing.
You're doing the same thing.
Yeah.
This is what I'm going to do.
You don't want someone to come in and buy this show and put it on someplace else.
Oh, I do.
I'm going to give a PayPal account.
I'm going to set a PayPal account.
I'm going to figure out a number.
Yeah.
If someone wants this show, they can buy it from me and I will work for them.
You will work for them.
Absolutely.
You'll do this.
You'll continue to do the show.
$3,500.
They own everything.
All every episode of this show.
Don't say that on the radio, Tom, because you are a man of honor.
If you say that, someone's going to come up with $3,500
before I finish this sentence.
I'm weighing that.
Look, do I agree that you deserve national prominence,
a place in broadcasting Hall of Fame?
Yes, I agree.
I'm like the clown for the clown.
But I don't think the clown's clown.
I don't think that the career move for you
is to make the leap into the glamorous, you know,
reending world of national public radio.
I've got to at least try it.
Satellite radio.
You should hear the satellite radio.
You should hear the dregs of that satellite radio.
These guys nicked Apollo, Greg Fitzsimmons.
You will make these guys, you will make less money.
Certainly not more money.
Jim Brewer.
These guys are like apes dipped in air
and they put them in front of a mic.
I appreciate that what you want is approval.
But what you have is empire.
But I know what it is, I know what it is.
I'm dumb, I'm dumb, I'm from the streets.
I'm not learned, I'm stupid.
I couldn't, it was stupid, it was connected in New York.
Those old ladies were, they hung in there for the two hours.
I was, all I was doing was wondering what kind of,
what kind of vegetables they were gonna have
at a hometown buffet as I was stuck in traffic.
Running out of that theater, 206 with that traffic.
have you ever thought about writing a book? We got to write a book. Because that's where
the money is. What should my book be about? Look, you know, Charles, that's Dutton. That's
true. Good point. At least pitch the guy something. Sure. Maybe like rock fan fiction
or something like we'll just keep the series going with that his that never do well brother
in law. That was always mad. That was always getting rock in trouble. You should write
Tom Sharpling's, Tom Sharpling's memories of the television show Rock, with a
forward by Charles S. Dutton. Exactly, exactly. I'm not writing the forward just
because I'm publishing the book. I also think this is a fine memoir of the TV
show Rock, from someone who watched three episodes. Tom, and then I'm Sharpling. Yeah,
and never bothered to go back and I'm troubled. I'm troubled. I'm troubled, Tom.
You're reaching for something but you already have it in your grasp. You don't even know that you hold it
You know these 33 and a third books. Have you ever seen those things? No, there's these little mini books
They're like a hundred pages long. Are you right about your favorite album?
Right, these things are I've read enough of these things you read them at the read them in three hours
Then you then you put them on the shelf. I don't know. I don't know what you want
I want to write one of those those guys laughed me and those guys laughed like that
they virtually laughed me off the internet I'm sorry am I boring you over
there I don't know I don't know what you I don't know what you want our third
guest is falling asleep you're reaching as I say I think you're reaching for
something but you don't see you're reaching so hard you don't see what
you're holding currently now you say you're saying I've got it already you got
it already you're saying it's easy for you to say hodgeman and yes it's
extremely easy for me to sing because you know I'm on television how do I jump
the line I you should see these guys on these I love the whatever shows talking
on these things I know I know you should see these guys I'm gonna name names on
it not talking about Paul of Tomkins mm-hmm everybody loves him he earned it he
didn't jump the line right there's some of these people on this thing I see these
guy. I know these guys jumped line jumpers all of them right you jumped the line
you don't think there's a hundred thousand if you if I if I were if I were
sitting here having just written a book and done public radio I wouldn't be
sitting here mm-hmm I mean I certainly wouldn't be riding around my 38 TVs all
over Brooklyn with a helicopter at my beck and call yes the reality is that my
life was completely transformed I was a print guy in a radio guy my life was
transformed by television. The oldest of old media does matter what I did on the
internet. I got to get on television. It's it's it's insane. What do I need? What do I
need surgery or something? I'm not bad looking. No, you're a good looking guy so
the way you ran up and down the stairs. You're a handsome, you know, a Roman
profile. I'm gonna get highlights in my hair. I'm gonna get blonde streaks. You
have blonde streaks. Maybe audition for for maybe should audition to be a
correspondent on the Daily Show. Is that what you was that you want? I don't know
what I want. You don't know what you want because you have what you want and you
don't see it. What you need to do is figure out. Look, look, yeah, look, I'm
just it's the fact is I was creepily dead by the way. No one people have shut
the radio off. Well, you know, you've turned Mike from Ohio on me. How are you
gonna climb that rope ladder to the rich and famous helicopter? I'll stop Mike
from Ohio. It's me versus Mike from Ohio. Let me give you some advice. I'm Mike.
No, I am Mike from Ohio. This is like Fight Club. I am Mike from Ohio or
Spartacus. Yeah, but Mike from Ohio is the same thing. He's he's in a world
where he can do the best comedy that he can possibly do. All he wants is to be a
staff writer for a TV show. I ask you Tom is there anything less than that? That
was pretty sad how he was. Please let me get on staff somewhere. It seems like
a good thing, but it's, yeah, yeah, it blows brains out.
So what you need to do is you need to figure out a way to, to
make this as satisfying to you as you need it to be in order to
keep doing them forever.
For my sake, for the sake of America.
What about these podcasts?
It's like, it's never funny.
Have you ever heard of that thing?
Never not funny with, with part.
Is it never not funny?
Never not funny.
Oh, it was never funny.
Oh, really?
Okay.
So that's what the better business bureau made them
Rename it. Wow. Well, there are two ways to success, Tom, building yourself up and tearing
other people down. Success is only success when you're standing on the corpses of others.
That's not how I see it. That's my back tattoo. Let me tell you a really funny joke though.
This is one you shouldn't tell. Okay. Here's a funny. Then we'll read these H man status.
My son never calls me. Yeah. Doesn't write. He doesn't even fax. I like that. That's
gonna take you places Tom that's what you need he doesn't even text right you
know that Milton Burroughs he'll be alive he's like I need a texting joke just
change change the old fax joke into a texting joke where you going now what
don't go near the window gosh I think you folks out there who are listening
agree with me
sharplings agreement here is in the
ill found
ill-founded
that's leery see the dentist leery book that's out now
that's a he's saying that autism doesn't exist
like that autism they make it up
several his book
his book has a thing in its saying it's kids who want attention
like what
really
no one corrected him on that
with any medical proves no there's actually no fact checking them in in
book published and any just goes if anybody says anything but it goes yeah
whatever
like i'm sure that's what he probably said to everybody
yeah whatever
uh... with this guy the h-man
his status updates
are our second and on
you know i'll read a couple of them
just to get you to show you the spirit
in which they are
uh... to be read
and then maybe you can read a few
that's on those that's on the you know that's perfect
down the home stretch
with this person what fm you you're on the air
yeah uh... michael from the young style high up and how are you
i'm pretty good are you this mic from ohio no there's no use in kent
that was bought by no bob actually he was talking trash about palm
so what's your question
Actually, I was just wanting to know, like, what do you feel about Bob from Ken talking to us?
Stop.
This guy.
Weird Ohio.
Close, sorry.
You guys, they finally did the right thing the first time in 40 years.
Now, they act like we're going to come in here and tramp around my show, like it's their
living room.
Talk about the election.
Yeah, I hear you're talking about Ohio.
They did good, but they don't own you now.
Yeah.
Yeah.
They finally didn't vote stupid.
Right.
Yeah.
I've been off drugs for seven weeks. You are a hero. Like standing ovation for that man.
What? How about me? Who's never been on drugs?
He's H-man status updates. I'll read a few and then I will pass the laptop over to you.
all right they go back a little bit the h-man's my protege by the way who uh will someday take
the reins to this program from me the h-man can't believe the insanity slash awesomeness
that was halloween weekend next big event elections let's get out there and vote
The H-Man is going to shower in a few minutes, then vote in his first official election.
Holy moly.
The H-Man realized he saw three different numbers from different shows, so he's not
not going to post the poll updates in his status anymore.
The H man just watched a report on CNN where they gave McCain a buttload of states just
to see what would happen and he still couldn't win 194 to 69 on CNN.
Wow, I'm gonna move past the jump past the election.
The H man thinks yesterday was fun.
This was on November 5th, the H man thinks yesterday was fun.
Now, let's not make any more Facebook statuses about it
and talk about other things, like Thanksgiving.
Great holiday, sorry to argue with that.
The H-man can't wait to make a t-shirt design in his printmaking class.
The only thing is that he's wondering what kind of design to make.
It's an existential question.
Okay.
Can I borrow a couple more minutes, Evan?
Is that all right?
I have a high-profile guest in tonight, for God's sake.
You did?
Well, that was that a line.
I know, I don't show up on film.
So I hope it's a digital camera.
OK.
Now I'm going to queue this up here,
get some of these H-man updates for you to read.
He's going to go to this.
His kid's got 800 pictures of himself.
How old is H-man?
It's 19.
And he's telling me what I can and cannot Facebook update
on what subjects are acceptable.
Well, he had had enough of the election come Wednesday,
early Wednesday afternoon.
right time to move on
yes
unbelievable
let's lose
that guys come on seriously first black president
time to move on
all right uh...
you know i was saying
i was doing i was doing uh... cnn with rick sanchez at the alanta cnn
center yes
and you know he twitters
and he just wittered from his uh... vacation in ireland you should read
those on
on the air sometime very amazing
Oh, I would love that.
But now H-man.
Here you go.
I'm going to slide this over.
Now you realize, don't read his real name.
Substitute him.
Yeah, I understand.
I'm a pro.
I'm a pro.
I just need to say it if I don't say it.
Then I feel awful.
Where am I here?
You can scroll up.
I'm scrolling up.
I'm going to start bottom up.
OK.
So it is the H-man.
this is the h-man here
correct
even go on my h-man thinks everyone here got seriously screwed over with this
day change
even though he only has one class it's not one of his favorites
the h-man watched i-heart huckabees today
in his philosophy class
and then discuss what they were speaking about
in terms of
brahman
weird class
i agree
The H-Man can't wait to eat some delicious turkey, stuffing, and other Thanksgiving staples.
Yes, that's right, he wants to eat staples. That was the H-Man's joke, they're not mine.
The H-Man is flipping out about the internet loss, but was watching Cash Cab and playing a game on his computer, and now the internet's back. Sweet!
The H-Man was playing croquet today and went to do a shuffleboard shot.
And his fairly new jeans ripped in a bad spot.
He's really not in a good mood about it.
Are you sure the H-Man is not 89 years old?
Oh, he's 19.
The H-Man is so happy that the one class for his major that he really wanted still has some spots open.
Bad news, Colin, everything else he wanted is filled up.
Damn it!
Am I in trouble?
Cause I said Colin, I was referring to the punctuation mark,
not that...
I know you're so fucked.
I don't wanna hear about the H-man's classes anymore.
The H-man honestly can't believe this <E.D.> exactly.
Pushing Daisy's favorite show on ABC is officially canceled.
Goodbye, old friend.
You were great for a time.
Old friend.
It's not even an old guy's like a mayfly. He lives for three days old friend. They did 19 of them
He's got these got them the mayfly like
Lifestyle of a young man. I would be back in the past. Mine would have been
That Tom is upset quark has been canceled. Goodbye old friend
Are you afraid of the Richard Benjamin shed a fork? Yes, good heavens, but didn't Tomerson Tom can I believe to bring him back alive?
I agree with the H-man when the H-man says, wow, just effing, wow.
A whole slew of BS came his way tonight and really messed with his head.
He needs to go home tomorrow. This is important.
That update offers me no insight into the H-man's life.
I have no specificity is the soul of narrative H-man.
Tell me what? What is the BS that is coming your way?
How is it messed with your head?
I'm serious.
H-Man had a good 10 hours of sleep, 10 hours.
Oh my gosh.
And it's feeling less anxious caught up on the past two BWEs with PFT.
What's that?
Uh, I don't know.
On the DVR.
What's...
Oh, I know what that is.
Oh, digital video recording, right?
Yes.
BWEs with...
Best week ever, I think it might be, with Paula Tompkins.
I don't think so.
Now he's just going to relax with the fam for H-Man.
Yeah.
time for one more one more and then we will save farewell um h-man again would
like to wish this roommate Anthony a very happy birthday quote you rock
Anthony exclamation point unquote happy birthday Anthony this is John
Hodgman saying happy birthday to Anthony and his roommate H-man oh look H-man just
the John Hodgman, Mac B.C. commercials in the Daily Show knows who he is via the
best show. That's awesome. Oh, I referenced earlier in the show goes like
adaptation folding in on itself circles within circles. Yes. Is this truly
reality or the reality that we imagine for ourselves? Heady stuff. I have no
idea what you're talking about. That's why I should not want to write a book. I
don't know what that stuff is. You could do anything you want. I've
Community College product the helicopter is up there all you need to do is grab the rope ladder tom sharp
I'm gonna be the guy. No, I just what I'm gonna be I'm gonna be the guy who gets kicked in the face
Let's get out of here boss. What do you mean wait?
Like the henchman, yes, exactly that's me
You're that baby in Superman
So anyway, I'm not going to kick you off the rope ladder Tom Sharfling until we're
on the roof.
I don't know.
I didn't get time to ask you about the pudding store.
Putting it first.
Brookline, Massachusetts.
I didn't.
That will have to wait for another time and I hope you will come back again.
The problem was you putting it second.
So now we can't talk about it.
You should have been putting it first.
I should have.
Yes.
Thank you so much for coming down, John.
It is absolutely my pleasure and honor to be here.
any time you wish me to be here I shall. You have the eternal green light to call or visit
any time you want. That is not something I take lightly. Only a few people haven't
been calling. I'm very busy. The book is called More Information Than You Required
is in stores now and it is highly recommended. I cannot recommend it more. People should
get it's the perfect gift. I've read the whole thing. It is a laugh a page. Three
laughs a page more or less. WFMU East Orange WXHD Mount Hope worldwide on the
worldwide web at WFMU.org. Stay tuned Evan Funk Davies is coming up next with his
guest John Hodgman. I can't wait to hang around. Stay tuned for some platters.
They're going to go deep into the RSO catalog.
John brought all his Robert Stigwood merchandise and collectibles.
Let's get it started with some who is this Evan, with the head boys!