S radio show ever.
Hey who's this?
Well I am by the sale of Governor Valvin.
Hi it's uh...
Gerald Perlmutter.
Tom Sharpling, Governor of Party.
Hey Tom, it's Purple Turf.
Hey Tom, it's Mark Michaels.
This is Richard Card.
Richard Card.
What's your name?
Baron.
Baron.
And well what's inside the two?
Why? Maurice Kurt? Horrifying.
Hey Thomas Bruce.
Howdy!
Who's this?
Genji Vitis.
Genji Vitis.
Yes, they have Rick Feloni at the wall. I guess who would.
I hate you.
It's Peter.
Hey, it's Steinberg.
Mm-hmm.
You are creepy and I'm hanging upon you.
Boing.
Roger Depp.
My name is Ollie Fairnock.
I'll say it. You'll hear it.
You'll do it.
I'll get it. You'll learn it.
I'll live with it and you'll die without it.
Smash your trash.
There's a college football.
Good day.
What's up, Thomas?
It's Tristan.
Hey, it's Michelle.
Yes, Tom.
Yes, Tom.
This is Jim Ripple.
How you doing?
When I get to do the toilet talk now.
The vaudeville of the new century.
My name is Tom Riley.
I'm calling from New Zealand.
Hey, man.
It's Brian.
Ten dollars now.
That's a ten-pole.
This is a ten-pole show.
Hey, this is Tedlya.
What?
This is Pete from the Future.
Hi, Tom.
It's DJ Terry Chase.
Hey, from Knoxville.
Supercooler.
It's off the top.
My name is Mike Sajak.
Get off my phone.
I don't care.
care and this is it depends man I'm going to go to bed now I'm going to talk
it's good how are you I was in a band and then in the early 90s my name's Jerry
pay Tom we need this Jeffrey Ludell it's a fat disease wilder right
isn't it the disenfranchised have a home now I'm the hero of the disenfranchised
This twenty-nine, eight o'clock, yeah
It's just your act, cause it's time to talk, yeah
It's just it's a professional
I want you got to do it
Turn on your radio down
Turn on your radio down
I'm telling you left me to the best show
I'm telling you left me to the best show
I'm up and down and you'll need this time, you're up and down
Still in this shine, get over it
Don't get in the WP
OOo!
6,5,4,3,6,2,1 6
5,4,3,6,5,4,3,6
4,3,6,1,lia
Care
I caught you in my head, my fingers, yeah, it's too my man for a ride
Big kitchen in there, in my fingers, oh, the 6-5-5-6-2-1
And that's it, show me where you're like a son
You what's out there, feel over
You're getting dressed, I'll touch you
All the while
I have been cheated by you, since I don't know where
So I'll make up my mind, it must come to an end
Look at me now, will I ever know, I don't know how
But a son who is control
There's a fire within my soul
Just rise again, I can hear a bell ring
One more, I can not forget everything
Oh yes, Mama Mia
Here I go again
Mama, how can I resist you
Mama Mia
Does your show again?
My mom, just how much I miss too
There's a little broken heart in it
Loses a day we farted
Why why?
Did I ever let you go?
My mom made it
Now I really know
My mom, I could never let you go
I've been angry and sad about things that you do
I can't call the times that I told you to do
And when you go, when you slam the floor, I think you know
But you want me a way to blow
You know that I'm not that strong
Just one lookin' I can hear a building
What was lookin' I could hear everything
What was this?
Mamma Mia
Here I go again
Mamma
How can I resist you?
Mamma Mia
Does your show again
Mamma
Just how much I missed you
There's something broken, honey
Loose it's a day before us
Why, why?
Did I ever let you go?
Mama Mia
Even if I said
I'm mine
Me, me, no, I'm never
Mama Mia
It's a year we play
My life doesn't mean forever
Mama Mia
Here I go again
My mom, how can I resist you?
My mom, yeah
Does it show again?
My mom, just how much I missed you
Here is something broken and corny
Who says the name we call it?
My mom, did I ever let you go?
My mom, yeah
Now I really know
My mom, I can never let you go
Disney
oh
I
Nothing's going right
Won't you tell me honey, how can I go on here without you?
Yes, I'm down, I'm feeling new
And I don't know what to do
Oh, hey, hey, why don't you give me a call?
Hey, hey, baby, stop at the mall
Ring, ring, a spirit that's all on the wall
Where I sit all alone impatiently
Won't you please understand to me
Sorry, ring, why don't you give me a call
Sorry, ring, why don't you give me a call
Please forgive and let us forget
Oh, maybe darling, baby, yeah
Oh, ring, ring
Why don't you give me a call?
Ring, ring, let me shout out the call
Ring, ring, let me shout out the call
Sorry, why don't you give me a hug?
Sorry, why don't you give me a hug?
the lights are low, looking out for a place to go.
You wear the favor by music, getting in the stream.
You come to look for a thing.
Anybody could be that young, not as young as the music's high.
With a bit of a music, everything's fine, you're in the mood for death
And when you get the chance, you are the dancing queen
You're the sweet only 17
Dance and breathe, feel the beat from the tambourine
You can dance, you can dance
And leave the time of your life
Ooh, see that girl, watch that scene
With acid and queen
Your peace is turning on
Even burning and then you're calm
Looking after another
In one view, you're one of the dead
And when you get the chance
You are the Dancing Queen
Young and sweet, only 17
Dancing Queen
Feel the beat from the tambourine
You get better
You get better
We're dancing free
You know what I hope?
Here's an episode where the Geico Caveman watched Labyrinth.
I bet he would enjoy it.
He would be something new to him.
He'd be like, oh my God, people in costumes David Bowie and his tight hands.
Oh, this is crazy.
What's your name again?
Dylan.
Dylan, you know what?
I like you, Dylan.
Thank you.
I like you too.
That's why I want to become a frequent caller.
that mike
last time you said your name was bobby what's up with that which was it
i didn't know if you're going to catch that you did but i'll tell you because
earlier in the night i called up on grindhouse and i backed deli curse
and i was nervous that if i called back saying the same name that you just hang
up on me really quickly what did you think i would do
all you're going to do it right now are you know i'm not
Oh, good. I thought...
He thought he was safe.
And then I got him at the last second.
Oh, thank God, I thought you were going...
You're gonna hang up in here right now, what?
Oh, we can do this.
We can do this!
You
That's right, that shows back, that shows back!
After a two week hiatus, the best show on WFMU was back on the air.
Full strength.
God Mike is back.
He's out there on the other side of the Glass 201, 209, 9368.
That is the number to call into the best show on WFMU.
My name is Tom Sharpling.
I'm the host of this program this week.
I would like to thank two great people who filled in for me over the two weeks.
I was not here tomorrow and Monica. Thank you both
We're stepping up and filling in I appreciate it
We just heard a
Abba Abba Abba
Because you know who's back in the studio when I said full strength. I wasn't joking around
Who's here Mike you saw
Abba box, that's right. Abba box is back and
and then dropping the hits we never play dance and queen we played it tonight
with her dance and queen ring ring and mama Mia boom boom boom and starting us
off the unrest six layer cake from the perfect teeth album jeepers creepers the
The lines are already lit up.
We got some good callers here Mike.
And just so you know, this show is already a W.
You know why?
Because I gomped James already off the air!
Twice!
He called in here on the other line.
I guess he's all fired up now.
He's all fired up. He thinks he's back on top of the world.
so now all judgment goes out the window
fm you you're on the air
now i know i'm back
spike how are you
we've lived here you know
you did
i think we all did
no brother
we were worried about you what am i doing wrong
that's a good question
you're right there you sound like you're a little higher register
all of my cell phone
your cell phone went bad uh...
and by by by went dead it means they finally shut it off
now it went bad
somebody realized that you were running it uh... cord
out of their apartment down into yours
now
the battery just went bad
If only they sold batteries
If only those things were replaceable
So you're on a cell phone now. Who's your provider? Who's your who's your provider your cell phone carrier?
18-8
So you're not talking to me from an iPhone are you?
I don't want one of those you don't want one. No
Really you don't want an iPhone
now
What if I what if somebody gave you an iphone would you switch over then?
No, all right fair enough
Wow
Harsh words
Harsh words you mean business, you know what though you put you put your money where your mouth is on that
That's right. I have more important things to spend my money on.
Such as? Well.
Lawyers? No.
You know, buying stuff for the house, you know, that type of thing.
Yes. Well, what kind of things are you spending your money on these days in terms of furnishing your home?
Oh, the bed, install, refrigerator, you know.
Those are all nice things to have.
Yes.
Goodbye Hot Plate, right?
Goodbye Hot Plate.
That's right.
One of that day, I had a Hot Plate, but you know.
Now, Spike, would you do me a favor?
You know who Patton Oswald is, right?
Yes.
What do you do?
would you send him a very special message
just say say something to him
okay that because you know because just so you know he's a fan of your calls
all this is really yes
well patent glad to hear that you uh...
like my calls
and i i'd love to you and i'd love to you you know
in your routine starting
this is what i would love if you could do like this if you could go
if you can go hello say hello patton and then do your laugh
all hello <E.D.>
thank you spike
you know i think you're a good guy
ok well
thank you
uh... somebody approved
yeah off my phone
i don't know what that meant
somebody broke all of a sudden he got down on himself at the last second
all of a sudden i thought i was talking to us athington
all of a sudden
what's that mike
he's wanted by the law
fm you you're on the air
hello
yellow this hard hat radio
is this way what did you want to know
it is hard-hat radio it is hard-hat radio
how you doing
doing okay
city
doing okay
the re-hat
re-hat
re-hat from
or you know usually uh...
i would like to make it but today i'm actually calling for a bumpable
that's right you you you're the uh... young gentleman who has a uh... hot
or had aware website
the ball um... you let the ball drop though didn't you
i would say it's not hard it's not i guess uh... i mean i had a lot of things
going on in school and work and go for another
school and work like what kind of work are you doing these days
i look at retail
chess king
and uh...
but lately though um...
i've been trying to stop my d.J. game up
get d.J. gigs and actually um
a lot of the d.J. gigs i was fortunate to get was
because of the blog so i just want to thank you for letting me
promote it on your show you know
there you go but you know what you got a little taste of success and you let the
blog die
i'd like really want to get back to it though but
we'll see how that turns out
so uh...
what it what did you know what named you did you under
i think they really are
did you really are
you know i can i read it can we come up with a livelier name
um...
what would you suggest
what about um...
dj uh...
what about uh...
It would be like DJ Cinebon is not so good for me.
I like it.
Like DJ Cinebon is not good to eat.
Like a long name.
It's kind of catchy though.
Yeah, because then it would be like you spinning like these.
We'll get you two like L.P. sized Cinebuns, right?
And you'll be like spinning it.
You'll have like that glaze all over your hands.
get your headphones that are like uh... a little senate bonds
what about actual senate bond with the headphone component that gets out of
them you mean like when you're deejing then you eat your headphone
i love it
i love it
i'm gonna i you know what want to give your even though your blog is on hiatus
once you give the u r l out that way people can check it out
uh... start g-hot at block i mean start g-hot dot
block spot dot com
uh... musically who who has you all excited
we are home to be honest with you no one really but there's a lot of kids on
and i'm kind of looking out for like uh...
you're that kept wall a
well yeah though the robot
the one who was left behind on earth
you know what i might have to check up on that
um... while i know that he's a cat uh... at a dc though
i think he just signed to just blazes record label
he might be a robot though
so that guy you know is it there's a movie about him now that's out
wall a
i know you think you know uh... uh... picks our uh... animated film yes
so that's not him he did a Pixar animated film
i didn't know that that i was a deejay
what's he cutting up uh... hello dolly
hahahaha
did you see wally did you see wally
uh... uh... you didn't
was it good
it wasn't good
it was great
if you see it you'll cry i guarantee it
where would you rank it along the the pick-off films
top of the top
wow right up there all the way at the top of the ladder
you got uh... wally and uh... and ratatouille and uh... and uh... toy story
and uh... monsters ink all the way up top
that's pretty impressive
so uh... why do all these hip-hop guys like cold play
today that bad of taste were like
all these guys like that
dolt from cold play they think like he's
they think like he makes good rock
really on the best uh...
like uh...
i think uh...
have probably sort of always have a good fascination with terrible rock music
i mean going back to like the police you know
with ditty sample them
you are very accurate on that
you want to like all of a sudden it's like
yeah the police like it though the worst song by the police
or a bad band to begin with and then it's like like that's like that like he's
turning that into something I like like that's the kind of junk he's
listening to when he when he's trying to what he's trying to see what kind of
rock things he can he can incorporate into his music so is it police he's
listen to uh... synchronicity
probably like so call it too
exactly
but
that's awful
that's the worst rock on earth
please stop incorporating it
that's a good rock
right some wire
and why i like that
i like some water here
put some that in there right when that be good
well mike even like radio or something yes
mike's giving me the sign the aid that i got a move on every align is lit up
thanks a lot
uh...
if i'm you're on the air
and doing
doing okay who's this
that's glenn dansing
all
hope
how are you
uh...
under okay
uh... i had
i had uh...
what to call you about something
sure glenn dansing is everybody knows the uh...
the uh... the uh... rock star
from uh... from the misfits
and uh... and uh... many many great uh... solo lp's as well
and you are great aren't they and you were in sam i am
uh... no
and of sam hane so yeah actually
now has anybody ever asked you to sample
like any any hip-hop guys ever contact you about maybe doing
any any uh...
dancing
samples
you know one of the guys and uh... third base
uh-huh
third base yet they're doing a record they want to uh... sample uh...
next of christ
well
well that's surprising yet why
i'm a member may know i'm actually more surprising the guys from third base
are still around
well this was back
back when we came out
oh okay yeah so this is this goes back uh... yeah
so how are you tonight mister dancing i'm good i i i don't want to just uh...
hit you to something i uh... i am going up uh...
withdrawal from the new editorial
race
one to get that out there
really yeah yeah
because i have to say
your your
platform
was that was by far
the most sensible
all thanks thanks that that means a lot to me
and and you
you would i i thought you had a great shot
of winning
Yeah, just kind of, you know, been rethinking it. I just, I, I just, uh, basically in a nutshell, um,
I want to spend more time with my family. Uh-huh. Yeah. Really? Yeah, I am. Okay, because I've heard
that from more than, I've heard that from more than one candidate. Oh, really? Have other guys
dropped out? Like a lot of other guys. Really? Really? Well, yeah.
Yeah. Man, that's too bad. I'm sorry. I was definitely going to vote for you.
Oh thanks, thanks. Hey, someone here wants to say something to you.
Okay. Tom. Yes. It's Hank. Hank. Yeah. From Jock Squad? Yes. How are you? I'm okay.
I'm helping Glenn do some reps.
We're doing like a whole new workout.
Yeah, it's pretty good.
He's really getting the knack of it really quick.
Strong guy.
Yeah, kind of the opposite of you.
Oh, OK.
Yeah.
Sure.
Yeah.
Hey, I want to tell you about something.
What's that?
I'm dropping out of the race.
What?
Yeah.
Why?
Well, guess why?
Spend more time with your family.
No.
That's what everybody else said.
Really?
Yeah.
Not me.
so what why are you dropping out i want to spend more time with glenn family
uh...
uh... okay
is me so adorable
uh... yeah
what
get your mind out of the gutter
okay
okay
sorry nothing like that
good
far as i know
what
well how old is she
she looks like she's like seventeen
uh-huh why
You will you let away. It's don't be a creep. I'm not a creep at all. You're the creep. I
Don't like I don't like this at all tank. You know, I would love to have have happened right now
What's that you to get down to like on the 82 push-ups do it?
No
Absolutely not come on. You're dropping out of the race. I'll run again. I'll put it back in you will yeah
I don't believe you I will
um...
it's going to be existed bad bad Jin
youtube
uh...
uh...
halberson
is still running
yes i believe so
uh oh okay yeah
but that that is probably not gonna run then
uh...
uh... okay yeah you sound
terrified all of a sudden
who does
you do not
i do not
what's that that would you just
OO brought
hey clever is doing surfing
I'm not, I'm not doing surfing birds
sounds like it
I'm not
you just uh, you just were stammering like that
who was you?
What was I stammering about?
because you're scared of uh,
you're scared of uh, this Halbertsome
oh that guy
did it?
yeah
yeah
I'm not afraid no no, I didn't, I just...
um, yeah, I, I gotta go
Okay, okay, 50 more Glenn. Oh, he's making Glendu. Wow
That's them you you're on the air. Hi Tom. Hi, who's this?
From Miami. How are things in Miami? Tonight? Well, I just got back
So, you know, I'm kind of just adjusting
you just got back from where? Chicago. Chicago really. Yeah. What took you to
such an exotic locale? I don't know. Pitchfork. Pitchfork. Oh, pitchfork. Yeah, I mean
Yeah, yeah, yeah, you called a pitchfork
Yeah, um, so
That was pretty amazing. Oh, uh, before I go into that
I just had two things. I wanted to say regarding Ria. It's called. Yeah, you should go by DJ riot
DJ riot clearly, okay, cuz it's kind of like his name anyway, mm-hmm
And to answer your question, why do hip hop people like Coldplay?
Yeah.
Well, that song, Viva la Vida, is in 4'4", time, 4'4", beat.
Yeah.
And that's basically what pretty much every hip hop song lately has been in.
Well, I'm saying it goes day like Jay-Z was working with that, that, that, that dolt.
Yeah, I know.
Kanye West worked with him. It's like what what nobody else nobody else you work with
Who is Limpisca working with
What is easy working with Limpisca to let's dial down the oh, no, it's not Limpisca. I'm sorry
There was no, let's get that fit. Well, I'm gonna ask you a favor Lori. Yeah
Yeah.
Please do not, please do not, yeah, on the scheme of voices, if we were doing voices
on a musical scale from bass to a soprano, right?
Yeah.
Where are you?
Are you wanting?
I don't know.
I'm putting you up in the soprano.
In poodle range?
Because that's all I'm going to ask you politely, I'm going to ask you.
Okay.
You don't have to go any higher, like, because you literally went, you literally went
what does that make me friends yeah from Link Biscuit <E.D.> play higher I was
like oh no someone else I was equally awful my the glad the thing of organic
apple juice I have here almost shattered that's all right you know I'm teasing
I know um so I had a moment with Jarvis. I've been telling everyone about this
I almost told the guy sitting next to me on the plane about this
Jarvis who?
Jarvis Cocker!
From the from Avengers?
Yeah, Butler
So you had a moment with the with the dude from the dude from Blur
Paul
Sorry
What was the moment? I mean, obviously Jarvis is totally better looking than Damon
He he made eye contact with me. He pointed at me and he's saying
Line to me
Really? Yes. Now where where was this I wasn't imagining this the girl next to me turned to me and said I'm so jealous
Was this cuz cuz Dottie had greased the wheels
No, I- no.
Come on!
Uh, yeah, he- he sang a line of advice that, uh, John Peel apparently gave his brother.
And what was that advice?
Girls like it too.
Yeah.
I mean, you're gonna say that.
That's Phil's talk.
I like it when he talks filthy.
That's great.
That's great.
I'm sorry, well I didn't want to thank-
Where was this? Where is this the adult video convention?
I'm sorry.
Who goes to that by the way?
I don't know. I really don't know.
I'm telling you right now. I don't want to know any- if anybody says to me
Yeah, I went to Las Vegas. I went to the adult video convention.
You know what I'm going to say to them?
Nothing. I'm going to turn and walk away.
Miami has one of those conventions that happens here.
I got to start organizing some raids.
I did want to thank Ben for hanging out with me,
Beno. He's a friend of Tom.
Who's Ben?
Well, he's a friend of Tom. He listens to the show.
All right.
And he's from Chicago.
Yeah.
and I wanted to thank Richard from Chicago yeah you hung out with him also
yeah just a little bit I met his wife his lovely wife and his beautiful baby
oh oh he is a cute baby I swear and I also wanted to say hi to I think your
name was Maria did you win an award or something no anybody else you want
you want to thank God also she recognized my voice I was buying drink
tickets from her we did it we did it I want to thank Richard from Chicago we
did it Richard I did have a really good get off my phone turn this into a shout
out I got three hours a week I come here I'm come here to work not to hand the
thing over to Shoutouts. You want to thank Richard from Chicago? Thank him!
Thank them! Email them! Call them! Write them a letter! I'm not the conduit for
that stuff. I come here ready to work, ready to whip it. I come here to whip it.
Now I'm not coming here to end up in second place. I'm not here for second
place I'm here to whip it FM you you're on the air hi Tom I was worried about
you who's this this is Garth from Brooklyn all right what can I do for you
Garth I was gonna ask you if you're at the Ted Leo show last week at uh at
Kaplan I was not how was it it was great they played the world is in the
They did yeah, they said it was a special request. I don't know who requested it. It wasn't me. Did you go nuts?
Yeah, I was really excited there were people from my work there
So I had to kind of quell my enthusiasm a little bit because I was embarrassed in front of them, but um
Did anybody else seem to did anybody else seem to recognize the thing or is it just you?
There were about a thousand teenagers and in the in the front row seem to go nuts for it. Really?
Yeah, I was surprised how young his fan base was.
Maybe I'm reaching, I got to start reaching kids.
Yeah, you got to get, well you got a lot of like high school students and stuff we call
in the show.
I'm sick of appealing to that certain age group.
Look, more power, look, thank God these people listen, I'll take anyone.
But I got to get a certain demographic, you know what I mean?
What's your, what's your prime age?
I don't know 14 year olds 14 year old boys. That's where all the money is
Right, yeah, wait cuz then you can start like advertising. Yeah video games start doing like stealth advertising
Hey guys like oh man. I had a great weekend. I went to see you know dark night and I'm ax
Like I'll just like drop things in that kind of resonate and be like, you know video game
I'm excited about like I'll just do that stuff and then on the side
I'll be getting, you know, you know what I mean?
Big check.
Yeah.
Well, can you come in?
You kind of already did that with the iPhone with Spike.
You could just sort of, you know, see, but I didn't.
That was not a prearranged thing.
You just gave that away.
That was a freebie.
Yeah.
If anybody from Apple is listening, I hope you realize I mentioned the iPhone once.
Maybe you'll send me like a crate of iPhones.
No, that could work.
You could have a whole giveaway.
a crate of iphones because i argued
with a lunatic about iphones and he said
and even a lunatic didn't want one
i'm picturing like a like a flat like a like one of those like
wouldn't flat
back yes it's good
i want to skid
i want to like a literally a truck to backup
and the guy says to me
i can't take these off
but you've got to get this off the back of my uh... the flat bed
and i've got to go it's like me and four other guys unloading the sting of uh...
of you know
eight hundred i-phones
films you could have like uh...
i'll start throwing them around the neighbor host i'd throw them around like
american gangster
you have your listeners all all show up and it would be a madhouse yeah everyone
scrambling for my phone i'll give them a two percent discount
you know what i'm interested in none of this
you die out there you get off my phone
guy trying to lead me down the path of uh... crass uh... commercialism
for shame
for shame stepbrothers in theaters this friday
fm you you're on the air
oh hi
um... hi
this is uh... brian from and had an arm on the one who uh... requested world
in the charlotte uh... catholic
what's up
uh... on the one who uh... requested world is in the charlotte at that at
leo show you did
where you are how did you request it
uh... he came up uh... little before the show started and
asked uh... you know
playfully i hope uh...
could you please play world is in the charlotte
and what did he say
he said he hadn't practiced it but uh... he he was pretty spot on with it and
And I was surprised how many people knew it.
I mean, like the last caller said it
was a lot of like really young kids.
Man, we got to get there.
This show's got to get on track.
I'm telling you.
I got to get a shuttle.
I got to get Mike out of here.
First of all, that's where it starts.
I'm telling you, I got to get Mike out of there.
I got to get like a 17-year-old in there, like a hip kid.
Well, I'm a young girl on myself, you know?
Oh, how old am I?
I'm 16.
I'm 16?
Really?
Yeah.
You cool?
Uh...
Not...
Exactly.
Not exactly?
Yeah.
You got any ink?
No.
No?
You gonna get any?
Uh...
If I can think of something that I'd wanna keep on myself for the rest of my life, maybe.
would you be willing to get a tattoo for the movie wanted
which i think is going to be in all uh... like an evergreen
i i i i would not i'm i'm not a fan of the book or the movie here
the the author of the director or any of that
would you get a hand-cocked tattoo
somebody was paying me
how much would i have to pay you to get a tattoo of that love of that picture of
of uh... will smith with the reflective shades
tattooed
that's
that's a tough question
um...
like like low six figures
low six figures
low six figures i were we talking about on your own it wasn't it wasn't okay
movie but
it wasn't okay movie
it wasn't bad you know it was like a
nice little summer thing
firstly the only thing i'm really excited for is the uh... batman
uh... dark night
when does that come out
uh...
last Friday
it's out already
yeah
i'd i'd tried to see it but uh... everything's been sold out
are you sure it's out now you're here for like three weeks
are you sure it's out
i am positive it's out really
that wasn't sure i thought it came out in two weeks
uh... now that
Something else I know what it is, but that's something else now. It's called Batman 2 or something. It's the dark night the dark night
Mm-hmm, and is this is this is this is one that's gonna be in theaters though
There's not like some straight to DVD thing that no there was a straight to DVD thing too, but that's something else
Okay, but then this was um
So because I'm confused. I haven't heard a whole lot about it. I didn't know it was even coming out
I heard about it like two days ago somebody was like
Hey, there's a new Batman movie coming out and I was like really and they're like, yeah
So I'm kind of just hearing about it. It's good to know that you managed to avoid the media blitz
Batman to the Dark Knight something like that. Yeah, okay Batman to let me write this down Batman to
Batman to the Dark Knight. It's actually just straight up the Dark Knight, but okay
straight up
straight-up yeah yeah yeah straight-up with that in there if you want also straight-up
long great hold on hold on bring back the alba box hold on it straight up the
dark night Batman 2 is that the full title yeah that would work okay to for
straight-up hey Mike can you go on fan dango see if you can go when does this
thing open this Friday our last Friday last Friday can you go out yeah can you
You go on Fandango Mike and grab me two tickets to straight up.
Thanks.
Have a good night.
Jeepers, creepers, boop, boop, boop, boop.
Jeepers, creepers, ba-da-da-da-da-da.
Mmmmmm.
So anyway, I go to the movies. I did go to the movies this past weekend, not to see this straight up Dark Knight 2 or whatever it's called, but I did go to the movies to see, that's right, Mamma Mia.
I saw it opening weekend.
Abba Box.
Now this movie, Mama Mia.
Will you see Mama Mia, Mike?
Not in a theater.
Maybe on DVD.
I saw this movie.
I gotta say, Mama Mia, which I was looking forward to,
because i love obba
the best of best group they were the way they were like that the beatles with uh...
with attractive people in them
like an attractive beatles
so this thing's finally coming out on Broadway i never saw the broadway show
theater
and this is
And this might be telling.
This conversation actually happened at the theater.
She said to me, Julian Barbary, my lady friend, said,
Which movie would you like to see?
Mamma Mia or Hellboy 2?
It's like Mamma Mia is at 740, Hellboy is at 8.
And I said, oh, Mamma Mia.
So we're getting a theater.
This theater's packed, wall to wall, packed, find two seats.
And I got to say this movie easily, easily.
worst movie I've ever seen in my life that I enjoyed. It was insane. This was, I'm
telling you, this was, I've perversely enjoyed it. I think I was enjoying it
because it was so, it was so unbelievably insanely bad. And I mean like bad. It was
bad. I can't believe that this movie, if they said, yeah, Mamma Mia with a budget
1.5 million dollars. I'd still wonder what somebody did with the 0.5 million.
This is the cheapest looking movie I've ever seen.
I'm telling you, nothing worked in this thing. Nothing.
The sets look terrible. It takes place at this hotel in Greece. I didn't even know it was Greece.
The only reason I knew it was Greece is the villagers were not dressed like
americans they're not dressed like people in florida
the choreography was not even at the choreography during the musical numbers
was not bad
i would say if they're if you were giving report card grades
for mama mia you would put
you would put uh...
sets
costumes
casting
d-
choreography would not get enough though it would get an incomplete
there was none of there was none
mike just said he heard there's a lot of jumping off of docks yes
that constitutes
that constitutes uh... like a uh... budget buster
all right we're going to need to have some guys jumping off the dock again
let's get the camera down to the beach
i'm telling you this movie was insane in saying i'm watching it
ten minutes in
ten minutes in this thing the first song starts
and uh... jillian barberry looks over at me she had no idea what this movie was
about
she had been
gleefully unaware
of what
she was in store for
and then when it started
the first song
honey honey
she turned and looked at me like
is this what this is going to be
is this what this movie is going to be
fm you you're on the air terrible movie i gotta say terrible you like it
i didn't see it but i thought it was bad all you didn't see it now
now i have to see it
oh you know you don't have to absolutely yeah so you're just kind of agreeing
with me
yeah well i don't like abba
okay
but you do
I do.
That's weird.
That's not weird.
Well, kind of is.
Hey Thomas, B.J. Bryson.
Yeah.
B.J. Bryson.
Yeah.
Oh man.
How are you?
I'm doing good.
Very exciting to talk to you.
From the bridge.
Yes.
Yeah.
So you're chewing or biting?
What's that?
Are you chewing or biting?
Am I chewing or biting?
Yeah.
That's a little Brysonism.
Yeah, chewing means you're doing great, biting means you're doing bad.
I guess I'm somewhere between chewing and biting.
Okay, that's good.
I can't believe you never heard me say that before.
Do you ever listen to the bridge?
104?
The bridge, you know what?
We switched over.
Okay, because that used to be like a classic rock stage.
Exactly, yeah.
Now we're new bridges, old jazz and new country connections.
yet because that's why i knew your name yet exactly yeah
and what what's the format now uh... it's uh...
we're called the bridge now you know it which you know i finally make sense to
call it that
you know so we bridge uh... old jazz
and uh... new country
like a typical fed would be uh...
you know some funny ron's into she'd a d
and today brew back into kenny chesney and then
in the old coltrane
uh... then into carry underwood
that kind of vibe
and that was better better switch than the classic rock all people of it
have you guys had a ratings book yet
and and people love it
fine love
are they listening
defined uh...
uh...
a large group of people define large
uh... i don't know uh...
few hundred thousand no
uh... uh... one hundred thousand
lower fifty thousand a little lower twenty five
no come on don't insult me
so more you get more than twenty five thousand people listening twenty seven
thousand oh twenty so it's barely
over twenty five shot up
oh i'm sorry yeah
here and any of my uh... my bike patches
no you know what i've read
i think i read it as a sidebar article on you in like
it's like a radio
side bar
yeah it was like a thing on on like radio in new jersey like jersey jocks or
something
and i wasn't a featured uh... jock no i think i read it so this is just all
you you did a uh...
what was your world what is this thing again
the bashes or something
no bite back
bite
oh yeah well you know i know i've been like thirty years you know i got the
first my house that is go back
yeah i know i don't know i remember that yet at the at the old new bridge polo
ground yes yes
those are the days weren't they
yeah and that what was that during that was during a polo or a polo match yeah
i mean if you know
we think about it it it it it's a super shame that new bridge never got a
pro-base ball team but
you know you can never say that the new bridge malle for the greatest pro
polo team of all time
that was true it was a it was a
top-notch franchise i still have my top
polo cards do you
i don't i never got the the cards
the polo card you're kidding i even have that uh... that we called keep killer
card
though which one is that with the mallet
well it's making that that sex shester with the mallet that's right yeah yeah
it got thrown out of seventy nine championships
i would i would you know i remember that so you did that thing where was like
disco bites and was the big thing
yeah during during like a break in the game or something really you know i
I love to stir it up you know yeah I'm like that reggae guy what what reggae
guy you know with the stuff you know the guy I don't know with the hair the
reggae guy with the hair like I like I like I Darren has that hair now Bob
Marley I think that no that's not it I don't I don't know now maybe it is Bob
marle was it marley marley yes i think i think it might be him uh-huh yeah
so you you yeah you so you you kind of that was the one that kind of put you
on the map if i remember reading correctly yeah so during the game you
know i i i had the big uh the big disco bites rally and i i came out in the
middle of the polo field and then uh all he richards uh from the battle uh
butler yeah he came out with a huge fryer and we put all these disco tapes into
the prior and then all he pulled the basket up and and through it all into
the crowd
hilarious
well that doesn't
so he burned people
with
fried or battered
um...
disgo tape will define burnt
um...
these things hit them and probably left uh... red marks
on their body yet
why okay well that's burning people well
it's more like scalding now i guess i could
tightly it is burning but there was bubbling also yeah yeah so you did that
big
disco bites i did that i did uh... punk bites uh... new romantics bite
no one really knew what that was i was a kind of a low-attendant
uh... cheers bites
when the the last episode happened
cheers by yeah yeah
where where did you hold a cheers bites rally oh that was at the uh... what he
caught the uh... you know the demolition derby that they have out by route three
okay yeah yeah yeah
where they found uh... moral alan's uh...
toe i think they found out there something like that
also did uh... grunge bites
uh... reality bites bites
bagel bites by hold on a second
reality bites
yeah
the movie yeah
so you you put the movie reality bites you did a rally yeah again how many
people turned out for that
uh... not a lot
that was actually my backyard
okay yeah we had to move it
yeah
it like eight times it was really going to be in the polo grounds
and then it got
lowered and lowered until it's finally my backyard
so so yeah
okay so
what you said something about bagels or something a bagel bite
bay the food
bagel bite yeah and what why would you be so mad at bagel bites i don't like
come and i brought my tongue on one one
uh-huh
and that's the fault of the bagel but i don't know it was it was it was
super hot one the uh... the hamburger flavored ones
okay yeah so it's a you made it bagel bites in one was too hot and now you
held a rally
because of that when i make me feel bad
why's that because you're talking down to me which i don't like
well i'm sorry why because i talk down to you
Oh, okay, yeah, I could see why that would make you feel awful
Yeah, if you were the one not you were the one not talking down to somebody and I'm not talking down to you
Okay, I mean just you're holding these rallies. They're kind of crazy
You're gonna go to the Obama bite what what's that? Oh Obama bite Obama, but no, I'm not going okay
Yeah, we've done them for pretty much every election since the 70s Carter bites Reagan bites
Anderson bites Mondale bites Ferraro bites Benson bites
Clinton bites. I'm an equal opportunity stirrer. So it kind of sounds like you
also don't have much of an opinion on things. I like to stir it up you know. So
cheers for example. So cheers is one of those things that you were you hated I
guess. Well people are really into something that I just immediately don't
like it. Yeah. So you were not a fan of Cheers. No, but now I'm a fan of that
Abba movie because you didn't like it. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Oh, okay. So you just like
taking the opposite side of anything? Yeah, I'm a total
contrabarian. Yeah. Uh-huh. That's how that works. Yep. You just like to, uh,
somebody likes something you dislike it. Somebody doesn't like it. You like it.
Exactly. And you know, perfect example is my most controversial one. What's that?
uh... brimley bites
i don't even know what that is well for brimley
will be actor yeah yeah
what
why and
i i don't know that this is going to be beloved sure you can argue that
no he's kind of everybody's like that grandfatherly uh...
uh... persona exactly yeah well in uh... gosh i think it was ninety
eight maybe
he was in uh... new bridge doing summer stock
uh... yeah and uh...
he would be with directing uh... colligula
colligula
on stage yet it was actually a thing that they had called new bridge playhouse
after dark
not oak alcutta
oh no which is like a dirty
like a couple of yelica dirty play colligula was like a
sleazy movie right yet it's like a sleazy play
and wilford brimley
Was directing absolutely earlier that night. They had a bye-bye birdie. Oh, like a normal production for families. Sure with
Martin Fry from ABC was actually was actually the lead in that really the singer from the band. Oh, yeah
Yeah, he was good. He was good and then of course after that they shot everything down and then it's new bridge play
I'll see up for dark
How how is the empty how soon after I don't know like 20 minutes kids were still leaving it
And this Caligula play started. Oh, yeah. Yeah, Bob Gucci was there. He was here. Oh, yeah. He was in the box at the theater. Yeah, that box, you know, that the judge gave you to sit in.
I, um, I know the box. It's like one of those elevated. Exactly. Yeah. He was above the stage. Kind of like, remember we're, uh, was his name, President Lincoln?
Yeah, President Lincoln. Yeah, remember he got shot in one of those theaters. Yeah,
play. And it was kind of like that kind of box where President Lincoln got shot. Yeah.
And Bob Guccione was in it. Yeah, he was with Merle Allen, who else was there? John
Wayne Bobbitt and Gary Puckett. That's a real, that's some line. I know Gary Puckett's awful.
gary pocket
john wane bob it
moral alan and bob gucci oni alan is a brother of kevin alan yes who i think
passed away uh... nineteen ninety four maybe
i think you i wouldn't
you know
passed away is but i'm sorry passed on yeah that's a little soft
way of putting how would you describe his uh... his passing
i mean
it's so weird to hear it that way
makes it sound like he was in his eighties and and uh...
and and just kind of slowly faded away he did
now he didn't slowly
i mean he you know he did something to help him
yet i think he did here and i think it was
he OD'd on heroin after playing
a place called what the garage or something in the gas station the gas
thing i know you're going to get on him for only wearing a jock strap when he
passed on
um... the okay i'm sorry passed away yes passed away well
look whatever okay
well anyway
colligula yeah
uh... wavy gravy
was julia cesar
uh... they've crossed he was was colligula uh... johnson came was romeo
from journey johnson came
johnson came it was like the keyboard player journey good-looking guy
he was in
this stage of production of collig oh yeah
I that's first of all who did he play oh Romeo Romeo. Yeah, so I didn't even think Romeo was in that's like Roman times
Caligula
Well, so was Romeo. I don't know that was not Roman. Why else would he have Roman his name?
You're so dumb
So so this
Top who who top?
Top cat yeah
Topcat yeah, the which is what like the cartoon the cartoon. Yeah topcat
So who was playing topcat? Basically? It was a cardboard cut out of topcat and then some kid just kind of walked around with it in this
It's weird enough that Romeo. Yeah was in this step first of all. It's weird enough that there's a it's
It's weird enough that there's a stage production of Caligula
well let me tell you something directed by wilford bremel oh yeah yeah and i
can't believe you remember this it was there's a little blurb about it
paper but they're right and they'll definitely do not remember this
and because it's getting weirder stage production of colligula right
directed by wilford bremel right starring wavy gravy right
and who else was in it uh david crosby david crosby was colligula john please
jane was romeo john the keyboard is in
journey yep played romeo pop cat uh... and then there's a guy walking around in
a with a kid walking around with a cardboard cut out of top cat that's right
on stage yep
to say nothing of uh... mike lookin land
mike lookin land yeah yeah
he played like a roman wa uh... sincheria that was like bobby brady exactly
yes so
and and this is really happened absolutely and uh... you know what
What it's the filthiest thing I ever saw to this day. It's the filth. Okay. It's the filthiest thing you ever saw
Yeah, and I want to say also I know my filth. Yeah, because I co-own the pleasure tent
You what is that the pleasure tent out on route three?
The pleasure tent. Yeah. Oh, that's that how they found Glenn Danzig's pinky. Yeah, that's that adult
It's like that mobile adult bookstore. It's like a quantity. Yeah. Yeah, and why is it a tent again?
Well, because, you know, with a tent, you know, say Officer Harrop shows up to shut it down.
Yeah.
Like, is his want?
Uh-huh.
It takes like two minutes to tear that sucker down and get on to the next town.
And put it on a, and put it on like a truck, exactly.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah.
So you are, so, so even, so I'm getting this straight as, as the co-owner of an adult
bookstore.
Yeah.
Yeah.
don't even hold a candle to the level of
however filled with no it was so close and i'll tell you
i don't even go to any detail i'm not i'm not
wilper bremley
he's so embarrassed by this thing
that he doesn't even remember that year
really yeah like it in interviews and and and his book
and he called he he it it's actually been
there's a term for this thing it's called a moral blackout
uh... yeah or someone did something so heinous
that that they just don't even remember it
so he just had a moral blackout and i think that he's so mortified by this
i've had several of them
uh... i don't want to get into them okay so i'll get them if you want me to i'd
rather what
what no no no please don't okay
so this was it so this is the thing bremley bites that led you to do a
rally a bremley bites rally yeah
as part of your many bites
rallies
like a couple weeks ago we had two great ones uh-huh firemen bite
uh-huh and then last week uh... cops bite
firemen bite and cops bite yes we're at the town surprisingly not into it
uh-huh yeah that's a shocker
it was into it
zombies
what i don't know what zombies are you mean like the
not the band
now there's a band called the zombies i don't think so
now the zombies are my fans
your fan yeah from your radio show a little bit of a what's the what's the
one oh four
for me
yet and one oh for the bridge yet the book a yeah
so and the zombies are your fan oh yeah i make them do stuff and they do it
how how many of these zombies do you have well and uh... got back in the day
you know i had uh... at the height of it
she's probably uh...
unlike seventeen thousand
okay i don't exactly believe that
Oh, yeah, yeah, not a little less.
Like, how much less?
Well, guess.
17, when you did the disco bites thing,
is that what you're basing it out at 17,000 people?
Yeah.
1,000, I'm gonna take a, don't be insulted,
I'm gonna say 1,000.
I am insulted, you jerk, no.
Okay, how many is it?
one thousand one hundred
one thousand one hundred two
though it was like the super fans
who go they show are that now that's a lot at any of your
bites rallies that they'll show all the final lock
that they're they're going to be in attendance
some of them some of them how many
double digits
sometimes it's double like what
12.
12.
So it's you and 12 guys who will do just 12 super fans.
Yeah.
Who do anything?
Oh, yeah.
Like, I'll do a thing like, well, I've got a chance to have dinner with me and they're
all excited about it and they win it.
And then I'm making me have a trough or no toilet bowl.
That's terrible.
It's thick.
They love it.
How could they love that?
You'd love it, wouldn't you?
No.
Why?
What do you do so you feel some need to humiliate them?
Well, yeah, it's fun.
It's fun.
It's fun for you.
No, I love it.
I'm sure they don't work.
Yeah.
Oh man, things went bad every day though.
What's that?
Well, both the firemen and the cops had a brightened bites rally.
A rally that he's saying that you bite.
Yeah, it was so stupid.
They were so out of their league.
Yeah.
I had my zombies infiltrate both the cops and the firemen
Uh-huh
And I had been telling the other that the other had been talking smack about them. Yeah. Yeah
So the firemen the cops all start fighting each other. Yeah, so violent. They had their hoses out night sticks day sticks
Day stick yeah, I didn't realize that there was a difference. That's like a night stick, but it's just white. Okay
Yeah, so it's not it's like it's it's it does not need to be cloaked
By darkness. Oh no. No, okay. It's for everyone to see
You know officer have someone's got killed. So these guys so the cops and the firemen started fighting. Oh, yeah
Yeah, where was this? Pardon me. Where did this take place? Is that by route three? Uh-huh. We're at the yel the old
The old single plaques used to be. Yeah. Yeah, the one place. That was a good theater. Yeah
We're a fellow part. Yeah
That's a bummer. I was a good place to see a movie. Oh, yeah, that was probably the first place I saw like a
Adult movie not another
No, no, no no
I
Know who you you know. What's your what do they call what? You're Fable. You're finding out's stable
F label morning now, okay, what I know I saw an I don't want to know
no, please
I had seen...
No, actually it's...
No, that's not getting...
Okay, stop.
I know the hair, am I?
Yes!
Wait, what?
You know you're on the end, you called me, and we've been talking.
Oh, that's right.
So yeah, I had seen author-author there.
Ooh, that's a sexy movie, isn't it?
No, it's an Al Pacino movie.
Oh.
Actually, I'm not even sure if it was R-rated now.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
Oh.
So, anyway...
Like, Hard R?
You think, or Soft R?
I don't think it was even are at all. Okay. Think of it. Yeah
so you
Just rally you had your zombies in full. Oh, yeah, the Bryson yeah bites rally and the cops in the firemen are fighting
Yeah, yeah, I heard it was really off the hook. Uh-huh. Yeah, you didn't see it. You weren't there though
I didn't stick around. I was there. I was there for the first part of it. All right. I took off from the jaw copter
I'm sorry. I took off from the jaw copter
what is a job a job cop like a new copter but you know it's but it's it's my
you know what I fly around and like a helicopter exactly yeah exactly exactly
to obvious it's too barely functioning helicopters welded into one giant one
mm-hmm yeah and that works well define works it flies yeah I mean I I can get it
at least up to eighteen feet off the ground
eighteen feet yeah i piloted
okay so your pilot
let me just get this straight yeah it's a it's two helicopters welded together
yeah
and
your piloting it and it goes
eighteen feet in the air yeah yeah it's kind of hard to keep steady with all
the people in it
well i get like how many people uh... well
with or without the bar in there
let's just say with
Uh, with the bar at seat, uh, seat 14.
Well, that's a lot for a helicopter.
Yeah.
So, so.
It's a lot because of me, too.
Uh-huh.
Why you're kind of.
I'm a little, uh, stout.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Like, how stout?
Yes.
Uh-huh.
Oh, I'm just going to go high on this one.
I'd say, let's start at 350.
No!
How much?
How much?
301 301 yeah, okay. Wow. That's better than 350. Well
Remember the 311 show we had
That yeah back like gosh. What was that like six years ago? Yes. Yeah, I do I do remember when they came through
That was kind of everybody's kind of excited. Oh, yeah, it was like the 311
311 show where if I if I got down to 301
They're gonna just play all night. Mm-hmm. Yeah, and at that point, how heavy were you at that point? I was gosh
three
350 uh-huh. Yeah, okay, so you were like three fits
So I actually wasn't up so you had to lose forty nine pounds so that the band three eleven could play. Yeah all night
Yeah, I didn't know how much did you lose?
just a couple pounds
Well and one pound one pound okay, and how much time did you have to lose that one pound like several months?
Several okay, yeah, and again. I even just guess what did you even lose the one pound by maybe?
Doing something with your clothes
No
I took my wallet out your wallet. Yeah, okay
yeah so so you have my number but you don't and can I also get okay I did if I
don't have any are you also not 301 right now no how much do you weigh guess
350 no how much 349 3 40 that and you really weigh 349 no how much do you wait
three eighty three eighty yes okay whatever
you know what
it's on it's unhealthy i hope you get that under control
all
hang on
you're right
yeah
kind of hot in here
take off my jock jack
where are you
i'm in the copter
you're in the cop out here
okay i'd park it kind of downtown and i i just watch cheques go by
uh-huh and what are what are you going to get him inside
and what are you what are you taking off
what i'm taking off
all my job jack yeah
and what would work a jock jack yeah they have a jock jack
i
i don't know maybe i do you need to do you know what one is i don't
what is it it's a jacket i wear that had that has uh... has the n one o four
crest on it
okay and the call letters uh-huh i don't have a jock jack
uh... you know so you mean like a jock like a disc jocky jack no i don't
have a jock jack yeah
you might have on the back what
well i've got political horn on one side of uh... the bridge the bridge on it
the political one on one side of the banjo on the other mmm yeah because your
station bridges old jazz and new exactly yeah
what's your what's your stations crest
but i think it is
what i think it's a textbook
and a radio hut mike
would brought wise that because it's a high school radio state it's not a high
school radio that sounds like it is it really a no it's it's a pretty i can't
believe you're still using the voice modulator
uh... i don't use a voice but really sounds like it it i don't use one
yeah
i don't use one are you sure i'm positive really yes
that's not easy to go high there and i look like you pulled away from it for a
second
that's okay it would be a shame that's not what that was yeah i felt like it
was on it
but okay yeah i got a role in a second
okay yeah i met uh... new bridge international airport
and pick up a new partner
uh... who is your partner
i mean ronald qua okay great guy
yeah yeah right now
anybody one second
i've had
on top
hang on i'm talking to this kid uh...
what's your name
tom
on what
tom sharp on sharp like yeah
whoa
he just did the hand gesture that was the most obscene thing i've ever seen
and even more obscene than the colligula stage show it was actually
somehow he used both his hands okay did that i i don't want to like he was
he was very hot i don't want to know much if i want to be involved with this
guy of course i do uh-huh yeah so he's gonna be your new
on air or absolutely yeah
right take you down
uh... also you this is a competition
uh... like the competition
uh... wow
that's that's very fiery i make it down the back of the jacket to life's a
competition yeah
not life's a competition son
that's even better yeah
you like that
i love that yeah
all right well you know what
if i'm competing with the station that bridges old jazz and new country
i will
the more power to you
well let's party
not even not that you have any right now okay like i can tell that that
modulators
flippant hard yeah okay
uh... you are a very proud
uh...
i love the whole tradition of the guys in radio who just hold dumb rallies and
get people to show up and be
stupid in it and actually think that that's some sort of
accomplishment just because you're
managing to like uh...
get the love of the lowest common denominator to turn out
and on black zombies
the zombie
you are we're calling them zombies what
that's not insulting they love it
well they can't think for themselves
uh... i tell them what to think yeah okay great uh... i tell you what to think
do you know what i i think you should think what that you bite
uh... great
you know why why could you do bite
uh... okay yes
good luck with uh... good luck with your new partner i can't wait to hear how
that goes it's good to see
uh... or hot rock and ronnie's gonna be back in the uh... the new bridge area
doing radio only just did that gesture again
yeah i'll talk great
i got the other guy out okay
all right are you bite up
and there he goes. Wow. Oh man. How about that? To quote Mel Allen. The late great, one
of the late greats. Put him in my hall of champions. Where was I Mike? Mamma Mia. That's
That's right.
So I'm at this movie, Mamma Mia.
Telling you, this is the worst, it's maybe the worst thing I've ever seen that I was
having a good time watching, knowing that I'm watching pure garbage.
It's like the worst made, poorly made, just like the fabric of it was low quality.
The singing, I didn't even get into singing yet.
First of all, let me just tell you the movie starts off.
It's Meryl Streep playing a Greek hotel yair.
Is that the right word?
That'd be the right word.
You know words, Mike.
Is that the right word?
Oh, see, there you go, Mike says yes.
And her daughter is getting married, and she's not sure who her dad is.
It could be one of these three guys, maybe Pierce Brosnan.
literally as Pierce Brosnan. The Pierce Brosnan, Colin Firth, and then the other guy. Who's the
other guy? Peter Stormair. Now Estelle and Sarsgarde. Not Peter Stormair. That'd be, I wish it was
Peter Stormair. That would have been fantastic. Have him there saying nothing like staring with that
creepy blonde dye job. Now Gerard Depardio is not in it. I want him anywhere near
this movie. No, you did not see Gerard Depardio. That might have been Stell and
Sarsgarde. So anyway, the daughter is getting married so she invites all three
guys figuring that way she can sort out who her dad is. So they all show up to
this to the wedding. That's it. That's the entire plot. That's it. I told you
everything you need to know about Mamma Mia. And like all the Mia, like these
Abba songs. You listen to these Abba songs as somebody who loves Abba. These
These are the saddest songs ever written.
These are songs written by people in the hinterlands of Sweden, where it's icy cold all the time,
writing these depressing songs.
There's so few happy Abba songs.
They can even take a chance on me.
That's a lively song.
No, she's saying, please take a chance on me.
I'm garbage.
But if no one is around, I'm here.
is basically what that's a even the happy songs are sad songs
and there's a reason why
that we get to the singing
there's a reason why
i think all these songs i do the thing at the radio station every year
everybody was saying
do an obisong do an obisong
that's a song you need to do do an obisong
You know what, no way.
You know why?
Because those are hard songs to sing.
They're sung by professionals, and Ani Freeh, that's the best voice is going, and Bjorn
too.
This voice is not so bad.
Benny, I don't know.
So then they turn this movie over to these peeped, it's the most insane concept ever.
Let's take these songs that are renowned for their beauty, and in terms of the way they
were interpreted, and let's hand them to, oh I don't know, for example, Pierce Brosnan.
Let's take a listen to his rendition of S.O.S.
I tried to reach for you, but you would have closed your mind
Whatever happened to our love, I wish I understood
It used to be so nice, it used to be so good
So when you're near me gone, can't you hear me S.O.S.?
But love you gave me nothing else than saying S.O.S.
When you're gone, how can I even try to go on?
When you're gone, what in the door?
I'm going to stop that for a second and say, this is the best take they got.
This is the one where they said,
guess we're going with take eight.
This guy sounds like he's winded in it.
Like he just ran a lap before he ran into the studio.
He's like, he's doing James Bond stunts
and then getting behind the mic.
It's like,
And there's a moment in it, the music.
Let's just leave it in the background.
I tastefully believe his version of...
You seem so far away, though you are standing near You make me feel alive, but something
that I feel, I really tried to make it out Capable, capable, she's the best one in the
whole thing capable and look yeah that was Barry I'm underneath 40 people who
can sing drown out Pierce Brosnan there's one moment in it which is not reflected
on this soundtrack where Meryl Streep goes like when you're gone and then he
goes like he like echoes it back it's looks like she's like when you're gone
When are you gone?
Skin crawling. I'm telling you I got to see this movie again. I might have imagined this
Like I it seemed like it was a weird fantasy of someone
It seemed like it was just like hey, you know, it'd be the weirdest movie ever and then like maybe it's like some weird
Maybe it's like that Twilight Zone where that kid is just creating stuff
Like just like creating worlds and he created that
that. Because this movie, I can't even, I can't believe that at some point somebody
didn't go, hey you know what, I think we might be making the most insane movie ever
made. That somebody just didn't like, let's go watch the dailies, we'll watch one Meryl
Streep and Christine Baranski and this other woman who I can't remember who, when they're
dressed in their 70s clothes doing Vule vu. No, they did super trooper, sorry. And when
they're doing super trooper, and then it's like, hey, you know what, maybe we should
not make this movie. Like, this is going to be really, this is going to be insane. And
I'm watching this movie, wondering, like are people into this? And then they're doing
dancing queen dancing queen everybody's like running down the dock because the
dock that dock is in every third shot in the movie the dock and they're on the
dock they're running around singing and everybody in theater starts cheering as
soon as dancing queen ended I was like holy moly I'm on a things are a different
world than I thought it was me it was me and a bunch of my cast that there were a
lot of dudes in the audience a lot of 70 year old guys sitting there next to their
wives just like what what is this thing like that people go to the movies every
four years it's like I guess we'll go to the movies and see that thing my wife
wants to go see the but the mama Mia thing like these guys don't even know
who Abba is these guys don't know Stig Anderson is these guys have no idea the
story the sadness the triumph the tragedy the bright lights in the dark
shadows they don't know any of this they're just sitting there because they got
drag there. The last movie these people saw in the theater was like Mrs.
Doubtfire, like one of those things. We'll go see the Mrs. Doubt, the Robin
Williams thing where he's wearing a wig. Also with Pierce Brosnan, yes. Maybe
they're just Pierce Brosnan fans. And De and Gerard De but yes. I don't like
Yes, and Gerard Depardio. Mike wins in the end. You did it again, Mike. Hey, Mike, is my special guest here yet?
He is. Where is he? Oh, he's four feet away from me? Oh, there he is. Let me put his mic on.
Hey, it's Paul F. Tomkins. Hi. Hi, Tom. Hi. How are you? Hi, Mike.
I'm very well. Thank you. It's nice to be here. Tom. So it's always nice to be here. Thanks for having you
Sorry, I'm I don't know where I am. So I'm seeing that this movie was just I'm still frazzled by this thing
It sounds like it. It's really a burr under saddle
It was like it was like this movie
It was like alternate universe
time
Where it's kind of like they made the real obba movie somewhere else the mama mia with the professional singers and dancers
And the choreography and the fun lights and like cool dance sequences where you're like just watching people go crazy
Not the one where they're just running back and forth on the same courtyard
With the same clothes lines of things. So you're saying as an adaptation. It was pretty stagebound. It was weirdly stagebound. Yes
Paul of Tomkins, by the way, the famous comedian and actor who's out and about.
He's conquering America, one city at a time.
Just doing what I can.
Yes.
So you're not going to see this movie, are you?
No.
No, of course not.
I'm not going to seek it out.
It's like something if it came on cable that I would probably stop on and watch a little bit of.
I like a lot of the people in it.
You'll watch the whole thing.
I like you think I will I'll be I'll be too fascinated by it if you flip by this movie
It doesn't stop until until you ride all the way through with it. It was
It was just it was just crazy, but have you ever seen the stage version of Mamma Mia? No
Okay, cuz I think that that you're thinking of it as the album movie
But you should really be thinking of it as the Mamma Mia movie. Yeah, no, I understand. Yes
I understand there's a distinction. Not everybody's going into the theater with their obba box under their arm
Did you take the obba box to see the movie? No
Box refuses you didn't glue googly eyes on to the front of it
No, I didn't Google yes, did you think about it?
No
No, that thing was expensive
And it's out of print
See I would have bought one for
You know to keep pristine and then one to take two functions and put googly eyes on
But I didn't know that it was going to be so valuable. I bought that thing for for under a hundred dollars
Now it's like 250 on Amazon. Yeah on eBay. Oh boy
And you damaged it with an Ikea table if I'm not much mistaken. Yes, I did was fitting that
Sweden met Sweden. That's right in one
and crushing below in the back of my car.
And just so I am straight on this,
you're saying the message of take a chance on me is,
I'm garbage.
It is, pretty much, it's garbage.
But please, will you please, knowing that I'm garbage?
When you're all alone and the pretty birds have flown,
honey I'm still free, take a chance on me.
That is kinda sad.
Just I'm there, and I'll do anything.
We can go dancing, we can go walking,
listen to some music, whatever you want, we'll do.
If you change your mind.
Yes.
I'm here because no one else wants me.
Exactly.
And if you find yourself passed over by the entire world.
If you're so desperate that even birds are not around,
to give your life any sort of pleasure at all,
then please just take it for granted
that no one wants me.
Like and I will be here. Yeah, it's not like it's not like let's say you get disfigured in a car accident
Yes, and you're like, well, I'll see if that loser is still available. Oh, no, I'm getting married. Yeah. Oh too bad
Yeah, well or birds could be the pretty ladies like if all the other pretty ladies are gone. Oh, I'm still here
I don't know the mess that term
Like I'm a mess and I'm still here still a monster that no one will love
But who's singing this? I can't sing this. And she's a beautiful lady. Yes. But
she that I guess that's her talent as a as an interpreter of songs that she's
able to put herself in the mindset of a hideous creature. Yes. Who knows that
they're unloved. Exactly. That's a good point. Like Sinatra was created
interpreting songs. Mm-hmm. But his songs were never about I'm a mutant. Like he's
that is true like about just like I'm the only one like I'll be here waiting no but
you know what you know what you know what the thing with this movie that you
were your point about it being the mama Mia movie is you cuz you were you
because it's like a fun communal experience when you go see it as the
Broadway show. Right. But this is the thing when they hire the cast members of
Mamma Mia they just don't go. Hey this person looks like fun. Let's let them up
here to star in the thing. Like it's not like hey let's make sure that the worst
person the person with the worst voice in the audience is represented on that
stage with a horrible say we're not gonna make anybody feel bad about that
they don't have a good singing voice well I guess let's put Pierce Brosnan in
this thing I guess it's like they were thinking well the audience will want to
sing along but because it's a movie theater they can't yeah it's frowned upon
it's never done and so we need we need someone up there yeah who will be the
terrible voice of the audience yeah that's it yeah which i will say that this
movie mike you're you like those horrible dog may movies right what do
they call what's the school of filmmaking dog me dog me dog may
dogma probably oh maybe dogma the bad the bad the bad the movie this movie
She was one of those.
I'm telling you, no fake singing, no fake people.
It's like, hey, let's just let Meryl Streep loose
and let her sing everything in it.
And she's got a capable voice.
She's carrying this movie.
Look, it looked like she was having a blast making this thing
and good for her because she's clearly earned it
through her career.
All the respectable movies she's done,
and she's probably just like, you know what?
This thing looks like a total hoot.
I will do it.
Capable and hoot are both such variety words.
I know a lot because of her rolling around in the floor.
Yes, she's wearing this awful,
not, she's wearing this awful kind of like,
Oshkosh, Bagash.
Oh yeah, I saw a club before jumping on a bed,
she's wearing overalls.
Yeah, she's wearing a dress like an eight year old.
It's her character eight years old no her character. She's good. Yes. She. Yes. She did pull it off. You're right fair enough. Oh
I don't know what to think of this movie. I think I need to go back. It's the only thing I can think oh boy
This is Mulan Rouge all over again. It is Mulan Rouge all over again. I had I say thing
It's people that are not necessarily singers. Yeah singing a bunch of songs that you know
right true that you've heard that first you see you're like I don't I think this
might be the worst thing I've ever seen and then you end up seeing it
yeah same thing with speed racer did people sing in that no but it was a
sack could not figure out I was like did I just really hate that thing I just
watched or did I like it and it's just torn it was unlike speed racer at least
with speed racer I did not feel the need to drag a new person to it to be like
Right just tell me
Was this thing nuts? Did you do that with casino royale with uh, no no casino
What's it called Mulan Rouge Mulan Rouge words? I saw Mulan Rouge by myself
Mm-hmm, which made it just weird. I was like did that even happen, but then you so did you make somebody else come see?
Yes, I did. I see with my lady friend. Oh sure. What did she think of it? I?
Think she liked it too
I think I like Mulan Rouge in the end because it's all it's one of those like that's like all or nothing
That's like sliding your chips in and the people making it are just aware. Nobody's thinking like what do they think our movies crazy what?
Nobody shocked that they thought that that movie was uh was nuts right well that yeah after the first
I had a tough time with that movie. Let's say the first 20 minutes. Mm-hmm where it was all super fast
Yeah editing and a lot of John Leguizambo. Yeah, and then after that stopped
I started to like it more and more and I think I get what they're going for and I think I'm on board with it
Yeah, you know, they're trying to tell a nice little love story. Yes, sweet
I think I ended up liking it, but I think I liked the intention of it more than I liked the actual movie
You know what I mean sure I felt like everybody's heart was in the right place. Yes
How about you Mike Mulan Rouge
didn't make it through no much too cool I walked out of that garbage you're too
busy getting back to one of your I'd go recapturing the right again like what's
that there's no gore what do you spike or gore yeah cuz that's that's what I
associate you with Mike Gore. So I want to put a topic out here to get the show
gone. Here's how I'm gonna start off. I'm gonna tell people first of all I was in
California for two weeks. That's true. I saw you while you did. Yeah. Then while I
was out there I was spotting celebrities left and right. True. You ready for this
list of celebrities Mike. It's going to blow everybody's mind. Leave. It's an eclectic
list. It is. Leaving the airport. Boom. Driving from the airport. Who do I see in the car
next to me? Oliver Stone. Then get to the hotel, set my stuff down. Go to the Whole Foods
on uh... in west hollywood
right there
jeff goldblum
and inside so some lady bugging him
kind of like
talking to him kind of like
it was like she was like talking to him in a very creepy way where she's trying
to make like she's like
an industry person also like
like i'm not just a creepy fan
where we are in the same business and
and she's like i just have to say you are so
fantastic. But if you're in Whole Foods and you see, if you see Jeff Goldblum anywhere,
nobody's going for a run saying like, man, I hope I run into Jeff Goldblum one day. That's
kind of like you land on Jeff Goldblum. It's like, oh, Jeff Goldblum's there. Hey, you know what?
I like that guy. Nobody's like, I love Jeff Goldblum. We crossed my fingers and hope we cross paths
someday and then it's like you're uh you know we're in the you know business
blah blah blah I like you and he's like oh that whole that oh thank you thank
you so much very uh very nice of you thank you I thank you for your words
oh yeah yes well that's very sweet for you thank you yes yes then in the hotel
Let's see if Mike knows who this one is. Stacey Kebler. Do you know that is Mike?
You do know that? You don't?
Dancing with the stars. No
No, not high school musical. I
Gotta get rid of Mike. I'm serious. I need a kid in here. I need a kid. This guy's dragging me down
throwing the demo off. I need like a relatable, I need a relatable kid to be
like Robin to my Batman. You know like I need the, I need the kid who like kind
of like covers that whole age bracket. I'm not getting that from the show right
now. Stacey Keelber, it was like I was looking, she was taller than me. That's
that's all I, you know.
Then I see in the hotel lobby the next day,
Big Boy from Outcast, not the good guy from Outcast,
the creep who nobody's interested in,
who raises pit bulls.
I saw him, not the good guy.
Then, driving around the following day
through West Hollywood and Melrose.
And there's like some hip tee place.
Oh, yeah.
I see like a camera crew out there.
And I was just like, what are they filming?
What is that?
Entourage is going to be filming there?
And then I look, who do you think I see, Mike?
Johnny Drama on the sidewalk.
You're sitting on it like a crew chair?
Right on the sidewalk.
So they were shooting Entourage?
Yes, Entourage was literally shooting there.
You didn't tell me that part.
thing is though when you when you're when you're one of the four entourage
guys maybe I'm gonna say it's on a bad day your number three on that
entourage nobody's lower than turtle on that list turtles he's a hard four yeah
on that list he's five beneath the Piven oh that's true absolutely you figure
He might even be below, like, E.
Yeah, well, he's definitely, E is ostensibly E
and the other guy in Adrian Grenier.
I bet it goes Grenier.
Grenier, so you think.
Piven, E, Johnny Drama, and then Turtle.
Yeah, Jerry Ferrara.
What is that name so perfect for that actor?
Knowing that this is the only thing he will ever do.
Yes, exactly.
ever see him and Jerry Ferrara. He was Thomas Essen.
Exactly. Got to vent the light bulb. I don't know. This guy Tesla. He's all over me.
So he is, but I see Johnny drama. Kevin Dillon is his real name. He did not need to be sitting
on the sidewalk. They have other places for you guys to sit so that, oh I don't know,
car-dropping by doesn't see you there. So he maybe needed a little shot of of
celebrity to make him feel good about himself. Then I'm eating a piquito moss
that night. I see a guy walking by with a woman like five inches taller than him.
Who is it? David Faustino. Bud Bundy. Now you might say my list now. We have gone
from Oliver Stone and Jeff Goldblum to David Faustino. Is there a floor to
this list? Yes there is but we haven't found it yet because the next day, oh I
think I might know who's florist, I'm going to the movies. You see a very
exciting movie I was there. I got see a movie called Death Defying Acts. It was
very exciting. We actually got tickets to it. It was very thrilling. I see walking
down the street. What's so funny? It was the new Guy Pierce, Catherine Zeta Jones
movie right walking into a bar Danny Bonaducci in a black t-shirt tight black
t-shirt walking like an orangutan walking walking into one of the
diviest bars in Hollywood too yeah like one of the scariest what is the name of
that bar that would be the powerhouse the power it is a straight up it's not
old man bar it's a future old man yeah so it's like the old man while they're
still young and violent yes they will be there they will be there in the decades
to come the same the same 40 people that frequent that bar if they live if they
live long enough to become old they live from your lips to God's
tongue thank thank you then bonnaducci now I'm gonna say that's the floor to the
list. Then I see Julie Chen a day later walking.
You kept this from me. We might not have talked. You might have left by that point.
I saw Julie Chen walking out of her dressing room because I was one of these fancy Hollywood
lots with her like made up to go shoot whatever she was shooting. And her hair was like a
foot and a half high. It's like when you see hair like that in real life like the anchor
woman hair all right it's ridiculous it doesn't look not it looks like the
weirdest hair you've ever seen in your life it was like a weird helmet she was
wearing like that girl like that kind of more like Rick Moranis in
space balls with that oversized Darth Vader you played dark helmet he played
dark helmet that was their play on Darth Vader that was a great movie by the way
I remember like seeing that movie and wanting to like it so much that I pretended like I was laughing at things in it that I was not finding funny thinking that maybe if I got cognitive what is it called cognitive dissonance right I don't know something like that like if you if you smile enough it will make you happy. Yes, it did not work for like 15 minutes and I pulled the plug on that concept.
I was like I cannot fake it through this one. This is bad
Then I went driving to I went to to the Pacific Coast highway driving
beautiful
And who did I see in the parking lot of a Starbucks in Malibu?
Ben Stein, okay, that might be the floor. I might actually put that as the floor beneath Boniducci
Because at least Bonaducci knows he's a complete punchline, and he's like a weird
survivor to a show business, so he's like, he's like, he would be like, I'm a total,
I'm completely talentless, I have nothing to offer, I just managed to stay alive in
the business.
Like Ben Stein thinks he's great.
Exactly.
Yeah.
Exactly.
Like Danny Bonaducci knows he's a parasite.
I'm like a cockroach who survived.
Exactly.
How many zeros in the check?
I'll be there but Ben Stein would be like I'm pretty good never gonna win an
Oscar but I know I'm but I have a lot to offer then driving past Barney's
beanery I think that's what it is right that awful place yeah and I'm
90% sure I saw Star Jones in the car next to me but that I was I was not a
hundred percent certain not on the list but then a day later I am a hundred
percent certain as I now I'm in full I need to spot more celebrities mode
looking in any fancy car over see and I see a somewhat fancy car and I look
over and who's in it Danny Bonaducci I saw him twice yes and then in my hotel
lobby on the final day, Chrissy Hinde. That was a good one.
Well, that's a good one.
Yeah.
So, so what I would want to say is to you, the listener, over in the radio land
here on WFMU, 201, 209, 9368. Best celebrity sightings and worst celebrity
sightings. There's one for everybody. Everybody's got one. We've done it. I
I know we've did it with autographs before, 201, 209, 9368.
And this is, this is exciting, this is why you don't expect to see this person.
Yeah, this is not go, it's not like,
Hey, I went to the Star Trek convention, you'll never guess who I saw there.
Burt Ward!
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah.
Although what was Burt Ward doing at the Star Trek convention?
You had a booth, you had a booth.
Yeah, he would have a booth.
I bet there's a crossover.
yeah it it's like when i saw <E.D.> patrick
at the booth at the Beatles
that's a harrowing story
like that's
stretching the
definition of crossover
shall i get the ball rolling
oh i would love it
all right i want to let me just say first of all yes please
is w f m u east orange wx hd mount hope worldwide web at w f m u dot o r g
this is best shown w f m u my name's top sharply join the studio by a special
guest
paul f thompkins the uh...
The famous comedian who was graced us with his presence.
You may know him from best week ever.
You may know him from the root of all evil.
Louis Black's the root of all evil.
Yeah, Louis Black's the root of all evil,
which comes back at the end of the month.
July 30th, yeah, starts airing again.
In July 30th, and I was actually, I had the privilege
of being in one of the tapings.
I saw Paul go up against Patton.
exciting clash of the Titans like Beatles versus Rolling Stones and you know who
wins we do the audience who likes entertainment the opposite of alien
versus predator yes exactly yeah cuz I was in a car one time with a friend I
was in the passenger seat and one of the things it's fun to do is point out
people who look like celebrities yeah right so I was in this car and my
friend and I are talking about whatever and I'm looking around and I'm making a
point and then I turn to the car as if I'm speaking to the person in the car
next to us at the stoplight and I say am I right Lily Tomlin looking dude and
then I realize it is Lily Tomlin in a white Mercedes dressed all in white
I'll uh, John Lennon in that period. Wow. Um, but it was full on all his helmet
So she gets into her white car, and it's like let me get in the white car outfit. Yeah
Exactly. Maybe she's got OCD. Who knows?
She might have 50 cars. Yeah, like Jay Leno. Yeah
It's got an airplane hanger full of cars
Jay Leno
Did you hear about his little prank?
Yeah, Jimmy Kimmel dresses up in disguise and a bad disguise to go to some ABC press conference and ask and then
Both the Jimmy Kimmel show and then nobody laughs. Yeah, exactly. Did you talk about this? Oh, no
No, no, no, no, okay, then somehow I don't know where this bolt of inspiration hits J. Leno
To do the exact same thing two weeks later, right his press conference
Yeah, maybe it maybe the bolt of inspiration hit him when he was watching Jimmy Kimmel's show
I want to say about Jay Leno right now right now it's all he's always a
popular like he's gonna where's he gonna go where who cares where he's gonna go
he's the worst the worst that guy the absolute most mediocre bottom of the
barrel is Jay Leno and and now he's like always being he's being snubbed by NBC
first of all the guys never should have said y'all leave in five years he wasn't
sure. You know what you say? I'm not sure. Yeah. That's all you
say. Yeah. Well, five years ago, when they said, Hey, Jay,
you know, gonna want to put Conan in the 1130 slot. Would you
retire in five years? And then, you know what you say? I don't
know. Maybe, maybe not. I'm not sure. Right. Or how about
this? No, I know, I know me. Yeah. I know that all I like to do
is work and make money. Yeah. And what else am I going to do?
So yes, I want to stay here forever. I am your number one. Yeah, I'm beating everyone late night
I'd rather I'd rather hold on to this. Yeah a while and when I am ready to leave, you know what? I'll tell you guys. Yeah
Right, but now he's making like he's the victim
He's like oh, they're forcing him out. He said he was leaving
But also the forcing about does that sound familiar at all Jay? Yeah
I remember when you tried to do that with Carson.
Yeah, you ran out guy who was actually good at that.
Yeah, who was going to retire in due time?
Yeah.
You know, it was not going to do that show until he was 90.
He was probably a year away from it anyway.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, but so Jay Leno does the same thing as Kimmel,
but nobody laughs because they don't realize it's him.
Yeah, because they disguise him too well.
Yeah.
Through a bald cap and this weird beard.
Yeah.
and so then people are just uncomfortable like what was this guy that's asking
check his credentials check this
yeah
good one j
he doesn't know how to accommodate the worst
because the worst he's terrible
absolutely you know i hope this is what i hope happens to him
hope he leaves and he thinks he's going to be he thinks he's going to be king of
the mountain when he finally picks his job
and then he picks it and no one cares
Maybe America can somehow wise up at some point and then and and wake up I
Don't know who's at the door and I don't wanna is it scary. Is it like the strangers? Are they wearing a mask? I?
Don't want to talk about you saw that I don't want ever strangers made me scared of my own home
I don't ever want to see that's the gift does I call that the gift of the strangers. Yeah, do you hear about strangers too?
This tab is no what happens they come to hotels now
It killed the hotel.
Yeah.
Is this taverns room beep?
It's so scary.
You hear just the beep?
As they slide a key into the thing.
That's all you hear is.
I think there's somebody four feet away from us.
In this New York hotel room.
I'll go investigate.
The phone lines are all lit up here at 201-209-9368.
Well, they really are.
Yes, they are.
That's how it happens now. This show has exploded. It's gigantic. We can't not get called an FMU. You're on the air
Going all right, where you what bowling alley are you calling from? I'm caught from Broadway. I got a
worst
Worst delivery story best delivery story for you. Let's hear it
August 2000 I was in Bryant Park on
42nd Street, and I saw what's across Street. What's a 42nd and what? I don't know
Oh, okay, library. Okay. Never left. All right. Go ahead. I found my fountain in Bryant Park. Yeah, Gilbert Gottfried
Okay, that's the best one or the worst one. I can't really decide. Maybe you can help me out with it. Let's hear the other one
I don't know. I'm not so I look at it. I'm gonna go your Gilbert Gottfried
He looks at me and he goes at me
Uh-huh, that was it
I don't know. I'm going to say that's a that's a that's a middle of the line one.
It's not Paul. Goodbye. FM you're on the air. Hi guys. Hi, who's this? This is
power caller Erica from Baltimore. Yes, how are you? You're going to say who Barry
Levinson? No. John Polito. Some waters, you know, that would be the typical.
I'll have you.
Andre Brower?
Kellrichon.
No.
No, I didn't live here for a long time, so...
Oh.
Nope.
Nope.
I've only actually seen one.
Divine.
One celebrity.
Who is it, Erica?
I was at an airport.
I was at BWI, and it was after I had taken a red-eye home from somewhere in California,
and I saw like all that expensive luggage, probably like $7,000 worth of Louis Vuitton
luggage.
Mm-hmm.
The you saw the brothers from I thought you were gonna say you saw the brothers from Darjeeling limited
So you saw the guy from <E.D.> Eye for the straight guy
Yeah, Carson and he was all like he was like all cowered over in the feet
Hoping that no one would see and there was there was like five other people, you know
Picking up their luggage, but what are the other four guys doing now? Are they just furious at this one?
He's the breakout guy from that show. He's not even the breakout guy the guy. He's on top chef
I can't remember his name because one of the judges. Oh the glasses guy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
Sometimes and then the other guy has a design show. I watch all that stuff. It's terrible
I know so you track all of their solo ventures. No, I don't track them
They have I have stumbled upon them in the one other cable addiction the grooming guy is a senator
Like Fred grandi. Yeah, yeah, exactly. The Wyoming Wyoming
Erica. Yes top-notch ten of ten. Have a good night
FM you you're on the air. Hi Tom. Hi, who's this Steven North Hollywood? How are you? Uh-oh the dramatic return of Steve
from North Hollywood. Are you gonna be able to rehab your image Steve? There's a
bounce back. I hope so. You're in like full-on, you know where you're at right
now? What's that? Like Tina Turner. This could be your private dancer. I'm gonna
say this could be private dancer for you. Whoa, is that a good thing? Yes, this could
be your comeback. Also hi to Paul F. Tomkins, you rock, I love your stuff. Well
thank you very much dude. Big out guys on the right trajectory. Thank, I like your
stuff he's not he's not uh... he's not being uh... like kind of like uh...
like uh... uh... kind of squirrely about it
being a being of sequence yes
go ahead steve already i have a uh... that's the worst uh... celebrity
fighting couple stories
uh... i'll just give you two
uh... the first one the kid from uh...
drill bit teller
well i think i'm almost too much
i saw that movie on a plane by the way
i saw that i'm a plane flying out
um...
I didn't watch it, honestly, because I wanted, I can't watch movies on planes where it's
just like, no matter how bad the movie is, I still have a thing about watching movies
and I don't like them being interrupted because the movie theater is shaking.
yeah
p.a. in progress
that still throws me
that makes a lot of sense actually
so go ahead so you were in you saw who you were wearing you saw who
this was like my first week after moving to L.A. I was going to visit a friend
like West Hollywood and I was passing this sort of really high end like
hair salon and my one roommate she's like oh my god
Look it's Candice Bergen and I looked through the window and Candice Bergen is just laying into the girl behind the counter of this salon
I mean jamming her finger in her face just yelling about it's terrible
You know whatever went wrong with her hair that day. Mm-hmm. That was pretty frightening
I kind of was like we need to we need to get away from here now
That's a pretty good one. You saw a celebrity meltdown. I guess not just I didn't I didn't listen to what was going on
You know, but but it looks scary. I
I didn't I didn't want to be that girl behind that that shampoo yes that day you
have one other for us Steve I do have I have a best one here and I think it's
pretty cool it happened I don't know maybe two years ago I was out on a date
and we were at like pretty show up pumpkins might know this place we were
right by the UCB in Los Angeles absolutely UCB junior and we were sitting
out on the sidewalk and I'm on this date and Robin Williams comes by my
Table and I had run into him like a couple weeks before and he stops and shoots the bull with me in my date for a second
I was like that is a really awesome thing for Robin Williams to have just done
Yeah, pretty cool. Made me look great in front of my date. Mm-hmm, and I would have to say that's the best I
Gotta say Steve. Yes, sir
This call was not a grand slam not a homerun. It was not a triple. No, you know what?
It's a double though.
A double?
You just get your swing back.
You get your swing back.
I'm going to get off your phone now.
See you looking.
The guy knows when to leave.
Well done Steve.
Have a good night.
Let me show Tom.
Take care.
Those were like Matt Dillon and to die for it.
In terms of a comeback.
Yeah.
I would say yeah.
The word's like, hey that guy's still around.
Yeah.
Well that was alright.
Yeah.
It's kind of like Stallone and Copland.
That did not take the idea that hey you know we forgot he's a really good actor
like well first of all maybe he never was a really good actor no and then and
he's bad in this that was a movie where like everyone had speeches in it
was like Robert De Niro have like a two-minute speech the cooler was like
that too I didn't see the cool terrible movie but everybody had a speech where
they know that those are the award speeches yeah yeah yeah oh there's another
friend of mine who lives right here right here on the East Coast lives in
New York City used to live in the same neighborhood as Sarah Jessica Parker
and Matthew Broderick and used to like them as a couple like them okay sure but
then dislike them one one time they were riding through the neighborhood on a
bike Matthew Broderick is peddling the bikes she is sitting on the handlebars
And they're waving at people
Like it like they're like it's royalty. Yeah, like isn't this delightful you guys look at how adorable we're being like let's give people a thrill
Yeah, yeah, yeah, man. That's creepy. Like you really need to wait for people to wave first. Yes
Famous people unless you're like a politician
Yeah, like but they're not politicians. It's like that. There was a great clip of George Bush getting off some plane
and there's two guys standing on the other side of this fence and he gets off
and he waves them and they don't wave back and so he does it again like these
guys obviously didn't see it they didn't see the president yeah waving now we
know it's you know yeah FM you you're on the air hey Tom hey Paul it's Rory from
Providence Rory how are you Rory I'm doing well yourselves good thank you
Okay. So I have a worst celebrity sighting. Let's hear it. So I don't even know if this
one's gonna, if it's someone kind of on your radar, but I was in Brooklyn last year visiting
my brother and we were in this comic book shop. I saw this kind of like, how do I know you're
familiar? You're from something? And then I realized he was one of the members of the
the whitest kid you know that
sketch comedy
fm you you're on the air
fm you you're on the air
i think that's correct and what they do it
they could sell you don't have a uh...
at a best and worse
let's hear it
uh... so the best one
was out of
hollywood
i
was fine a video game or something
and in front of me in line was judy dench
old and she had
grand theft auto for the p s p but you find out
really
no he did not
i mean it might not have been for her
so i don't know what that is you know she's waiting a lot on the second
she wasn't playing grand theft or you picked her maybe it's not heard i'd see
she was buying grand theft auto for the p s p
yet but it might have been for her grandson for example but even then i can't
imagine she's the person that goes out and purchases that. You know what I mean?
Will you find this for me? Exactly. But she could still be grandma going into a
store with a list of things that doesn't make sense. I need these things. What's
like Grand Theft Auto 3? Like what did Grand Theft Auto? Vice City. And then she
gets the wrong one she goes I got you grand theft auto I already have this
one grandma grandma is Dame Judy Dench he was very specific it's got to be
city does that make any sense to you some to the best by employee I when I
was on Christmas is that it that's a very good one and so yeah the worst I
I work at a store kind of like a pop culture store
pop culture store
Okay
Fred came in Fred who Durst Fred Durst. Uh-huh. How did I know it was Fred Durst cuz it's one syllable?
I guess yeah, you're you're your voice dropped out for a second, but I filled in the blanks
see
if you think you did just go ahead so freckers came in
uh... he came in with his you know seven or eight-year-old son
and he just bought a lot of inappropriate thing for him the kid was
going around and there you know
you felt like a lamp
that uh... it's a new figure
and he bought that for him he bought you know some
adult ish magazine
what is that i think i think i think it was for his son was the kid picking
things out it was going around like point at the same
wanted by
i don't like that story at all minted
thumbs down for a first
so it that's a best one in duty dentures the worst one your priorities are
you know
reverse
to be dead yeah that's what i'm saying is they should be reversed
i know thank you
so you anyway you work at the tower
I worked it out. So I would deal with people that would bring lists and things. Yeah, then this was the cool tower video
On sunset. Yeah, it was very cool. Yeah, it was very cross from the Viper club
Viperum Johnny Depp would come in sometimes to to rent videos
and
There was a guy that came in one time
that was looking for a movie and
He was very he was very upset because he had already dealt with another of the clerks that works there
that could not help him and he came in he came up to me and he said and it was
one of those things where my colleague totally passed this guy off on me. Perhaps
Paul here could help you which I do I do admire and I said can I help you
sir he goes yes look at my very famous movie it's called ballroom dancing and I
said it's called the name of it is ballroom dancing yes it's famous it's a
famous movie from Australia called ballroom dancing yeah and I said well let me
look it up oh that other guy already looked it up at the computer I know you
have it it's very famous ballroom dancing and I said do you mean strictly ballroom
and there was just a beanie went yes
But no, no apology, but there's enough defeat in his voice that we both accepted that, right?
Yeah, yeah.
All right.
You got me.
Yeah.
Yeah.
When I first started working there, I was there for a day, this is my first day on the
job.
And Jennifer Aniston came up to the camera and I had literally been there for a matter
of hours.
whenever anybody rents you get their you know you get their name and you get
their ID for them to rent the videos and so she came up to the counter and this
is 1994 so it's like friends is popular but it's not like the huge
phenomenon yeah it's a it's a top 10 show yeah yeah so she puts a video on the
counter and she's with some friend some Hollywood looking dude like not one of
the other, not one of the friends.
Not one of the friends.
Not in a capital F friend.
Okay, okay.
A pal, let's say.
Okay, yeah.
And some guy who was like a skinny bald dude
looked like he could be in a band maybe,
but he really looked like he looked like a hanger on,
you know? Okay.
Maybe he was a DJ somewhere or something.
Yeah.
So she puts the video down and I said,
okay, can I see some ID?
And then she just reaches in her wallet
and pulls out her ID.
But her pal goes, like, ridiculous
than I would ask her for the ID.
But I got handed to her for just playing by the rules.
She's a normal person.
Unlike Jeff Fahey, who I've told you that story, I think.
Jen, no.
Jeff Fahey, the star of the lawnmower man.
I was working there one night.
And the phone rings, and I answer it.
And guy goes, this is Jeff Fahey.
I'm staying at the hotel across the street.
I wanted to rent some movies.
I just want to send the concierge over there
to pick up the movies.
So can I give you a list of the movies that I want?
I said, well, do you have an account with us?
And he goes, well, no, I was just going to send
the concierge over there.
And I said, well, you can only rent movies
if you have an account.
There's no way we can record it in the system.
And he said, well, I don't want to come all the way over
there to make up an account just so I can rent these movies.
Can I just send a guy over there to pick up the movies?
I'm right across the street.
And I said, no, no, no.
The way it works is we have to have your name in the system
in order to check the movies.
Like, it works in every video store that you've ever anticipated.
Yes.
Yes.
Even at the library, you have to have a card.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So he goes, let me ask you a question.
How many Jeff Fahey movies do you have in your store?
So I explain, like, that's not what it's about.
I was like, do you honestly think I would steal videos?
And I said, it's not about me thinking
you're going to steal videos.
Then we, honestly, we physically can't rent you the things.
We have to have some log of them going out.
And the only way we can do that is we
some sort of account so the concierge can open an account for the hotel or
whatever you go all right well let me make sure you have the movies that I
want before I do this when I said okay so he gives me this list of movies and
then I go look them up and of course when I get back on the phone he goes
hung up so a couple months go by and then I'm working and I answer the phone and
And a guy goes, and he sounds exactly like this.
Hi there. I wanted to read some videos.
And I said, okay. And he goes, yes.
It's a list of videos starring James Coburn.
So can you tell me if you have those videos?
And so I go through this list of videos.
And like, this voice is ridiculous, right?
So it's somebody putting on a voice and it's clear.
Yes, yes, yes.
And I'm like, waiting for the punchline.
somebody's doing some yeah I can't just say you're being you know obviously
there's a joke to hang up so I go through what I look in our inventory you
know the book in the book you know well we have this we have this we have this
and I get to this one movie so there's James Coburn was also with this and he
goes oh so he's doing yeah yeah was that with Jeff he and I say yes it was and
And he goes, I'll be right down at check out those videos.
And then nobody ever came in.
And clearly it was a friend of mine.
But nobody ever claimed ownership of it.
Nobody ever said, hey, that was for you to call to this day.
That was like a decade ago, over 10 years ago.
I love that stuff.
I admire the patience of whoever that was.
It's still hanging on you.
It's still hanging on me.
Yeah.
I like calling a store, like I did this a couple of times
were in my younger days, where I'd call a story,
I'd be like, oh, you're like doing a dumb voice.
And then the one time the person, the person,
I hope it goes, yeah, okay.
And then I said, and I said, I'm sorry?
Like in the same voice and the person went, oh, I'm sorry.
How can I help you, sir?
Like they thought that it was one of their buddies
doing a thing, and then when I held the voice.
I'm sorry.
Oh, I apologize.
There's that's this guy's voice. I need to soften this. We a thing that my friend and I used to do was we would call up in
In a voice like this
Yeah, I have a choir ring about the
The collectible the collectible coins
And they would say oh, okay, sir. No sir. I'm a woman
It was about oh, I am sorry ma'am. How can I help you today?
Hold on one second. I'm going to do this. FM you, you're on the air. Hello. Hello, who's this?
This is Liz, calling from Chicago. How are you, Liz? I'm doing pretty good. How are you doing?
I'm doing okay very good all right now you're calling from what from a some sort
of space shuttle where they're 10 second delay between our conversation I'm using
a voice modulator what's on your mind Liz I've got two one good one not so good
celebrity sightings so you're in chicago so one is billy corgan right
no no no they're not music fighting okay let's hear
jim buchie
no close
i was um...
in new york
on columbus
and uh... in the around the seventies and i was walking past it poster store
and out of the poster store came
bill mary
and it's beautiful woman
and i was completely shocked i like looked around to see if anybody noticed
it and nobody noticed and i just like step like frozen inhaled like
and he's on my reaction and he reacted exactly the same way back and he said
i know
that's the best
milmaris the best
yeah that was pretty awesome
ugly stuff
we're not going to
which we don't know if it's true or not we don't know if it's true so we're
not going to drag him through it
it's true
it's horrible
and shame on you
i don't know
so go who's the who's the bad one
okay well this wasn't bad as much as it was my reaction i think was kind of
bad
also in new york i was uh...
on seventh street uh... super early in the morning i was around seven
street no new c
and i'm heading to work and they're shooting something in
Tomkins Square Park. And this was I think the first year that signed
belt was out and I really didn't start watching signed belt until two or three
years into it. I just kind of came late. Okay like what around which ones were
the ones that turned you on to the show? Chinese restaurant one, don't want the
bet. No that's like first season Chinese restaurant. That first season. Do you
remember Liz which ones like might have been the entry point for you? I don't
No, because my whole beginning experience
of science bubble is hearing my coworkers recount
every moment, like, plop point by plop point
into, you know, like, I felt like I'd actually seen them.
I can't remember.
Do you want to leave out, though,
is the one where you're like,
fine, I'm going to watch this thing.
Oh, and where did you work at the time?
Yeah.
It was a celebrity photo agency.
OK.
So anyway, you're new to Seinfeld.
We're just going to, we'll brush past the things like that.
right so i'm
walking past the park in their filming something and i hadn't started watching
science out yet
and i look up and i see jason alexander
but my my actual reaction was like
i think that guys
on t.v.. and so he saw me and he kind of did a
dada
like i was supposed to react or ask it for a
an autograph and i
I just put my head down a couple hours.
For you.
It's on him.
That was a bad move on his part.
He was initiating the, yeah, and it was initiating.
Bill Murray can get away with, yeah, I know.
That's funny.
This guy's got this thing.
Jason Alexander in an early era of Seinfeld.
No cloud for that.
No cloud.
Thank you.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey Tom, hey Paul.
Hi there.
Who's this?
This is Ramsey from Green Point.
Ramsey quality caller you are the polar opposite of your your friend who called
me two times off my guy hung up on twice tonight I hurt you that I was really
shocked to hear that why were you shocked to hear that that's exactly the kind of
thing that he always does I would have expected him to wait until he could have
been on the air I dumped him on Facebook by the way yeah I saw I saw your
cleaning I'm cleaning house on Facebook I'm gonna delete another 20 people so
way to do it
what we got ramsi
uh... i've got a that's not worth uh... what should i leave out
let's go uh... which was funnier
i'll go with i'll have to work okay do it
uh... they were both this weekend uh... my worst was uh... both this weekend
really well
uh... l-xandra jameson
better known as morgan spurlock's girlfriend
okay
all right now you know the ad you know the definition of the liberty
i'm gonna say
uh...
uh...
i have to look up her name
uh...
I'm working, Morgan Spurlock is barely ready to assemble.
Well, you guys are going to lift my bag with me.
They've been going after a while though, it is the fence.
All right, right, right, sure, sure, sure.
It's this old lady.
Well, my best was Morgan Spurlock.
Wait a minute, so then you pulled them together.
That's nuts.
You are insane.
I'm sorry.
No, but you saw them together.
Okay.
Hey, did you see any of the doctors from?
I think I saw the guy that he spent on 30 days. He spent 30 days. No, I didn't see anybody else. Thank you Ramsey. You're sweet
FM you you're on the air
I'm doing all right. Who's this?
booty and brooklyn how are you
formerly mustachio spoonie from what i've heard formerly
this guy had one of the best mustaches i've ever seen it was a good one
it was a good one i'd seen a mustach too it was not bad but now
clean shaven
clean shaven a baby face
so what do you see it's bony
or what you know i got two stories kind of like these are brooklyn stories are
these brooklyn stories
no one is a manhattan story okay one of the pittsburgh story
let's hear them
uh... yes until two cities the first one is james taylor
i thought i'm about maybe ten years ago
he was playing a plane of the concert event
and it's very
so he comes in for lunch with his entourage at the club will work at the
date and restaurant
the waiter walked up doesn't always can be waiting on james taylor
just kind of walks up the table and just says oh hey
i'll look at where it came to her
and james taylor just does this i roll
like head rolled back
gives the drink order
where walks away and it's just immediately set upon by the manager you
have to leave
you can't you can't talk to james taylor for that
yeah
i have a little james taylor
so i think i was going to cut his also book and feed it to him because he
loved him that much
no but you never i think it was more protecting the guy than protecting
james taylor cuz remember the guy
james taylor a little problems right
he's a rage-aholic you could go crazy yeah apparently from what I've heard
who else you got oh booty the other one last week post Ted Leo show we had uh we
had a little FOT you know yeah yeah uh-huh we went uh since it was kind of an
over-under crowd we we tried to take everyone to the TGI Friday's it was
in Pettery Park but it was closed uh-huh uh-huh so we went next door to this
plan actually I'm not gonna mention the place but it kind of looked like it was
built in Syracuse in 1974 and like transplanted to Manhattan which is all
wood paneling. Sure sure. Straight out of slap shots. Yes. Having fun and who
walked through who walked through us but Ellen Vega from Suicide. He's pretty
good. Yeah he was actually a really nice guy. I wasn't sure if it was him
because he kind of looks like Roy Orbison now but we've told people age
I don't want to say thanks booty FM you're on the air hi Tom hi who's this this is
Bonnie Bonnie from Georgia house camp I was over now I was camp it was it was
good kids to stay in line yes drink a lot of bug juice yes you go snipe
punting. No. No, it was just it was all good. Did your camp compete against another camp
in any contests? No, we had another camp come vandalize our cabin. So your camp, but your
camp was the, was your camp, did the kids who vandalize your camp, were they rich kids
or were they fighting back against your, your snobby camp? Well, we're the girl camp and
they're the boy can't okay so they liked you
is what it is they like
they're trying to express the fact that they like
girls
yeah and the normal way that was
so let's hear it bony i got a got a
every lines lit up
what do you got
uh...
something for the topic and the only like celebrity fighting i've ever had
was
uh... i wrote in the elevator
in a hotel with
this guy from life house
like the bass player or something and well this guy knows like really big into
life house everything and he saw me when I was getting off of the elevator and
he's like oh my god did you know who that was and then I didn't know and then
like he just ran off and ran up to the guy and was like talking to him and then
later I got out of the bass player from life house what is that what is
Life House's biggest hit I don't know. I don't listen to them. I'm sorry. I
appreciate it as a top-notch call. Well always charming. There's a there's a
worst celebrity sighting too. Let's hear it. Okay well we're at Centennial
Park in Atlanta and we're ice skating and then we saw George Harrison but
What was made so bad is that number one, there wasn't George Harrison, number two,
George Harrison is not alive anymore, so it was really sad.
But it looked exactly like him.
Okay.
That's stretching.
I think the idea of the topic, which is to, did you see anybody who looked like a famous
person?
That celebrity look-alikes topic.
I'm going to say, look, I saw somebody who I would put money on that that was Star Jones,
I am not a hundred percent certain I didn't put her on my list and
Star Jones is still alive. Sorry Bonnie
Thanks for calling I gotta keep that every line is lit up. It's going nuts tonight
Thanks. You have a good have a good night. You call back later. Okay. Bye
Fm you you're on the air. Hey Tom April. How you doing tonight? Good. Thank you. How are you? I'm good
It's Mike and Manhattan. I got a best and worst. All right. Let's hear it and let's hear it fast
I my best is acting out for maybe my worst. I saw Sam Waterston
At this charity fundraiser event. He was given a given a talk and I went up to him
And I guess I had a couple of like I guess a couple of champagne
And I asked him not one but two questions about robot insurance
Okay, so you're referencing that Saturday
And then I don't know why but that's what I chose to ask
That's all right I like your classy drunk though Mike and to his credit he
answered both questions sounds like a good guy what else you got my my worst
is I and this isn't supposed to be a dig at the guy I actually think he's
pretty cool but I saw Bob Balban on the street a month ago yeah and I'm up
you know not so but I'm just saying he's my worst because I actually tried
twice to tell people that day and it took me like five minutes each time to
Kind of tell them who he was, what he was, and then finally he just came out.
He wrote the co-wrote Gossford Park.
Yeah, I've never mentioned it.
Co-writer of Gossford Park.
What?
Played War in Little Field in the late shift.
I know he directed the.
FMU, you're on the air.
I got to keep it moving.
Hey, hey, hey, what's up?
Hey, it's Colin.
What?
Bed connection.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi, Colin.
Hi, Paul.
Who's this?
Emma from Toronto.
Top-notch, Colin.
How are you, Emma?
I'm from the TDOT exactly.
I'm all right, thank you for asking.
I have one, but, and I'm not sure if it's like the best
or the worst or just the most embarrassing,
but it's not mine, it's like a family friend.
Can I do it?
Sure, for you, yes.
Thank you very much.
So we have a friend and she's an actor
and she was at like an opening for something, I think.
And she saw a guy from across the room
who she thought she recognized.
and she spent like a good
fifteen minutes trying to figure out like where she knew him from
and she was like thinking about it and she was thinking that she'd like she'd
been in a show with him
once and so she was it you know like racking her brain trying to remember
his name
and so finally she decided the best course of action would just be to go up
and start talking to him and then she'd like figured out from there she want to
be rude and ignore him or anything
and so she goes up and she starts talking to him like hi how are you how
have you been and he's
you know he's kind of talking to her but
and maybe through she realizes it's Harrison Ford
yeah that's a fun one Harrison Ford yeah she was like oh my god you're Han Solo and then forgot
I lost her, what? FMU you're on the air. FMU you're on the air. Hey Tom and Paul it's
Samir and Florida. Hi Samir. How are you Samir? I'm very well thanks, how are you guys doing?
Doing alright. Alright it's good to have you back on the air Tom. Thank you. Alright I
I have a best, and a worst, my best was, like Laurie,
I was at a show watching Jarvis,
but it was a pulp gig, this was about 10 years ago.
And it was a big outdoors show in a park in London.
And Eddie Izzard came up to my group of friends
and asked if any of us had a light for a cigarette.
And someone was stumbling around in that pocket
and one of us said, hey, Eddie, how's it going?
You know, recognizing him.
And he was really friendly, but he also
did one of his sort of improvise rants about how
cigarettes are great so he did a whole thing about like the solace's and unsolicited
absolutely and it was nice because obviously it's very funny and we were
all big fans but at the same time it was just like eddie you don't have to be
on that's very charming but
so that was kind of great we got our own private show telling you that breeder
guy
whether it's robin williams
eddie is there
billy connally
where it's just like
You're normal.
Shut it off.
Shut it off.
It was an off-light, it was an off-light, but he had to still go into it.
I guess dudes like that are thinking, like, I don't want these people to walk away and
say I'm not funny.
Yeah, that must be the fear.
I don't want them to tell other people, it wasn't really funny.
Yeah.
It's just normal.
What's the other one, Samir?
All right, so I was on the underground in London again and I thought, go ahead.
I did what it sounds like.
This might be a bit obscure, but I saw the singer from the band Primal Scream, Bobby Gillespie.
And I'm a massive, massive, massive fan of Primal Scream.
But the guy was fast asleep with his fly undone, drooling him out in the middle of the afternoon,
and that made me like his record slightly less.
Samir, tonight's call, 9 of 10.
Well done.
Well done.
Have a good night.
FM you're on the air. Hey Thomas John junk. How are you John? Good. How are you? Let's
hear it. Okay. I was having kind of a fancy dinner with some family members at a fancy
hotel in Hollywood and the whole time I'm there I'm thinking this is kind of place where
it's celebrities but whole dinner goes by. I don't see anyone famous. I kind of go to
get my car. I'm a little bit downtrodden and then suddenly before me appears John Stamos
with uh... a black guy
and he's uh... talking to some guy about
how he got his black eye and he looked at me a look for a good
two seconds like yeah i know
i got a black eye
uh...
well that's a really good one
that's a good one
well that's it
top-notch
fm you you're on the air
it's reandy from tonal bridge
hey randy how are you
what do you got for me
uh... worst
uh...
what's the name randy from the redwoods
yeah yeah i know that guy
uh... it was last week at uh...
home depot
you saw you saw him at home depot
i did it kind of jerk
really
why why was he a jerk
well he was mad at me because i couldn't decide if i wanted semi-gloss or
a map finish
uh... not followed was why does that impact him
or you he runs the paint department no i didn't know that
the guy who plays randy the redwoods works at the in the paint department
the Home Depot yeah I thought we'd hit it off because they had the same name
mm-hmm it didn't do anything he was mad okay best one yeah Madonna really yeah
where did you see Madonna it was a club uh-huh yeah we were dancing together
all night was great uh-huh you were dancing with Madonna oh yeah yeah and
what what was this way back in the 80s or something which before she was
famous oh no this would have been uh gosh eighty nine or ninety five wow that's
like it's the that's like it where the peak of her of her fame in a way what
yeah what club was it isn't what club was it
what's that Madison Square Garden so can I just ask Randy she was she by
has up on the stage.
You know, I think she might have been at some point, yeah.
Uh-huh.
Was it a Madonna concert?
The fine concert.
Did you buy a ticket to get into the building?
No.
No.
Okay.
Oh, no.
Did someone buy a ticket for you?
No.
Did everybody else there have tickets to get in?
Yes.
Okay.
And how did you get in without a ticket?
sucking in the garbage truck.
Okay.
Well, that's a great way, rather than buy a ticket.
I'm not going to pay for that.
That was expensive.
How long were you in the garbage truck for?
About a day.
Okay.
The whole day before the show.
So two days.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Great.
It was fun.
It was fun.
But you smelled like garbage, I'm sure.
Well, I got thrown out too.
okay
did you at least get to see the show before you got thrown out
one song
uh...
one song great thank you randy
good that's that's one of the but that i don't even know if that counts either
all thank you for
nope
you have a great night
and you're on the air
it's almost right from we harken
okay uh... what what what are you calling from uh... so i'm actually i'm going
from the time festival in hobo but i want to answer the topic tonight with
the best of the worst celebrity encounters where you got
uh... best liberty encounter would have to be
mac world around two thousand one two thousand two i'd bump into a man
known as sin bed in the comedy circuit
uh... worst encounter i was at a bar once and i got beaten you know that
gaming at a punch the punching bag and it
showed you how high you hit it how hard you hit it sure yeah
yeah i got beat by the uh... host of cash tab in that game
immediately destroyed my heart
great now that is great i'm gonna say
that that guy might have topped us out for the night
we just say first of all to everybody
paul f thompkins is uh... he he's a guy
he is a show called the paul thompkins and maybe you've seen him do stand up
you've seen him
for example
the place like that
but he is a show when i was in los angeles the the high point
of my entire
stay
was getting to see paul of thompkins do the paul of thompkins show
so good
well i appreciate that that's right now it's very kind of you say tom i would
like to be able to see it
i'm so glad i did to end
there's actually you actually have one coming up in a couple weeks don't you
i do august ninth
August 9th, and that said, the new Largo.
Largo at the Coronet Theater.
Yes, which is a very nice theater.
It's actually nice to see it in an actual theater.
People sit in the seat, they're not there clinking,
their glasses, they're worrying about
where their, you know, curly fries are.
Oh, I didn't order this, I didn't order this.
No, you're sitting there, you get a seat, you sit down,
and you watch a show, you can go drink somewhere else out.
One of the eight million places out there
that sell alcohol.
Once you walk to the door, you're done spending money.
It's a relief, I think.
You sit down and the lights go down.
That show was as funny as it gets.
I'm telling you.
It's very nice of you.
Thank you.
It killed me.
I was actually mad at how good it was.
You mentioned that.
Because it was almost like I say,
you see that there's another gear out there.
It's like how's that possible? I thought I saw there was to see
Now I saw this new thing that made me mad
It's making me nervous now feel that's how it's going to be when I see the neverman. I'm not going to get into
I'm gonna make fun of it
Never mind. I'll do it a show when you're not here
All fair what that refers to it's gonna be
Bill Moore movie.
The Religulus?
Yes.
Why?
You can talk about that when I'm here.
I don't know.
I know you're tight with him.
Yeah.
Well, you know, we don't agree on everything.
Yeah.
Bill.
You know.
So you, for example, you might be anti, uh, anti, um, uh, like, uh, demeaning of women,
for example.
I might be.
Yeah.
I might be.
Oh, wait. I'm that fair enough. You got 10 minutes. You sure you don't? I do. Oh, I'm sure. I do want to say this though.
While I was in Los Angeles, I find out my car got hit, right? The side of my car got caved in. Yeah.
In a parking lot. Not my car's fault. Just sitting there. Not hurting anybody. Some mutant hits it. Caves in the side of it. Hit and run leaves.
leaves a nasty note on the window, windshield. Unbelievable. Just one of the
things where you feel like your faith in humanity go out the window.
Like getting at the right to nasty note. That was taking it to a whole other level.
The note was insane. Yes. So I'm sitting two days ago, I get back. I'm driving
around with my lady friend. Again, I'm driving in her car which has one
little dent on the side also, coincidence there. I kid you Nachi, she is running an errand and I'm
sitting in the car just thinking about my car, just thinking about it, like stewing. And then a
car pulls up alongside me and a guy says, a guy leans out of the passenger side and says to me,
you want me to take that dent out of your car? Like the car I was in right then,
He's like we take dents out of cars, but not your car. This is the car
He was looking at my lady friends car
He says as I'm sitting there literally thinking about I'm so mad about the dent in my car
This car pulls up a guy goes. Yeah, I take dents out of cars
You want me to take that dent out?
And it was like a weird that was like, oh my god. What are the odds of this son? I said, yes
And then he pulled over him and his friend got out the guy the one guy looked like
like, uh, kind of like a, uh, perverted Santa Claus.
Sure.
And, they all of a sudden popped the trunk and, look, I felt a weird connection now.
Those are the odds, dent, dent, mad at dents, we take dents out, like a guardian angel fell
from the sky.
like a, like a, kind of like a drill starts going in, does the thing, puts a sting under
it.
Pop, pop, pop, pops the metal out, bonk, unbelievable, like these two angels sent these
two mediocre angels who did a barely passable job on the car.
These two guys driving around in a complete beater that I should have realized were not
master craftsmen and they did an okay job of popping this thing out.
Until the one guy goes, yeah, he got some little scuff marks here on the front.
I could take care of that.
I'll make it so it doesn't rust.
And without me, before I can even go, wait, wait, what's going on?
He pulls out a can of like a little spray can and goes, and now it just looks like every
other bombed out car that's on the road with like different color he discolored the car
a little bit with three discoloration over the rust spots fantastic and then the Santa
Clause the one guy was like a squirrely looking to look like yeah and the perverted Santa
Clause goes into the trunk of his bombed out car and he starts going he goes I'll get these
he sees like there's some like little scuffs on the side he's like I'll get these scuffs off
and he like has this cloth like a towel and he has this bottle underneath it
like behind it he's clearly shielding it from me like he thinks it's some he's
talking about this magic solvent that he's got I catch it I clearly saw it was
a bottle of nail polish remover just by the shape of it who shaped like every
other bottle of nail polish remover you've seen your entire life this kind of
shielding it like shielding me from the label of it no one must know my secret
And he's dabbing in he's wiping it and things are coming off and then he turns to me after he did he goes
You know what my secret?
solution is
My magic solution and if it's saying saying oh like, you know, I'm gonna give this guy his moment, right?
Pulls the cloth away. It's nail polish remover
And what did you and you acted surprised oh wow
And these guys, and then the one guy's like,
yeah, about like $150 for the $150 on me.
Said, look, but it was so funny.
I gave, I was like, look, I got $60 on me.
So I gave the guys like, how about 100?
I wanna buy something for the kid, the kid.
Like, not like, not my kid, the kid,
which makes a little off.
Yeah.
It's like, I said, look, I only got 60.
I'm giving you every cent I got on me.
I gave him the 60, and then he walked away back
and over to his bombed out car and drove off
onto the scary highway.
Now, I don't mean to be overly cynical,
but do you think that these guys go around denting cars
and then, you know, undenting them?
I don't think that idea would even cross the,
I don't even think these guys are up to that yet.
I think there's enough dented car.
These guys are probably grabbing a couple hundred bucks a day
if they just drive around all the time.
I'll take that out for 50 bucks.
I'll take that out for 70 bucks.
They just get in somewhat.
They just get people just like, fine, do it.
How many people do you think bite on that a day?
I bet you they get enough because they're saying,
I'll do it right now.
It'll take five minutes.
And it's almost like, you're curious, five minutes.
And this dent is going to be popped out.
Yeah.
FM, you're wrong.
James, would you believe it?
No, you did not get on the air, stupid.
Also, I didn't hear him.
Yeah, with James.
James, I just deleted it.
I didn't realize until he usually said that.
Paula, this is what James said, or Jeremy,
as his real name is.
Jeremy.
Jeremy, who, by the way, I will say,
was the saddest of sad sex.
It's like, please don't pick on me.
I'm having problems in my personal life.
And now all of a sudden I guess things
are going a little better, so he's all flushed with power.
Guy conducts himself like, what is he, like, Felix Unger?
When Felix Unger would get just the tiniest bit of clout
and then when it would go right to his head,
he'd mess things up again.
That's what James is like.
And he's got another thing in common with Felix Unger,
that thin hair.
the thing is Tony Randall was in his 70s. This guy's 22 years old. He's walking around
walking around the worst comb over I've ever seen. It's really that obvious, right? It's really
embarrassing. I'll show you a picture later. Okay. FMU, you're on the air. Hey, how's it going?
What's up? I got a short one, a short and sweet one. We don't have any guardian angels in the
story or any
that was just anything like that is this person uh... somebody famous that you
kidnapped
no unfortunately i would have had the foresight but uh...
i don't want to go on the street
and uh... like i don't know if i was
you have that voice you could work as a professional kidnapper
i want one million dollars and i have received i have your son
were you in ransom
no
okay
all you have to go ahead
do you want to do this or i don't want to do for you
uh... i have a
couple of library stories i don't want to give me one
give me one of the one-minute cuz evidence
you know if you want to do a show
micky harff from the grateful dead
i work at the more
if you're on the air
i think i'm a trip to the left angel how are you doing
doing it fast
i've got a good in a bad one good one
you sir i thought you last week that doesn't count
me
don't be so mad at me
don't be so much your big deal
but it is better than more
it is better than more than
it's probably not by much fm you you're on the air
fm you're on the air
hello
how do we go in
oh it's going to be leisurely pace there we're taking the scenic route
So I got one minute left.
What do you got?
OK, I have a story exactly about the dent thing, too.
Goodbye.
I got no time for that.
I can't play by the rules.
I come here to be a second place.
This is not a second place show.
Maybe a famous person hearing up the dentist's car.
Are you going to be, oh, I'm so sorry.
Sorry.
I will give you that drive.
Evan Funk Davey's very exciting.
He's got it.
He's got a very exciting show planned for you tonight.
Very exciting.
Who out there likes Rissan Roland Kirk?
Right?
You like Rissan?
I think that was three weeks ago's show.
Well, let me finish.
Please, you let me finish.
Because everybody knows how successful that show was
when he did his tribute to Rissan Roland Kirk.
Tonight, he's going to do the same tribute
to Nick Hayward from Haircut 100.
He's got all kinds of outtakes, rarities.
He's got the stuff from the first solo album,
alternate mix.
It's going to play in its entirety.
Good stuff.
You gave me a little.
He is phoning in.
Wow.
Nick Hayward's phoner.
Get ready for that.
Paul of Tomkins, thank you for coming by for this whirlwind
show tonight. Tom, thank you for having me. It's always my pleasure to be here.
It's always my pleasure to have you be here. You got me. I did get you. Now people know
that August 9th, 898, is that part of the advertising thing? 898? 898 if you were in
the Los Angeles area, you were a complete idiot. You are so stupid. I'm telling you
seriously. If you live in that area and you have the chance to see this Paul of
Tom can show and you don't then buy on you whatever that means she experience
insults that's on your head that's on your head if you let that one pass you
buy we certainly love to have friends of Tom come out and see the show yes now
a special guest anybody can name yet not yet oh secret and there are special
guests either one I saw had Tim Meadows at it and Rachel Harris that's true so
There's some quality people show up for this thing
Best show will be back next week
Get ready for that. We got an exciting show got a special guest coming in
It's gonna be a real thrilling. I can't announce who it is yet either. I've heard and I can't wait. Yeah
W F M U E Star, W X H D Mount Hope, World Wide on the World Wide Web at W F M U dot O R G
get ready for Evan Funk Davies and his Nick Hayward special tribute. He's also going to
have a played me something early was when Nick Hayward jammed with a Hawk Wind. They
actually did a version of Orgon Accumulator at a at a Glastonbury. Here it comes. Oh, that
we didn't even talk about that. That was the funniest thing that has ever happened.
in the history of the world. Hey Evan, can I have one more minute? Thanks. Real
quick. I go to the movies with Paul. We go to see this movie, Death Defying Acts
with a guy Pearson, Catherine Zeta-Jones, worst movie seen in a long time. Yes, my
girlfriend had suggested it. Who has a vlog by the way. Yes, she does. Worth
checking out. Lebanese looker. The Lebanese search Lebanese looker on the
Googling you'll find it. It's my so-called Hollywood life top-notch blog. So we're at this movie
It's so boring and then an hour in I've had enough and I take this bottle of water that I finished and
During the quietest part of the movie I dropped it on the floor and it made it rattled for 10 seconds
Because it was on a hard concrete floor
In this empty theater. Yeah, ten other people. Yeah, who are watching me because they have a friend who worked on it
Who did lighting for it?
That was maybe the funny thing I will ever be involved in is that moment. I have not laughed that hard before or since
Stay tuned here comes Evan