Hey everybody, this is Tom Sharpling, host of the best shown WFMU.
There's not the podcast that you might have been expecting.
You're probably sitting on the path train staring at your zoom, wondering where the usual
Mirth music in mayhem might have gone, and not here.
What's here instead is that you're listening to is very important, and it's very serious,
the WFMU fundraising marathon is coming up this Monday, February 25th, and it goes for
two weeks. And if you don't know anything about WFMU, that's basically how we make our
budget to keep the station as unique and independent as it is. We don't take any corporate underwriting
or government grants, no slimy stuff like that, and that gives us the freedom to be free
form and do the kind of shows that we want to do including the best shown WFMU. There's
nobody telling me what to say or what I can do or what guests to have on or how long a
bit should be and when it's time to stop. It's all up to me and that's the beauty of
WFMU and it's really something that should be supported especially if it's something
that you enjoy and listen to every week on the podcast. It's not cheap to do that for
for WFMU to provide the radio station
and all the electronics and the internet space
and all that stuff that sends you that podcast.
Nice and neat to your Zoom every week.
So you gotta support it.
You gotta step up to the plate.
And basically, this is what I want you to do.
If you're a fan of the best shown WFMU,
no, I'm not joking around now.
This is the time.
We gotta step up.
You need to support the show.
If you enjoy it all year long,
now's the time you need to step up
and pledge some money to keep WFMU up and running
and to show your support for the best show
in WFMU in particular.
So what I want you to do,
if you are a listener of the show,
the phone number, I want you to call it during the show.
Even if you listen on the podcast,
the show is on Tuesday night,
February 26th,
from eight to eleven p.m. Eastern Standard Time. I want you to call eight hundred nine
eight nine nine three six eight or pledge at wfmu.org during the show. This is a way
we can make a real push and we can let everybody know that you as a listener and a podcast
subscriber, you stand behind the best show on wfmu. I want anybody listening on this
podcast is put on the comments line. I support the podcast. It's a shot in the arm for everybody
to keep doing what they do there's a lot of people who work hard to make this
uh... podcast
available to you each and every week
so it's it's an important thing and you should step up
show your support
everybody who pledges uh... seventy five dollars or more is going to get uh...
the premium that we offer exclusively during the uh... best show on w f m
you
it is the uh...
the we did it again fun pack and in this year it is our best marathon premium yet
it's a t-shirt which is going to be awesome
uh... it is a sticker
which uh... is going to be great
it is it just saw the mock-up of it today
the crown jewel is the uh...
the poster
the design by brian michael weaver which you you will see online
if you go to uh...
friends at tom dot com or you go to w f m u dot org you can get a look at
the poster. It's really amazing and it's going to be beautiful and it's going to be
available only during the best show on WFMU Tuesday nights 8 to 11 p.m. Eastern Standard
Time. I don't care where you are. I want you to call and pledge. I want you to or do
it on the internet at wfmu.org Tuesday night 8 to 11 Eastern Standard Time Tuesday February
It is important for us to put a big frickin' stamp on this, excuse my French, and to step
up and to just say boom, I support the best show on WFMU, I'm gonna make those phones
ring.
There's nothing better than when all the phones are ringing and it really just shows
everybody that you support Freeform Radio and that you support the best show on WFMU
in particular that this is your kind of show
and that you stand behind it and you put your money where your mouth is and we
are putting our money where our mouth is
this premium is unbelievable
seventy five dollar pledge or more automatically gets it out for you
and also if you call in or pledge uh... you know call in on the uh... the eight
hundred nine eight nine
nine three six eight or go to w f m u dot o r g
during the show you will be eligible for the random prize drawings we will be
doing throughout the entire show so you'll be in the running for all those
prizes in addition to the seventy five dollar more pledge which automatically
locks down the we did it again fun pack
i am not joking people i am counting on you and i'm counting on all of you
if you're a uh... funny comedian who listens to the show
and you've been enjoying the podcast
you got a step up in pledge eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight
if you're a uh... rock and roll musician who listens and there are so many who
who listen
i can tell you the amount of emails
that i get from bands who listen to the show driving around uh... while on tour
you gotta give back on that this is this is not a one-way street
eight hundred nine eight nine three six eight w f m u dot o r g
february twenty six
eight p m
two eleven p m eastern standard time
i want to make
this first week marathon show
i want to make it record-setting
i've got a number in my head
i know we can beat it
if we all just kick in
and let's just really
kill this thing
you all contribute
it's gonna uh... we're gonna put it over the top we're gonna keep w f m u
going for another year
eight hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight or w f m u dot o r g
tuesday
february twenty six
between eight
and eleven p m
eastern standard time
we are going to make history
Let's do it.