S radio show ever Hey, who's this?
Well, I am by the sale of Governor Val Ben
Hi, it's, uh, Gerald Perlmutter
Tom Sharpling, Governor of Party
Hey Tom, it's Purple Turf
Hey Tom, it's Mark Michaels
This is Richard Clark, Richard Clark
What's your name?
Baring
And what's inside the tube?
The two fire cry Maurice Kurt Horrifying they Thomas Bruce Johnny who's this?
Ginger Vitis yes, they have Rick below the at the wall. I go to wood. I hate you. It's Peter. Hey, it's Steinberg
Mm-hmm. Do all creepy and I'm hanging up on you
Boing Roger double. My name is Ollie Fairnock. I'll say it. You'll hear it. You'll do it. I'll get it
You'll learn it. I'll live with it and you'll die without it master trash
Good day.
What's up, Tom? It's Tristan.
Hey, it's Michelle.
Yeah, Tom, this is Jim Riffle. How you doing?
When I get to do the toilet talk now.
The vaudeville of the New Century.
My name is Tom Riley. I'm calling from New Zealand.
Hey, man, it's Bryce.
Ted, don't stand with us. Ted Paul. It's a Ted Paul show.
Hey, this is Ted Lea.
Whaaaaaaaaaat?
This is Pete from the Future.
Hi, Tom. It's DJ Terry Chase.
Hey, from Knoxville.
Super caller.
It's off the top.
is Mike Sage Jack get off my phone I don't care this is it be pants man I'm
going to go to bed now I found a charm it's gorgeous how are you I was in a
bed and then in the early 90s my name is Jerry Page my name is Jeffrey
Ludell it's a fat disease wilder right now the disenfranchised have a home now
I'm the hero of the disenfranchised
music playing
music playing
When I'm here, when I'm here
A whole recession won't shut out of heart
It's okay, I'm in a real world
Welcome to the years, the college class
And if they feel there's a common man
It's just our own life
And in a child, here's what you think
It's new to them, I hope they're well
We don't care, we don't care
We want you to be our shadow
We don't care, we don't care
When I'm breathing birds, I blow money, I'm still free
Take a chance on me, I'm gonna do my very best, but it ain't no lie
If you put me to the test, let me let me try
Take a chance on me
Take a chance on me
We can go again, so we can go again
Sometimes we should get around
Sometimes we should get around
I'm afraid of a level difference
But I think you know
Let it get, let's go
If you change your mind
I'm the first thing done
Funny I'm still free
Take a chance on me
If you need me
Let me down
Will it be around
If you've been that tough
Please do not be feeling down
If you're all alone and afraid of her
Except for money I'm still free
Take a chance on me
Now that you are very sensitive, ain't no lie
Try to give me with me to the test
If you let me try
Take a chance on me
Take a chance on me
All you can take if I don't make up
I will know how to live
You and I can't share
But you don't wanna hurt me
Maybe I won't worry
I can't dominate you
Let me tell you now
My love is strong enough
To last for things to run
It's many
You say that I waste my time
But I can't give you hope of mine, oh I can't let go
Cause I love you so
If you change your mind
I'm the first thing in life
Honey, I'm still free
Take a chance on me
If you need me
Let me know that I'm here now
If you got your place to go, let me feel it now
If you're all that I love
I'm a pretty bird
So don't worry, I'm still free
Don't take a chance on me
Don't wanna do my very best
Baby can't you see
Gotta put me to jail
And kiss the chance on me
Don't take a chance on me
I'm above, above, above
I'm above, above, above
I'm still free
Don't take a chance on me
But I do not very best when we get you to see
You've got to put me to the test, because you can't solve me
Just thoughts like that
We can dance just before our plans
Do you know?
We can dance just before our plans
We can dance just before our plans
We want change
We want change
NBC
accessible
We want change
drop
Out
Detective
Charlie
Hey hurry
Don't fart
I wanna be dead stand on the kid up last
Right about the feeling, but I wanna have a stomach
I wanna be dead thing, I wanna be something
I wanna get over there, I wanna move up
I wanna move up, I wanna move up
I wanna move up, I wanna move up
Yeah, man.
Yeah...
It come fast soy.
Alright, put some air!
You know what is second on my platform?
rate?
So fast, show, double your weapon, blue, fast, show, double your weapon.
The best show, double your weapon
You, the best show
Don't stand up again
The best show, the best show
The best show, double your weapon
There isn't any debate
The best show, double your weapon
You, the best show, double your weapon
I showed up for you at the end
I found you
I found you at the end
I'm playing with the big boys, playing with the big boys, this is a sandlot, this is not
It's not Sandlot. It's not Sandlot.
What am I? What am I?
I'm in the Caron Park.
With Caron Park now.
Bigly.
Bigly.
Bigly. You can do it.
Bigly.
Everybody best showing WFMU back for another Tuesday night
night installment, the best shown WFMU.
My name is Tom Sharpling, I'm the host of tonight's installment.
The phone number, as we are in our special super secret studio, the phone number changes
Because it is 201, 536, 936, 8201, 536, 936, 8.
This is the best show gearing up our final show before the marathon begins.
The 2008 fund raising marathon.
in which we set about to raise monies to keep WFMU operable for another year.
We're going to talk more about that, got a lot riding on it this year people.
WFMU's got a lot riding on it, best shows got a lot riding on it.
It's go time, it's go time. I'm messing around anymore.
Tired of the shenanigans, tired of them.
up with this stuff anymore. I'm sick of it, Mike's sick of it. Mike's losing his
marbles. That's coming unglued, caught them going through my bag again. I'm not crazy
about that. I've got to talk to them after the show. Set my bag down, go in the other
room gotta go do my stretches before I pre-show stretches come through this
guy I see him rooting through my bag and he did one of those all like he
didn't think I was coming back in the room so fast and then he said he dropped
is wallet into my bag that is this call gonna be worth it super caller right to
the front of the line I love it the status of the super callers have
boarded membership has its privileges FM you you're on the air hello Tom hey
Hey, it's Dave from Knoxville, one of the three super callers.
Oh, wow, how did that happen?
You know how it happened?
Hard work and focus.
How did you work hard?
You made that happen.
Look, no one's going to say that you're, no one's going to say that you're just a,
you're not like a Peter Benchley kind of guy, a Bon Vivant.
You know what I mean?
maybe I should be hurt by that a little bit but no no you're hard working you
got a focus you got in there you're interesting but you're not saying
you're not coming from the you're not you're not coming from the from the with
this uh you're not like some McSweeney's dude right coming in with some obnoxious
pedigree
meeting status
exactly the only pedigree you've got his dog food pedigree
that's right
you feed your dog's pedigree
uh... no we we feed him uh...
dog child
dog share
arena
really
teacher salary
no no i'm not judging you know i feed my dog
human flesh
yes right you remember
i do remember and what does my dog drink
i don't remember that human blood
well of course they go together but what is she more interested in benefit
not so interested in uh...
not so interested in uh... the uh...
the human flesh
hey i can i share a cultural experience with you sure just give me one second
to let everybody know that we heard uh...
the john spencer blues explosion from their hot cd
jukebox explosion rockin mid-90s punkers which is their collection of all their
singles
they put out on the in the red label over the years we heard push some air
before that obba
song in the news that songs in the news
take a chance on me
from all but the album
and starting us off times new viking
from their smash album
which came out on the matter or label earlier this year
rip it off
good stuff from them we heard mean god
and we're joined uh... on the phone by uh...
they're from Knoxville super caller
somebody on the chat knew who their first song was so they're they're more
well-versed in music than me. Hey, for Christmas for my mom, I bought her tickets to a George
Jones concert. No show Jones? Yeah, it was last week. Did he show? He did show. Actually,
they made a big joke about that. They came out about 20 minutes before the show was supposed
to start and the guy, you know, played it up like a big announcement. Terrible news and
than it was
george in the building
but uh...
i want to share that there was a surreal moment i mean this is what passes for
culture
here in not small
and i you know i can listen to george jones so you're a lot of george
jones on fmu
there's certain shows it'll play george jones
that right and i have never heard you play
george jones why don't i don't play a whole lot of country
yeah i don't blame you i wouldn't do that either but
they did this song and it's
You know I can appreciate his voice and I enjoyed it for about half an hour before I got tired of it
but he had a video screen behind him and I know you think of George Jones as a vital sort of artist
that has cutting edge visuals behind the songy thing and he was doing some kind of ode to
it's just a classic things that go together you know the song is like you and me go together like
peanut butter and jelly or something like that
They start showing these images on screen and at first it's famous country couples like
June Carter and Johnny Cash.
There's a picture of George Jones with Tammy Winette, which is a little strange because
his current wife is there at the show with him, but they actually do an America flag waving
and then a mom holding an apple pie and so it goes like this for a while.
And then in the middle of it out of nowhere, in case anyone forgot what country they live
in.
Is that what that's for?
Yeah.
Right.
Just to remind you all, we're still in America.
We're watching this show on US soil.
There's a silhouette in a window.
You're in the camera inside looking at a guy and sun is streaming in.
And I'm looking at this and it seems familiar, you know, and it kind of pans back and then
And there's a cut to a long hallway, very high ceiling, and a very old building.
And it's Tom Hulse, as they told him, or no, as Mozart, running down the hallway.
And they cut back, and it's all yerry in the window at this country concert where they're
showing things like, you know, Dale Earnhardt and Dale Earnhardt Jr. is one of the pictures.
And Hank Williams Jr. stand in next to a statue of Hank Williams. And in the middle
of all of that, somebody is inserted Mozart and Salieri. So the whole thing just became
surreal for me at that point.
Yeah, that's just weird.
Yeah, so George Jones.
That's what happens around here.
You just picture someone on his production team
being like, yeah, let George do this.
Don't worry, they'll know who this is.
Mozart and Sol, yeah, they'll saw that movie.
And George Jones is like, I don't know.
And then that's my favorite movie.
After the show, him screaming at someone.
they have no idea who that is on that video screen
you know what i would have also pared up
i would have also pared up uh...
george jones and uh... and uh... a ticket refund window
uh... boy
you know in the middle of the concert he
he sold soda
he did step up yeah i mean between two songs without a break in the concert
They showed a picture of some kind of energy drink I've never heard of and he turned around
and looked at it and started saying, you know, when I gave up alcohol, I learned to drink
an exotic new drink.
Yeah.
It's cold, flake out.
Oh, water.
Yeah.
But over the years I've decided to branch out and I drink this energy drink.
Yeah.
It's cold.
It's for sale out at the booth.
Yeah, it's cold, flake out.
It was great.
for anyone who uh if you're like me you uh miss 85% of the shows you play so
when you're really gonna try to when you really got to work hard to miss a
show you uh you got to you got to try flake out it was great I encourage
anybody if he comes to your town go see him prepared stay for at least 30
minutes now you know what I also got to say about this guy the fact that now
Now he's turning this thing into a joke that he's wildly unprofessional.
Hey everybody, we have some bad news for you everybody tonight.
Just want to let y'all know that George is in the building.
Boom.
Boom.
When they just build into that kind of free jazz crescendo
Well, you have a terrific show tonight, Tom. Oh Dave, you know what?
I'm gonna have a terrific show because you started it off on the right food. Well, I hope Spike's next
We'll find out have a great week. Hey, yo, you have a great week as well, Dave
Let's go
Turn open phone Tuesday FM you you're on the air
What's that your phone broke? I heard I heard it though. Who is this? Is this who I think it is?
Time no talk. Yeah. Is there a spot in the room you can stand?
and let me take it outside here okay I'm getting ready to sound check okay can
you hear me okay now now I hear you much better okay well let me do I'll start
over again you don't know how you do and Tom you didn't have to start over but
you do and Tom you just did it the fourth time they're actually now now you
This is Marki Ramon. How are you doing? I'm doing okay of the Ramones
Yeah, the world-famous Ramones. How are you doing? I guess is the question. I'm doing good. I'm doing good
You I got some you know, I've been playing the whole time with my key Ramon the intro is
Marki Ramon the speedcangs, Marki Ramon band, and I got the Marki Ramon group now
The market Wow, that's a lot of a lot of groups. Oh same guys. Oh
So you just changed the name of it yeah, I can I can charge different prices for different bands like which band gets the
Most amount of money
Marky Ramon group because it's the newest okay. Yeah, so people will be excited like they'll think they're about to get something
Maybe a little new from you. Yeah, but they don't
They don't yeah, but you know what they're gonna be excited about and I know what you're really gonna be excited about what's that big news
What's the big news are you strapped in?
Yes, you got your helmet on. Yes, I do never gonna guess what it is. I'm gonna announce
Uh-huh. I think I have an idea. Okay. What do you think it is?
I just want to hear you say it though. I'm gonna write it down. Okay. I'm gonna write it down
And we'll see if it comes we'll see if it's what you you say it is
Okay, write down your predilection and then you'll tell me what it is after I say what it is
Okay, there we go. Let's see. Go ahead. The floor is yours, Mr. Ramon.
I want to announce that I'm putting out Markey Ramon Condom.
Well, I knew that I actually saw that online.
Oh, yeah? Did you see it at shovel.com?
Yes, that's actually where I saw it.
Yeah. It's pretty exciting news that Markey Ramon Condom's too tough to break,
break which is kind of a play on the album title too tough to die yeah
were you but
which by the way i didn't play on yeah i was gonna say i didn't think that was
richy remone was on that one right
and i was richy too many jazz bills
too many jazz films i thought that one was one of the more driving albums
yeah i'm just talking about had i've been playing it you know you would have
heard the you know that
the eighth notes on the high had a lot clearer than what he was doing
Mm-hmm. Not to snag them off enough and yeah, yeah
But you kind of are
No, I'm not I'm just it's a critique all drummers are able to critique one another. Is that like the drummer's code or something?
I absolutely like I'll give you
card blanch to
To critique my drumming right now. Well, I'm not really a drummer
What do you think of my drumming? I think it's it does the job
right the best you got the best you can do no it's solid your drumming has always been
solid and and really holds down the holds down the the the the beat and keeps it very
on time on time and is it I guess it really just it delivers does the job you didn't say
nothing about the eighth notes on the high hat how fast they are well again I'm not a
drummer, so that stuff that stuff goes over my head. Okay. Hey, well, question for you,
what what did you think I was going to I was going to announce? Well, I thought and I guess
it's maybe a little silly that I thought you were going to there's a election going on in the town
I live in. Oh, yeah, what town is that? It's it's a small town. I doubt you've even heard of it.
And what's it called?
New Bridge, New Jersey.
Oh, you know, I think I played there a couple of years ago with the intruders.
Was that it the palladium?
No, actually, yes, it was the palladium, no, it wasn't even the palladium, it was supposed
to be the colosseum, the bridge colosseum, and then it got moved down to the palladium,
and then it got moved down to that place called Buzzies.
Yeah, that's right.
Yeah, so you played buzzies downstairs.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah.
So did you get moved a third?
Were you supposed to play buzzies proper?
Yeah.
And then they moved you to buzzies downstairs.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's...
You don't got to rub it in enough.
No, no, I'm not rubbing it in.
I know a few people have played buzzies downstairs.
That's a pretty good town, though, I gotta say.
What, uh...
I'm kind of intrigued about this election.
selection yeah people are running for for mayor here and it's a it's a pretty
hotly contested race hey well you know what what's that
I'm gonna throw my leather jacket into the ring what yeah I'm gonna run for mayor
you're just rich but you're deciding right now absolutely maybe I'll get
department there something. Really? Yeah, I think I could really help that
town. That's the town that has that big sinkhole, right? Yes, and it's getting
bigger. Wasn't this something where they filled it with like colored stones or
something? Yes, and it did not do the trick. They're trying to turn it into a
tourist attraction and it really didn't work. And there was actually talk of
of kind of redoing the area with kind of rides around it.
Oh, I love that. You know what they could do?
What's that?
Maki Ramon's Thun Park.
Like an amusement park?
Yeah, yeah.
Not a Ramon's theme park, which is already on the fringe side of things,
but a Maki Ramon theme park.
do you want that
mock your money intruders park
adjusted just for mark your money intruders
yeah and then i guess that you know it because it would be so successful we
do them for the other fans too
that we have a mock your mama steve king's park
mock your moan band park but when you
when all
but when you say park
so you're
you're what that
all
yet now i know how you said i'm trying to
Disregard how you actually pronounce park. Okay. Yeah
But when you say excuse me, I yeah
There's something in my throat
Sorry about that. That's okay, you know you take and they're going to be coming out in the car for a month. What's that?
Rocky Ramon throat lozenges
Throat lozenges. Yeah
Now what what
Why would anyone back a throat lozenge that your name is on?
Why is that any sort of mark of credibility or anything?
Well, because I'm always known for my clear voice and, you know, that's part of my thing.
You know, you do mocky Ramon's throat lozenges.
You have the crystal clear voice of mocky Ramon.
But are you how much singing do you do? None. Why? So how are you renowned for
this this clear voice? I speak in voice like right now you probably had to adjust
your levels because I'm so clear right? Not really. No. No. So look that's neither
here nor there. Throat laws and just I guess we can look forward to seeing
those soon enough
oh absolutely yeah
but uh...
well i'm going to run now
now what what
on what ground would you run on what what would be your platform
probably be uh... the the gabba gabba hey platform
hmm
guess what i think is
but that's what we say when we come when i come up to get my speeches gets
what the audience says
gabba gabba hey
How'd you know that?
Because it's like you're in my mind.
Well, you said it was the name of the party, so...
Oh.
It's not that hard to put that together.
Guess what else they say when they're waiting for me to come out?
What?
The audience, guess what else they've thought, chanting. You'll never get it, ever.
Um...
You'll never, ever get it.
Lobotomy?
No, I knew you'd never get it.
What is it?
A-ho, let's go. I knew you wouldn't get it because you're so stupid.
Oh, wow, okay.
Well, my first thing that I'm going to do when I got elected to Mayor Newbridge.
What?
Kill you.
I thought we got along. Why are you mad at me now?
Because you're stupid. I'm going to play eighth notes on your head.
And then I'm going to wrap you up in with this custom made leather jacket.
And then I'm going to do a bunch of rolls all over you with the sticks.
Really hard with my mock.
Your own signature sticks from Pro Mock.
Well, what are those sticks?
Are those 5B?
5B, you got to be kidding me.
No.
What are they?
2B.
2B, okay.
Which how what what is the difference between a 5b and a 2b in terms of thickness the 2b's have yet
Got it more manly, you know, you get more um from you from your playing from those eight notes on the hi-hat
Mm-hmm. Yeah, I would have thought that you might have gone for a lighter stick
Why's that because you're you're because you're playing so fast. Oh, I thought you was gonna say something about my age
No, okay, you're just digging it deeper and deeper I know I'm gonna play harder and harder and harder
You just and you just misinterpreted the insult. I didn't make an insult at all. Oh, you you submitted to insult me
No, you
Man you took it the wrong way
Completely had nothing to do with what I was actually saying and you're processing it as an insult and it's not
Well, you got to process this, okay?
What?
What am I going to do to you?
Look out, okay?
Get ready. Are you ready?
Yeah, I'm ready.
Coming.
You're going to get murdered.
Okay, wow. Didn't hear from that guy for a long time and now he's mad at me. What did
I do to deserve that? The same thing you did to deserve this.
If you change your mind, I'm the first in line, Honey, I'm still free,
Take a chance on me, if you need me, let me know, I'm gonna be around,
If you got your place to go when you treat them down,
If you're all alone, when a pretty bird sets up long, Honey, I'm still free,
Take a chance on me
I'm gonna do my very best
But I need your life
If you put me to the test
Let me let me try
Take a chance on me
That's all I can spend with one
Take a chance on me
We can go again
So, we can go again
Sometimes we can go again
Some piece of music, maybe just a little bit
You know that you know that you know that
There's so much that I wanna do
When I dream of a lonely you, it's me
You want me to leave you there
I'm afraid of a love of faith
I think you know
Like it, let's go
If you change your mind
On the first line
Funny I'm still free
Take a chance on me
If you need me
Let me know
I'm gonna be around
Give me that tone
A place to go
When you're feeling down
If you're all alone
When the free hurts
And steps on
Funny I'm still free
Take a chance on me
Now that you are very best to make your life
Truth you put me to the test if you let me try
Take a chance on me
Take a chance on me
All you can take a time later
I will know how to live
So I'm gonna get a chance
You don't wanna hurt me, maybe I'm wrong, yeah
I ain't gonna hurt you, yeah
Let me tell you now, my love is strong enough
To last for things to run, it's magic
You say that I waste my time, but I can't get you off my mind
Oh, I can't let go
But I love you so
If you change your mind, on the first single line
I'll be able to breathe, take a chance on me
If you need me, let me know that I'll be your friend
If you got your place to go, let me feel it down
If you're all that I love, and the pretty birds
I'll go, I'll be able to breathe, take a chance on me
But if you are very best, let me get you a seat
Better put me to the test, but you can't solve me
Better put me to the test, but you can't solve me
That's the currency
W-w-w-w-w hop I'll hum you
I'll hum you
That's free
You can chat with me
When I do my alle
You live inseed
influence
You lives in preemptive
Try not seeing the body
Oh
That's when I forget to
It's 4 a.m. I check my email
I'm thinking not to fall asleep
So I write you back and count the days
And tell me to burn
The first thing that I do
It's no mile to run you
I never let go
I call you from my hotel room, I'm sitting on a hall floor, I know that we are so, so, so tired by home, I'm just a spy
You only call me when you're told
I can tell it by your own
It's the only time that you open up to me
You turn me that you love me
The first thing that I do
Is no one else around me
I never let go
I'm 30,000 feet long, dying to the death of life
I took an ambient, and you can't give me in my dreams
You were bedding blue line, learning right and right on me
No place was slow, slow slow
So brand you have to trust my heart to see
The first thing that I'll show you
Is your mind around you
And never let go
And never let go
Never let go
Never let go
Let's go
all right back that's right sorry about that daddy had to uh daddy had to talk uh
grown-up talk so he put on a record that he's doing grown-up talk that's how it goes down
just heard from a dengue fever tiger phone card from their hot album called
Venus on Earth on the M80 label and the song that is making headlines in the
news take a chance on me played that time why because Tomer didn't like it the
first time. So we went back to the well again. That's for you,
Tomert. John McCain, Badaba. Getting all bent out of shape. Who
rejected who with that? Did he say he's not going to use it or
They don't want him using his dad's that his saw their song as a theme
Who turned who down on that?
Oh, he didn't take it because of licensing problems
they're gonna break them. I'm gonna break the bank. You know what I say to that? Good
for them. Are we supposed to give a politician a discount? Politicians. I will
say I did like the Roger Clemens hearings last week. I thought they were
justly needed and it was important that America aim its focus on figuring out
whether a 47-year-old baseball player who is built like a built like one of the
where the wild things are.
looks like he was turning into the hulk like a uh...
Caucasian hulk
roger clamons
great guy
i thought it was very important for the uh... politics to uh...
focus on such a uh...
such an important
issue that affects so many people
Oh boy.
I dread this one.
See the line flashing.
Good one, Mike.
Could be.
That's not.
Could be.
Sounds like Mike's washing his hands of it.
Could be.
So you do not, you don't sign off on this call.
Okay, but we are still going to have the the buzzer ready because the 32nd rule is in effect
All right, let's check it out FM you you're on the air Tom. How are you? I'm doing all right
Who's this? This is Steve in North Hollywood. Steve in North Hollywood. Yes, sir. What's going on in North Hollywood tonight?
It's actually really cold and rainy tonight. So for once I have the time to just stay inside and listen to the show
streaming online. Whoa, whoa, whoa, you got to be inside. What was your job before? What are you a street performer?
No, sir, but it's usually like Tuesday is my only night of the week off
So I'm usually out just running crazy errands and doing classes and stuff like that
You're not a what you're not roller-blading on the Adventist Beach. I refrain from that as often as possible. Okay
Dennis is way too far from here. All right, Mike. Let me through because I got a an idea for best show
slogan for 2008 if you're not if you're not married to one yet. I would love to hear it. What is it?
Plays into what I think might be your favorite movie these days. I'm not entirely sure but check it out best show
No, 2008, there will be gomps.
There will be gomps.
Yes, sir.
You want to know what?
That's really good.
Thank you.
There will be gomps.
I'm writing that down.
Cool.
Serious.
I appreciate that.
We do it in the same lettering, right?
Sure, yeah.
Right.
The kind of Bible leather background.
Exactly.
There will be gomps.
But I do vote for Tom V. Everybody, too.
I do think that's a great one.
vote for which one
i still vote for that but i my candidate is there will be gone
if it gets knocked out of the race the primaries come around and tom v
everybody versus you know whatever else yeah i'll vote for tom v everybody you
want to know it was coming down to what that i was uh... you know initially
tom versus everybody
or tom v everybody seems like it wasn't getting any traction
people thought it was too negative
so then there was a general shift
we were sliding over
to us versus them, you know, but the way I say it, we moved from Star Wars to Star Trek.
Yeah, I get to.
You know what I mean?
A little bit of the individual, which is Star Wars versus everyone's together as a society.
And then you know what the problem is though, with that?
What's that?
Us versus them?
I'm sitting here.
Who's us?
Right.
what uh... what uh... us uh... james
right he also received them
i hear you
julie and since an adi is that is she also them
because it's like that you know i don't know is on my side i don't know if
mike's on my side half the time
yeah he let's fight through you let's spike yeah came through thank you spike
uh... is he all those death threats what are they about is spike us or a
spike them i don't know
uh... you know i don't
i don't hate spike but i mean i don't
i don't want to be considered an us with spike
yeah you also notice with spike
but suddenly the marathon comes around and spike uh...
spike goes the way of the uh... dodo bird
all of a sudden when it's time to to uh... get some pledges from people
although the pledge marathon
it starts next week young man
well that's cool i'm a very short-term listener my brother's been into the show
and he's been trying to get me into it me
he finally managed to be like just start doing it so i'm on my
my fourth week of listening to help i'm telling you young men you
dare i say is this the first time you called
first time i've ever called
and what's your name again
in north holly leave
writing this down you know why
why that there
because we gave out rookie of the year
whoa for two thousand seven
i did hear the award show that was excellent
and you know it all say look i can guarantee anything
but all you're doing right now you're showing yourself
you're showing yourself to
to it to it to it to be maybe maybe not
you showed me something
so i'm going to say you showed me something
you didn't uh... stammer and stutter i heard eddie's first call
did you hear that
i don't know if i ever heard eddie's first call well eddie is not as a rookie of
the year for two thousand seven
Okay, and then people dug up his actual first call. Where is that? I gotta find that. Oh, okay
Like this guy was uh
This guy this guy's a pro now calls up picks the spots. He's always funny
But then his first call was like I remember
Okay, he was pretty nervous that first time. You know what you've already shown. I don't hear any of that in your voice
Well, thank you. You're fearless. You got a you got a fearless streaky. You got you're like a Sam Cassell
I will look you admit
I'm pretty nervous cuz I I don't want to get gomped but in a way like if this ends amicably go ahead and gomp me just for fun
Because there will be gomps guys got the right attitude. Thank you Tom Sharply. Yeah, and you're the exactly Mike
Just said sell sacrificing. You're ready to job. You're ready to throw yourself on the grenade
You know what it's worth it for the best show. Look at this
Yes.
Where's this attitude?
This is the attitude everybody should have.
Yeah, you know, there's bigger things out there than just each one of us alone.
And best show is one of those things.
Exactly.
Man.
I don't believe it.
Where have you been?
Where have you been, Steve?
In North Hollywood, man.
We don't get you on the radio out here, so I had to, you know, I had to hunt around
and then my brother, my brother's John from Harrisburg who you talked to once last summer,
to oddly enough his show is still on the like the four shows that are on
ipads you know
his show is still on there which was funny because he's like yeah you got
to start listening and then there's his call and i'm like wow that's excellent
uh... but yet he's finally just like
here's a bunch of these clips
just check out how funny it is and i was like that did not know i'm hooked
steven
yes there
top shelf
top shelf call
thank you tell me and you know what else happened now
you just got mike off the hook
whoa you just bought mike three bad calls
you bought like a larry the perv
oh no i don't i miss larry the perv
did you call in tonight he did not
but when he calls when he calls you just bought mike
one of those
well cool
hey at time
how's it going there
as a going there
sounds like markey remone actually
that is that how larry the perv talk
now i don't know i don't know uh... larry the perfect of you you actually uh...
you have a lot to learn young up had one
yeah i've i've missed a lot of show but you know i'm trying to catch up my
brother
he keeps me posted on all clips and stuff i'm just learning about like to me
bond trimble and filly boy roy
but i tell you
i'm still hooked and i'm i'm i'm i'm hungry for more
steven
your champ your champ
thank you sir
If I had to give Rookie of the Year out today, you'd get it.
A long journey ahead of us.
Well, yeah, you know, that's fine, and you know what?
I'm this.
I can take it.
Very good.
You have a good night.
I'm going to stick with it, Tom.
Thanks a lot.
Look at that.
So far, Rookie of the Year, contestants are who?
Steven in North Hollywood and Julie from Cincinnati.
Keyboard's loud in this room.
Oh, by the way, thank you, Sarah, for reminding me.
that article saying that this show is like the jerky boys for the indie snob
sect what
look guy that wrote it nice guy consider him a friend jerky boys though
really the jerky boys the jerky boys that's like I can't I can't even think
expound on it the jerk the jerky boys I wrap you in the head with a ratchet the
jerky boys the jerky boys can't even I can't even stop saying it still
digesting it I wrote this a week ago I still can't get past it I'm so which
Which led me, obviously, to the Jerky Boy's website today, which I'm going to go to right
now.
And it pretty much should be called the Jerky Boy, because I think the other guy got shuttled.
Come all.
And you can buy on this website, just so you know, if you're interested, you go to the
merchandise section of the website. Jerky Shop. You can buy autographed photos of
the characters, like these horrible illustrations of the characters, and you
can buy one of them as the guy with the pipe or something, with the ratchet. The
The other one is the anti-Semitic bit that the guy does, and then the other one is some
disco person.
I don't even know what that is.
Your most favorite, hilarious, and horrific Jerky Boys characters autographed on ultra-glossy
8x10 photo paper with any personalized greeting of your choice, signed by Jerky Boys creator
Johnny Brent.
What is he?
Walt Disney?
There's a picture of him, too. There's a picture of him with his creations like it like his headshot
You can get that sign either either you can get one of these jerky boys illustration signs for $25
plus
465 for us
Postal service priority shipping. This guy's not even gonna eat the postage on that won't even round up to 25 postage paid
Guys making you foot the bill for postage to the scent
And then, prefer something a little bit more intimate that hilarious drawings can provide.
And 8 by 10 of Johnny B himself is now available for the same price, $24.95.
And there's this picture, this guy in an office that looks like he's gonna, he was snuck into
somebody's office.
He's got his character like there's little the little characters are all surrounding him just the way Walt Disney would have
Would have the
the the
The dwarves surround not the dwarves not the band the dwarves
Well that would be something if it was a Walt Disney and he who cannot be named
But it was but it would be Walt Disney and the seven dwarves and all his creations him and Mickey Mouse standing there
It's this guy in an office. It looks like, uh, looks like he's one of those Spanish prisoner offices
that uh
Literally can be be gone. No trace of that office existing in uh
Within uh, within two hours if they got word
All right, the jig is up pack up the office where we got to we got to wrap it up. We're going to get busted
This office could be shut down in 90 minutes this picture of him
in this office. Nice modern office, too, by the way. The computer monitor. This is all over at the
jerkyboys.com in the merchandise section. This picture of him with his cool leather jacket.
And the monitor that looks like it's from 1996 in the corner. And is that a rack of cassettes in
background so I can get in on I wonder if I can get an autograph from this guy
literally and have him write something so insulting about himself like what is
the line with this guy for that 24 95 what if I had him right I Johnny Brennan
and the least talented man alive Johnny Brent and signing it
Johnny B
Jerky boys compare me to the jerky boys
What am I bothering? I'm not bothering people at home. This shows here. This show brings joy to people
This is not us torturing some poor slob working in a garage
Guys trying to just put food on the table make ends meet
You got this this derelict sitting there with his
Pranking people
Johnny B a monster
I hope he gets pranked one day like when he's got uh when he's got uh
When he's got like some uh, he's trying to try to take care of some some tax business or something like maybe he's getting audited
He's waiting for a call back from his accountant
little sentence like uh
Yeah, hey, what's going on there?
Yeah, I'm, uh, hey, I'm busy here. I'm trying to do that.
Ah, yeah.
Is this my accountant? Yeah, it's your accountant.
Just waste his time.
This guy.
Guys hanging on by a thread.
Jerky boys.
This guy would do anything, literally.
If I wrote him and said, I want you to come to a party where we're going to shoot paintballs at you, how much?
He would work a figure out.
He would literally come up with a figure.
If I wrote Johnny Brennan, the jerky boys was like, hey, we want to go this same where we hit you with the Fungo bats, as you go down a gauntlet of horror is what we call it.
call it and at the end you get you get sprayed by a fire hose which launches you
20 feet into a stack of bricks. How much? You'd come back with a number. Can't do
it for less than 850, as big as talent, as big as talent's pranking people. What's the
equivalent of this guy? First, let me first in a chat, comment section, first. That can
be the modern day equivalent of prank phone calling first first can we tell
Alan Arkin does the movie for first first the movie follow up with his great
track record of jerky boys I'm working in the mob here what do you mean what do
me in this guy's first in the chat. This guy's first on the message board again.
Jerky boy, and boys too. This guy looks like he's 60. He gets called himself a boy.
WFMU East Orange WXHD Mount Hope World Wide on the World Wide Web at WFMU dot O-R-G.
This is the best show on WFMU and just so you know again, the fundraising marathon coming
up next week for two weeks the best show will be raising money for WFMU and I'm not
kidding, I am not kidding.
ones for all the marbles I'm telling you all of the marbles we need if you are
a listener of this show you got to step it up you got to contribute the marathon
premium that I'm putting together this year I'm telling you this is the best
one yet t-shirt sticker and what else the secret surprise it's right it's that
Brian Palmer poster having those printed up wait till you see this thing
holy moly I'm putting my money where my mouth is on this stuff you people got
a rise to the occasion I'm counting on you I'm counting on you we can do this
compare me to the jerky boys
this show I like that guy wrote the article too
no problem with him miss the boat on that comparison though
come on Jonah you're better than that
that was not him you mean the one who saw the ultimate meltdown
that night hey guys wants to come up and do a story on the show
Yeah, come on by. Yeah, come on by this night.
40 minutes into the show, I'm covered in a sheet of sweat.
Trying to figure out what to do with a cooler, with a dead fish in it.
Terrified.
I think I'm going to get shot in the parking lot.
I'm ready for violence. I was ready for violence.
Weaver, sorry. I said it again. It's not Brian Palmer, it's Brian Weaver.
I'm so sorry Brian. Jouster on top of that. Fact checker. Guy's on it. Brian Michael Weaver.
Wait till you see that poster. It's beautiful.
Guy comes down to write an article. He's watching me. He's watching me. It's like
to watch me have a meltdown. It was like a face in the crowd. Me and my laugh track machine.
FMU, you're on the air. Hey, what's up, Tom? This is Martin and Edison. Martin and Edison.
How are you tonight, young man? I'm doing good. How are you? Doing all right? Yeah.
I had an idea maybe we can get Johnny be in the studio for the marathon and we can
They raise a lot of money just by doing like humiliating things to him
Yeah, I wouldn't even want to be near that guy
Get that guy up here
Yeah, cuz then how would you get him to leave? Yeah, I got you know that guy's like there's a trend of guys like that the kid from Brooklyn
That mutant I don't know who that is go to the kid from Brooklyn calm
He's this guy, he's like, he's like 750 pounds, uh-huh, 750 pound blob who, um,
is, it seems like he's got a first grade education, but it doesn't stop him, and look, I don't have
a good education either, but I put the work in, I go, I go, I read books, I read things, I try to
get smarter. This guy's content being stupid, the kid from Brooklyn, it's like one of those guys like,
uh...
isn't opinion on everything he's going to tell you and he's just he's he's a
foul-mouthed blob
did you just have a blog or they have some show or something he does these
video uh... blogs and now he charges for them
oh brother yeah because uh... the world needed that
and they can't wait to pay for that
who's signing up and paying for that guys
like premium membership
as he created that much of a buzz
i think i think he probably there were the reality of that situation is
probably uh...
as as probably a hit home now where he's like
we got to expand them
expand the bandwidth here
we got to spend that we got to spend money to make money and he probably went
spent a ton of money
started charging
everyone left the site because
everyone's is so
uh...
fickle online they only wanted if it's for free
thing oh my god the kid from brooklyn he's so popular yeah as long as you're
not paying for it no one wants to pay a penny for that level of entertainment
yeah no one wants nothing to do with him after he charges for it how much did we
charge fifteen dollars a month or twenty five dollars a month oh I just pulled
up that site that oh my god yeah you're not even a kid oh no right when you said
kid I imagine just need him to be like you know maybe early 20 oh no no all
All these guys, the jerky boys, the kid from Brooklyn, the kid from Brooklyn, he's getting
crushed under the weight of that hat.
The kid from Brooklyn, the voice of the people.
Yeah.
The voice of the people.
I actually saw a thing where this guy, the kid from Brooklyn was arguing with some guy,
some guy from Boston who was doing the same thing that he was doing.
And they said this rude monster wrote a book.
Now, I don't have a book yet.
Slob has a book out wait if it has the big man doing a book signing yeah and the
name of his book is something I'm not even gonna even try to it's got a four
letter word in the title what kind of monster book what's a book it's like a
magazine it's like a man it's like a magazine with the binding on it
guy. He, I saw him arguing with some guy, like the guy from Boston who's like, if it's
not better, and this guy looks like Edison now, like some sort of pioneer. He's got
people ripping him off. Like this guy now is a trailblazer. Wow. A guy in Queens? Ugh.
They're popping up all over. It's time. It's time to stop the internet. It's time. What
What is the guy from Queens' name?
I think it's the...
The Slob?
I think it's my good point.
What do you know?
Is the URL?
I can't remember.
He's very good on the right papers that are raised.
No, these guys.
He does the same thing.
He's just mad at everything.
Yeah.
Just mad at everything.
The book signing.
This guy's going to be at a book signing March 20th.
I got to go to that book signing.
Maybe you should, the kid from Jersey.
It's in Edgewater.
Can't wait till they wheel this monster into the book signing.
Hey, I tried to get on your show for the marathon, but it was booked.
Was booked?
Yeah, so I signed up for another show.
Did you shoot me an email?
Yeah.
You shoot me an email.
Alright, cool.
I might need some extra help.
Sounds good.
And you seem like a nice young man.
Oh, thanks, Dom.
I said I would bring a pretzel.
I might need some non-phone room help.
OK.
You up for the challenge?
You bet.
You'll do whatever it takes?
You know it.
You'll go pay what if I told you?
You had to go pick up the kid from Brooklyn
and bring him here.
You have a dump truck?
Good one.
The kid from Brooklyn, that book.
I don't have a book yet.
This guy's got a, this guy's had a published author.
Wow.
The kid from bro, well, what am I waiting for?
What is the book about?
Oh, it's his rants.
All right.
You can get that anywhere.
Yeah, I'm not going to say what the name of the book is,
but the first word should explain it.
It's go and it's so you know what it's going to be.
Yeah.
All new stories and rants.
he even admitted all the stories and rants and <E.D.>
he says
or we did you do the cover of this book
he's in like uh...
yeah uh... uh... the t-shirt right like uh... like uh... wife beater
this
that dumb hat
yeah that exactly
that hat knows glasses
looks like uh... uh... it looks like uh...
looks like if uh... john lennon started melting
with those glasses on
that hat
rather
this guy
he's the big man and he's got a lot to say
unedited
unapologetic unbelievably funny
my karate yolo started a sensation with his take no prisoner video rants
on his wildly popular website
the kid from brooklyn dot com
now the voice of the people the voice of the people
who elected this guy the voice of the people
no someone reading this book like laughing out loud
anyone who's interested in this book probably can't read
sky
that's driving me nuts
can't look at it anymore
yeah i gotta get off this too
thank you martin alright don't do it
fm you you're on the air
it's on it's not even green point
matthew from green point how are you
i'm good how are you
doing okay
I was just looking at the kids from Brooklyn's website.
Yeah.
Um, kids.
Do you ever consider calling him?
What I can say?
No, because he probably wants money.
He wants money for everything.
And like, do the, uh, can you do pre-thing and see if you would, like, get 1.2 million
to talk about Queens or something?
Oh no, that guy would do anything.
This is another guy.
If I literally told him, if I literally told him we wanted to, uh, push him out of an
airplane with a parachute that might or might not work he would do it for the
right price yeah talent if people want to know yeah this is what the this is
what you get uh this is what you get without the writers people want to know
what happens without the writers is what you get the rise of the kid from
Brooklyn um Tom I was wondering if I could possibly be a part of your of your
marathon thing as well just like opening a floodgate of just it might be it might
be you email me I do have something that I'm doing that's more than just
phone room stuff so shoot me an email their Matthew okay well wait do you see
this poster t-shirt sticker poster tell my god that's the trifecta if I did the
poster alone that's enough hope how big is the upholster oh it's big 16 by 24
real size poster glossy little glossy really yes shiny
oh would you see the sticker is it bumper sticker little wall sticker the wall
sticker yes and then the t-shirt t-shirt alone sticker alone poster alone all
All three of them would be enough, one of them.
But you know what?
All three you get.
We're going to get into that later.
Thank you, Matthew.
Thank you, Tom.
Let's put a topic on the table.
all right, topic. Here it goes. You ever have something where you, uh, where you think
you think you know it? You don't like it? But then all of a sudden you realize that
no it was you. You were wrong. And suddenly, boom, it makes sense. For example, like the
Comic book. It's not a comic book. It's a graphic novel
Called Sandman
Tried reading it once
Non-starter couldn't get it couldn't get off the ground
Didn't like it I mean a little bit
But then, years later, it took me years to get to the point where people were saying,
oh read it, stop, you're wrong, but you know what?
I knew I wasn't wrong, I knew I was right, I knew it stunk, but you know what?
It didn't stink, I was wrong.
which made me say cue the topic now I get it you know what now I'm throwing this topic
out I'm doing a topic you know when people just get you so mad and you can't stand them
and then we're going to say who do you want of those people who do you want to put on
a giant catapult that launches them into the middle of the ocean. Who belongs on the catapult?
201. 536. No, that's not the topic. The topic is actually, I'm giving you a patch of quicksand
to trick your enemy to step into. Who do you want to step into the quicksand? 201. 536.
9368. Now that's not the topic either. You are afforded a Willy Wonka type any
of Willy Wonka's torture devices and they were torture devices by the way. You can
push someone into the chocolate river, you shrink them down, trap them in the TV,
you can let the squirrels rip the flesh from their face, any of them. Who do you
want to use a Willy Wonka torture device on to what actually
no that's not the topic you can take I'm kidding these are not
the topics we're going positive tonight talk about the things
where you thought you knew what it was and you didn't you were
wrong you learned you grew and it made you go now I get it and
It can be anything. It could be a lesson you were supposed to learn.
Exactly, get turned into a blueberry.
Willy Wonka torture device, 201, 536, 9368.
Willy Wonka.
I got some problems.
First of all, how do you get that, how did that stuff clear inspections?
Got those umpa lumbas in, were they wearing gloves?
We've got squirrels running around the place, right there.
We'd shut the place down.
You can't have squirrels running around a candy factory.
FM you're on the air. Hello, Tom. Hello, who's this? This is Julie from Cincinnati. Oh, hey,
how are you? Oh, I'm just super. How are you? I'm doing okay. Um, hey, you just said something
about Sandman? Yes. You know what? I just read this book and it was like a life
changing doesn't leave my brain book and my friend was like oh you should read
Sandman and so I did read the first book. Yeah. All I want to say is it's not that
bad but it doesn't stick in my brain. Like death in the family. Well what was
What was the book that you read?
That's in the family.
And who's that by?
The kid from Brooklyn?
I call him Aggie, but my other friend who's married to my friend who said, read these other comic books.
Called him Aggie.
What is it?
James A.G.?
Yeah, it was that book and they were like comparing it to the Sandman because I was
like, I want to find something else that's good to read and that's what they told me
to read.
And it was good but it wasn't that good.
Alright, so I guess I'm wrong.
No, it was good.
Go on Sam wrong.
I got it.
I don't say you're wrong.
You're perfect.
Oh, you're sweet to say that.
But what was your other topic the torture device with Willy Wonka not doing that topic?
Oh <E.D.> cuz I throw my comrade into one of those your comrade
Yeah, you know like I work with them comrade comrade. What are you a commie? Get off my phone. There's America
We support everything here, what are you Castro?
step down Castro yes it is it's it's like an episode of Keith
old Berman countdown you know what I want to do I want to do I watch these
Keith old Berman rants right when he does one of those things where he goes on
a tear I gotta start doing that if I start doing that during the show what
What can I do? What can I get mad about? Let me go to CNN.com. CNN.com. Let's see what's
in the news.
What was Obama's wife's comment?
What was Obama's wife's comment?
Oh, that's right, but I got to do one of these mccain these these bush rants that that Keith
Alberman does. What did Bush do wrong today? Anyone? Where's Bush? You know, I can just
do one of these from memory. I think how Keith Alberman would do it. I could start doing
that. I gotta find my niche. That's the problem. The show don't have no niche. I'm not like
kid from brook kid from brooklyn this dolt figured out a niche it's terrible
but it's a niche he's got it locked down this guy I'm stuck here doing this
thing it's everything to everybody can't pay and who knows what this thing
supposed to be kid from brooklyn figured it out so if I go where is a bush yeah
with a bush thing or if you like let me find something about Bush George Bush
you go to George Bush dot com George maybe he'll have some maybe just give a
blog George Bush.com here we go let's see what I don't like this site weird
stuffed animals weird elephant stuffed animal who'd give that to a kid this
This thing looks weird at jordbush.com, weird monster.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, this is Nate from St. Paul.
Who is it?
Nate from St. Paul.
Nate from St. Paul, how are you tonight?
I'm not too shabby, how are you doing?
Doing okay.
All right, I got a call for the topic.
Let's hear it.
And the topic being, now I get it.
Yes, in this case, I was wrong about Daft Punk.
Daft Punk, you didn't get it.
Well, the thing is I got it like the first time around when they released their first album.
Like, hey, cool, this is, you know, crazy French robot disco funk.
And then I, like, four years later when Discovery came out,
and I don't even remember why I started to dislike it,
but I just, you know, kind of fell out with that kind of music,
and then I, you know, I got a couple of recommendations from some friends,
Which I ignored and then I just ran across one of the songs on the radio and turned out
I liked it. So simple as that and now you get it now. I get it
So now I want you to say daft punk now. I get it
Now I get it. There you go. Yeah, I'm not crazy about that read, but we'll take it. What do you kneel hamburger?
daft punk
Oh, I got him!
Neil Hamburger figured it out.
He's got a niche.
I need a niche.
This guy's got these books.
He drives me up the wall.
Kid from Brooklyn, go.
Kid lays his head down on it.
Kid from Brooklyn lays his fat head down on his pillow,
knowing that he's an author.
This guy, got the guy from,
I got Pamela Anderson has multiple books.
Paris Hilton has books.
Everybody's got books.
I got to do on the air.
I wonder if I could do it in a week.
Like if next week I came in and said,
hey everybody, you can go pick my book up
over like some crummy e-press thing.
I'm gonna be a service, if you can transcribe the radio.
Yeah, I should get something to just transcribe the show.
So that's what the kid from Brooklyn's doing.
Let me try one of these Keith Olberman things.
Somebody just sent me a thing.
Bush elated at warmth of welcome in Tanzania.
The first full day of the state visit by US President George W. Bush was clouded by
By tight security, boob, boob, boob, I'm bored already.
Gotta find a statement that he said.
And build it off that.
But if I'd start doing these rants,
I could just transcribe those.
Like Dennis Miller, this guy's got 10 books out.
No one likes the guy.
He's got books, he's got 10 books out.
George Carlin, could you imagine reading
one of those George Carlin books?
It's Observations.
FMU, you're on the air.
Oh, hi, hello, this is Lisa.
Lisa, where are you calling from?
I'm calling from Brooklyn.
What part of Brooklyn?
Bed-Stuy.
How are things in Bed-Stuy?
Good, peaceful.
Is that where the kid from Brooklyn's from?
I don't think so.
You ever see a guy in a rascal rolling around town?
That looks like he ate the garch.
That's how big that guy is.
I see him from fat guys.
Yeah, the kid from Brooklyn.
The blob from Brooklyn.
Brooklyn.
Brooklyn is like, no, no, you don't got to say you're from here.
Yeah, that embarrasses me a little.
As well it should.
I know.
Um, wait, let me tell you what I didn't think was cool and then I thought it was cool.
That's why I'll follow.
Let's hear it.
Morrissey.
Morrissey.
You didn't like it?
No, I thought he sucked.
Because he's really boring and whiny, you know?
Wait, Morrissey?
It's a guy from the Smiths.
You thought it was whiny?
Yeah, Morrissey in the Smiths.
No, the singer from the Smiths.
You thought he was whiny?
Yeah, yeah.
I thought he was depressed and annoying.
Really?
Is that really so surprising?
What were you basing that on?
Is lyrics and his singing?
Yeah, you know, like he's droning all the time. I eat crooning. Yes
But then I um, I got my heart broken and I was like, oh, yeah
Life does suck. You're right. I mean, it's not that bad, but no, it doesn't then I got it and I was you're right
I'm sorry. This is a positive show
Like you're right. We'll see did it help you heal
Yeah, I guess so, right. I don't know
I mean, I'm fearful now. Hi.
I like it. You sound happy now. Are you going to pledge next week?
Um, yeah, sure. No, probably won't.
Get off my phone. Probably won't. Done with you.
What's her name again? Lisa? Ten-year band. Ten-year band.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, Tom, it's me, FOT.
Maniac FOT calling all the way from Maine. That's right. No, did the state that you live and play into the phrase maniac
It does. Yes
Now are you a maniac you love Maine? I I mean I live here now
I I it was sort of the realization of a lifelong green move up here and here. I am so Western Maine
I live on the edge of Western Maine. I can see Western Maine
on the high point of my drive home.
Really?
Yeah, so that's like, we're talking
level and farm and food and places like that.
I can see it from here.
It's sort of the gateway to Western Main.
Let me just say, 201, 536-9368.
The topic is, now I get it.
Yes.
So, maniac FOT tell me,
Do you have something to contribute?
I do.
I do.
It's a...
And now I get a moment.
Let's see.
It goes back aways and it involves the show Get a Life.
Uh-huh.
The first few times I saw it, um, to be fair, probably like the first one and a half times,
two times I saw it, I totally didn't get Chris Elliot's humor.
And I just thought it was the dumbest thing I'd ever seen.
I didn't realize that it was intentionally stupid.
And evidently I was too thick myself to really appreciate what he was doing.
And then and then it sort of dawned on me what was going on on the show and loved it ever since.
It clicked for you, suddenly.
Yeah, yeah, but it took me a little while to sort of to figure out what was going on.
So say it
Now I get it
No, get a life. No get alive it
Yeah
Put it all together get a life
Now I get it. There we go. Thanks, maniac FOT and are you gonna pledge next week? I?
Sure am yeah, you know, can I can I throw out two other suggestions for slogan sure?
Well, I gotta say first off Tom against everything was great
I also thought that the rookie tonight with the Whoopi Gomps
Was awesome, too. Yes
So I mean if you went with either of those I think you made the right choice just two other thoughts
When you have such a strong name for the show at the best show. Yeah
You could go two other ways one is if you if you just call if your slogan becomes the best show
So it's the best show Colin the best show
or
The best show no slogan needed
You mean it's that good that we don't even need a slogan exactly you know what I gotta say it's too cocky
I gotta earn it. I gotta earn it. I'm here for the fight
Well, all right, but myself I think you have heard this. Oh, that's the first sign of that's that's when you start to lose
Get complacent though
Although I would ask you this you think anybody has a better slogan than
Then either that ain't been come up with so far
I mean, if there any slogan out there that you think really is you expire to having something that good there will be gomps
Speak so no by far that guy
That guy stepped up tonight big time. He totally nailed it
What I'm saying is is there anything any slogan for something other than the best show that you think is worth aspiring to hmm?
I don't know because I mean I'm not I'm not trying to curry favor something
I think that I think there will be gomps is awesome. I just have a heart
I'm thinking of at least when we're coming to something that you would
compete against we're getting close though I think what I think we're
starting to list is getting tighter now yeah I mean I it's as much as I like
my affinity idea last I think Erica pointed out that it's it's tough to
describe the infinity symbol that sort of sideways eight you know to render that
in spoken form yes see it and you need a tagline or a slogan that is going to
work equally well whether it's spoken or viewed that is true so thank you
I'll let you go if I'm you you're on the air hi yes yeah I have one for the topic
okay what do you name Brooklyn by the way Eric from Brooklyn yeah what part of
Brooklyn Bushwick nice neighborhood sure yeah so exercise and eaten eaten
well. Exercise and eating well. That should be the slogan? No, no. For the topic. Oh,
I'm sorry. You're right. You're right. So those are the things that you didn't get
it first. Yeah, yeah. For like my team, you know, I would eat like burgers all the time
and you know, never did anything. Watch TV all the time. Started picking up some weight.
then and people would say hey exercise and eating well is is beneficial very
much so and you would say I would like make fun of like exercise shows on TV
and stuff and when did it hit you though when did it hit you probably about like
22 I started getting quite a quite a gut you realize you got to shape up or
ship out right
I would have said it at that point
now I get it but then I took it to heart
I'm not the slimmest guy but you know I took it to heart
Do you want me to say it?
Exercise you need right now I get it
There you go, thank you Eric, are you going to pledge next week?
I will pledge next week
thank you two oh one five three six nine three six eight is a number here on the
best show on WFM you guys talking about hamburgers and made me think of you know
you get these you know what people you know there's veggie dogs and veggie
burgers out there and like like alternatives that are meatless and you get
those people who still cannot wrap their head around well if you're gonna eat a
hamburger you're gonna eat a veggie burger why don't you just eat a hamburger
apparently you're okay with the idea of a burger as people honestly make that
argument and don't let it go you're gonna eat a hot dog like what it what are you
You're supposed to, if you don't want to eat meat, you're supposed to eat a pile of
slop.
That's your only option.
Teddy Rockstar said, Teddy Rockstar said, you know, you get into that, then you like
apparently, you, they're all the same, it's all garbage.
Whether it's a hamburger or a veggie burger, still not, that's still not an optimum eating.
Cookbook?
Cookbook.
Mike wants to know if I can do the cookbook.
No.
Yeah.
Like the sopranos cookbooks.
Pranos cookbooks. I've got to go read something. These are some of Artie
buco's recipes. Really? Well, newsflash. Artie buco doesn't exist. He's fake.
So these people, apparently you get a hot dog. You like eating a hot dog. It's
still bad for you, so you just like eating animals. At a point. You're just
choosing to eat animals then you make that argument
that's what teddy rock star says
fm you run the air
hey coms listen to listen to calling all the way from california
that's right what angle is showbiz
how are you doing tonight
i'm doing well how are you doing
i'm doing all right
what's great uh...
actually in regards the topic
uh...
i was gonna say uh...
pledging to
fm u actually pledging to radio station in general because i pledge before
even uh... could hear fm u on a regular basis but uh...
i remember the first time i did it afterwards listening to the the shows
that i supported
you know had that much more weight and i and when i was trying to convince
people
i felt that i i was on much stronger footing you know i could say
i think this is so important i gave these people money yes
and that was even before it was anything like it you know it was a tax break
or or even about the swag it was just like
i felt that was a part i was lending support and that when i went to
profletize i could always say
you know i'm not i'm not good
you know just jabbering here i can give these people money it's it's important
it's that important
oh yeah
uh... this is this is this is uh... it's a time to join it's time for you to put
your money where your mouth is with this marathon. I'm putting my money where my mouth
is. I'm going broke on these posters. You should see what I'm paying to get these things
made. I can't wait to see them. I'm sure they're I'm sure they're astounding. And I will put
it put mine up in the office when I get it. I'm telling you. Yeah. People better step
up. I stop here every week and I'm not going to start now because I got I got six hours
ahead of me to yell and scream yeah well i just wanted to say because that
was that was one of the first real things that you know growing up in a
house watching public television and listening to public radio and always
with the marathons and even before that you know remember when they used to have
auctions yes on the air for like public radio stations they'd like wheel out of
bike and they're like and our latest bid is fifty dollars for this beautiful new
swin and
it all goes to support the station and
that's the other
public radio
why am i not on public radio
i hear some of these things i hear uh... wait wait don't tell me
did you hear that show
i i actually
not only
uh... i i i won carl castle voice on my answering machine you were on that
yeah
what probably
six eight years ago now
but the the the show basically it's like an an egghead game show
oh yeah absolutely like up
people on a panel like uh...
but
but like old school like uh... like uh... when they used to do it on the on
television
and it was all
you know you know it was pitched like what was that
marvellous game we played at Bennett surf's house the other night yes
and then they just put it on t.v. and it's like hey it's up to our egghead thing
showing off our
how many uh...
columns we read this week
tell me i could do that
You could do that, you know, I'm actually surprised that there's not some sort of a
game show on FMU.
I think it could be, I think it could be awesome.
Maybe this show will transform into a game show, transmute into a game show.
Transmogrify.
Yeah, that would be, you know, I think it would be great, you know, I think that FMU's audience
is diverse enough that you get a really interesting crowd.
a call it hold on now wait a minute
hey hold up there
yeah hey i don't you know i like a hey hold up there
that's what i'm going to call
hey hey all right there
all right you you
that that's a just a little collaboration we just did
so i got a couple of suggestions for the uh...
for the slogan as well let's hear
uh... in in keeping with that sort of uh... highlander
live you know going last week yes
the best show
there can be only one
i don't know how did that not get thought of yet
i i don't know i can i can't figure out
the best show
the top of your life
i like the first one better
all right then you know what my suggestion is
the best show i hate the wire
hates the wire so much
i haven't i haven't even started the wire that's one eight that i'm sort of
saving it's the best show on television you know he told me something happens
on this week's episode
that is so shocking
i also heard by the way
actually about the finale of the wire
do you know who directed the final episode mike
george romero
yes
and uh...
No, so all next season is gonna be about zombies. This is what happens. Oh yeah. Hey, there's the undead city council roaming
Yes, exactly. There's a windstorm which knocks down some some electrical wires, which fall on a graveyard
Graveyard which is just all the all the criminals all the bad people buried there
Everybody who got whacked in the first five seasons. Yeah, and the comeback on the on the
Yes, what happens when the dead criminals come back to life?
Then I would watch
Yeah, George Romero George Romero couldn't direct anything that doesn't have a zombie in it
So what's a zombie doing this thing? Well, no, you're we're not a zombie movie George. What?
the rate of family so when the zombie attack
well george no exactly it's a romantic comedy
these two people uh... find each other on craigslist
okay solo zombie puts an ad on craigslist and then what happens
no george no zombies in this thing
what does it do then
uh... him him remaking uh... movie bro remake uh...
uh... has a blanket with zombies
They're trying to escape, but the zombies are coming after them
Yeah, it's to have and have not but there's zombies
Zombie I got with zombies enough. I was talking to us talking to Omar today. Mm-hmm. You know what he said? I
Don't agree with them
It was even though I'm gonna I'm ready to say it those George Romero zombie movie stink
Neither the living dead is they all well and good for a movie from 90 years ago
brown of the dawn of the dead with its satire no man you got to understand
you got to understand man those zombies are just like you they're just like
middle America man they're just going back to the mall
there's a zombie they're living what's the difference between a human and a
zombie you know who's a zombie anyone who goes to see one of this guy's movies
now is a zombie yeah that's a zombie anyway oh new George Romero movie I'll go
see it you're a zombie off my phone wait why'd I hang up on him why did I do
that yeah someone had to pay the price I'm so sorry listen or take I guess a
good guy George Romero movies zombies so boring no you gotta understand you
don't understand the satire zombies FM you go on the air this is Mary from St.
Paul. Mary from St. Paul. How are you tonight? I'm good. I'm your second
caller from St. Paul. Yes tonight. The St. Paul community is a buzz. Yes. Best
show fever. I'll just sitting at home. Are you gonna pledge next week? Yes. Thank
you. I promise. I know you will. You'll come through for me. You won't let me
down. Not at all. And I'm telling you, I'm stacking these marathon shows. These
are gonna be the most exciting shows you ever heard. I know. We're excited. We
Great. Yes. I was looking for the topic. Let's hear it. My thing is dogs. Like why
people have dogs. Because for the longest time I didn't understand why
people had dogs. I had a cat as a cat person and dogs just seemed like a ridiculous amount
of work. And then I moved in with my boyfriend and his dog and now I love the dog. Of course
you fell under the spell you realize dogs are awesome now I come home and
there's someone excited to see me whether or not anyone's actually home
exactly there's a lovely dog is the cat care now no he had doesn't really care
I like cats she cares that she has enough food yeah selfish he can't tell
that's why she's yelling at you or for some other reason not dogmo dog was there
for me. I'll come home tonight. Dogmo will greet me with my slippers. Yes. Literally.
Happy head. Dogmo, I've trained Dogmo will greet me with my slippers and a copy of
Entertainment Weekly. Well my dog just destroys my slippers though. Your dog
destroys the slippers? Yeah. She doesn't greet me with them. She just ties
drips them apart. And I also think she thinks they're cats and she wants to kill
them. I also attached a dining tray to Dogmo like a harness that goes around
and Dogma will bring my food in the room.
Can you get your beer out of the fridge?
First of all, Dogma was a lady.
Oh. Thank you.
I see.
Secondly, I'm not going to have alcohol around my dog.
Why not?
I want my dog to drink it.
I know, I know she's not going to drink it.
And that's on me.
What would you ever have to do your dog bring you slippers or a beer?
The dog brings me slippers and my entertainment weekly.
Oh.
You still reading that?
Yes, I am.
Oh.
Okay.
Sorry.
Okay.
What should I be reading?
The whole thing?
Well, I figured you'd have something else to read after you finish your entertainment weekly.
That's true.
So, I think you probably could have read it in the time we've been talking.
That's true.
So the long mike is asked what's the longest it's taking me to read an issue of entertainment weekly 22 minutes. Wow.
That's a big week. I might have that might be with a phone call in there. I might have I might have made a phone call.
Awesome.
22 minutes.
That's pretty long time.
Oh, what's the fastest now I know I've read issues in five minutes and then just
how it goes letters page 20 seconds the opening part of the magazine news and
notes. One 90 seconds. I'm gonna round up say we're at the two minute mark now.
Blast through. Obituaries in court. 15 seconds. They even give you pictures to
look at to see if you're interested in any of those people. Like oh there's a
picture of Amy Winehouse. Let me read more, I like her. But I'm looking at the
thing, I see a picture of Michael Douglas. I don't care about him. Next, opening
article, boring. If it's somebody bad, second article, somebody bad, sometimes
they'll pull up all women's. I'm already at the the the hot list or whatever it
is scan it and you can look at the pictures on that to see they have a little pictures
of each thing. Oh okay Harry Potter oh wait you guys are recommending this new Harry Potter
movie hmm let me write this down Harry Potter Harry so his first name is Harry going out
on a limb they're recommending Harry Potter right so get that now we're at the three minute
Mark I got two minutes movie reviews look at the report card rating don't even need to read him DVD reviews
Look at the report card rating blast through TV show reviews. Look at the report card rating
Music report card writing books and their book. Oh their book review section
I remember when I started reading entertainment week. I was like hmm
I wonder what they're gonna wonder how they're gonna rate this new Elmore Leonard book, and I didn't realize they don't review things
that heady. It's a little too highbrow for them. I'm more
Leonard. Well too highbrow. So but the only thing they review is
kind of like a thing that's already based on a movie or
something. You're like, you know, that report card reviews, take
it, read the back page, rip my name off the front of the
magazine because I subscribed and I don't want somebody
tracking me down and killing me. Throw the magazine out, in and
out in five minutes. It took me longer to talk about it than they're doing. When the
marathon's over. When the marathon's over I'm bringing an issue of entertainment
weekly and I'm going to read it in real time on the air. The only thing faster
than that is the Sunday post. Do they still make the Sunday post? I used to get
that. That was the thing I could write. You could actually, that was the fastest
read in history. The fast reader, you think that's what my book could be about? I don't
know. It sounds boring. Thanks, Mike. You're trying for me though, Mike's saying my niche
that I'm looking for might be the fast reader or I review periodicals.
No, thank you for calling madam. You're awesome. If I'm you, you're on the air. Hey Tom. Hey
Hey, this is a forest in Manhattan
Hey, how are you tonight forest? I'm pretty good. How are you doing? Okay. Hey, guess what? You know the
You you are a New Jersey hater. Yes, not at all. Not at all. I'm a New Jersey lover
the uh... the uh...
the champion of the super ball who who's the who is the all-time hero of new york
sports now
uh...
i'm not a big football fan but i think it's the e-line manning yeah yeah
will you with those that uh...
that's not exactly inside thing
you like manning everybody's and everybody's face
where's he live
and i'm going to get he live in new jersey he lives in hobo can
Hoboken's a very nice town. So this guys got Jersey pride
Guys got Jersey pride
We did it again
Cloverfield
Sopranos
Super Bowl
Super Bowl champ lives in New Jersey
Well Tom, I'm hoping I can uh
Let's hope that you can say you did it again and it being a successful phone call
Well, here's hoping. I was wondering if I could uh, are you gonna pledge next week?
What's that? Are you gonna pledge next week?
Absolutely the only question is how much yes, that is the only question
You know what I say to
to
to I
I I hope that you will be satisfied with my pledge too much here week. I mean too much
Yes, it's probably what I will play good good
So let's hear your contribution tonight forest
Well, I was wondering if I could perhaps start off by pitching my slogan
I don't know if you saw it on the message board, but I'm a big believer in it, and I wanted to pitch it on the air
let's hear it well in the spirit of starting things off positive top of the
show to start it off you wanted the best show you got the best show I did like
that one yes I like that one a lot now I realize it's like it's a parody or
satire but oh it's fine it's like this though it's like I like it well good
Thanks. I will move on to the topic though. Now I get it for me is the website chunklet.com.
Okay. Because when I originally did this website, I felt like, well, the crux of it is everything sucks.
And it's very easy to go to that website and it will make you mad, something you like.
They'll just say, it sucks.
And then I realized after a while that the joke is on me, that that's sort of what the website is all about.
You go on it and then there's an article that's like,
uh... you'll have to go
so you immediately comment you're like what what are you talking about and
then
it makes you go
and go back and go back to see
all the responses
to your outrage
clearly is what they've set out to do in the first place so i think
chunklet dot com is something that i now get
uh... so you're uh... you're up to speed on the on the uh... their approach
now which eluded you at one point
i think so
uh... that's good because you know if i think uh... i think they like music
otherwise they couldn't actually do that
how could you actually do that if you didn't like music
well of course
where Henry couldn't actually hate music and
spend that much time and energy on it
And it makes perfect sense now.
You'd be sick. You'd be sick if he was.
I think I, if you have,
caught on to Henry's sensibilities
and I've become a bigger and bigger fan of them
as I've gone along.
You want to know what that is a good one?
Well, thank you, Tom.
Thank you, Forrest.
Bye now.
Hmm.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi, Tom.
Hi, who's this?
This is Lori.
Hi.
How are you tonight Laurie? I'm all right you
Doing okay
Just okay
More than okay. Yeah
Doing all right
Okay, let's step up from okay. So, how are you doing tonight? I guess I'm doing all right as well good
Okay
So I have a thing that I didn't get it first, but now I do
you. And you totally make fun of me for it. Buying property? What? Buying property?
No. No. Bear or bonds? Nothing like that, okay? What is it? Um, girl talk. What's girl
talk? You're in a girl talk. You know girl talk. What do you mean? Honestly, I'm not
I'm not sure what you're talking about.
The guy who did The Night Ripper, he smashed up all those songs and stuff, and there's
that laughy-taffy song that he put in with the other song and all that stuff, and he
takes off his shirt and stuff.
I have no idea what that is.
He has no idea what I'm talking about.
I think that might be something I am going to have to say.
Now I get it.
I think I might be not paying attention to that for some reason.
Okay, well, um, I wasn't sure about it first, none of my brother. He came home for Christmas vacation.
Put it in the sea player, made me listen to it. I was like, okay, sort of worrying to it. Then
I saw him live a couple of weeks ago, and I was like, okay, now I got it. Now you're on board?
it was a lot of fun isn't it nice when stuff works out that way good things
waiting for you yeah it is really a lot of fun and I thought Alan coming in the
audience it was kind of weird that's very exciting celebrity sighting yeah did
you get his autograph no did you summon him over did you rent him for the hour
and have him perform at your house? No. You didn't? No.
Todie, Todie, I want Alan coming to come over our house and do a scene from the
anniversary party. Okay. Oh Laurie, nobody's better than Laurie.
I mean, but that was not a good movie. It was a really bad movie.
Nobody's better than Laurie, right? Were you excited to be nominated for
caller of the year
uh... yeah it's a pretty exciting moment uh...
you played in my heart
i thought you were the winner and i met i miss read it
i'm sorry i've been on mistake
did you feel that you feel that elation from all your name was read
and then uh... yeah for like ten seconds i'm sorry and then you crash down my
dreams you knock them down
use fault that was
uh... mike
No, not Mike's. What do you think? Mike didn't control that.
Okay, here's Paul with it.
Dave, former call screener.
I'm really giggly tonight. I'm sorry.
You know what I noticed was that Dave, I was going, first of all, I just mailed out 200
friends of Tom stickers and whatnot to people who wrote for them.
So those people will be getting those in the mail in the next couple of days.
so and people fill out the form they write what i like about the show what i
don't like about the show you know somebody said
recently mike's gonna love this one
it was one that somebody filled out about a month ago they said uh...
i don't like
former call screener dave calling up
uh... it is a sort of rivalry going on now
by him. Is Dave going to start running for mayor? Well, Mike is. I wonder if Dave, what
if that's how they have to say, what if Dave ran for mayor? I can't make anyone run for
mayor. But I guess it's within his rights. I don't know if he's a citizen of New Bridge.
Sure. Okay. Are you going to pledge next week? I already pledge, but I'll probably do another
pledge during your show yes you will I know you will I guess I have to thank you
Laurie okay have a great set well thank you
my dear on WF MU East Orange WXHD Mount Hope worldwide on the world wide web at
WF MU dot ORG last show before the WF MU marathon two weeks it's gonna be very
very exciting. All kinds of stuff planned, getting it very ramping it up here, figuring
out some some guests, come up some surprises, make it worth everybody's while it's going
to go down, it's going to be so much fun. But it's up to you to step up and pledge the
the way we need you to. The other day I went into a wall wall, that's right. I was with
my nephew and he wanted a sandwich. So I went up to the counter and wall wall has this thing
where you punch in your order on a computer screen and it prints out a little piece of
paper and then they make the sandwich behind the counter. So I start punch, I see there's
no one at the counter, so I'm like alright well they'll make this sandwich next. My nephew's
very hungry. Go up, punch in the order. Then all of a sudden eight people drift over with
pieces of slips in their hand, like with the or their order slips, so there's like a six
seven eight people ahead of me and I'm just like oh boy this is gonna take
forever. So then I'm like you know what to my nephew we'll eat we'll eat in a
little bit. Let's get out of here. He begrudgingly agrees so I go to the
counter and I tell the guy at the check out counter I'm like you know I I think
I'm gonna pass on this sandwich they're not gonna make this for another 10
minutes. Guys like well you got to go tell them so I'm like all right I'll go
tell them trying to get the attention of somebody behind the counter the sandwich
makers finally I get this ladies attention and I just go yeah I just I'm
number 85 here and I see you're only up to number 80 I'm gonna and I'm kind of
in a rush so I'm gonna and then she just gets so offended instantly she goes
sir we're making these sandwiches in order as if I'm like trying to jump the
sandwich line like what am I Mr. important now these other people put their
orders in ahead of me but I'm in a rush make mine now I said now I'm trying to
just I'm saying I don't want it I took it I threw it on the counter giving me
lip, the sandwiches you made a face at me. You really think I'm going to go into the
wall wall like I think I'm Donald Trump? I'm not like the rest of these slobs. Yeah, I'm
going to just skip the line here. Make my sandwich now. And dare you. And also I want
say congratulations this is this is a moment this show is a you know it's a
very important to me next week I will go into more detail about how important it
is over the next couple weeks telling you why you should pledge WFM you we'll
talk about that and why you got a pledge during the best show it's all about
competition though I know this is the best the reason why it's called the best
show because it is the best show young man just entered the radio fold today my
friend H man started his radio show at his college station you know I think it's
80 H man you're a nice guy you just stepped into the into the ring now now
you're an enemy sorry H man I know you're 18 yeah it's you versus me now and I
will do whatever it takes to bring you down anybody gets behind the mic it's
on that goes for every one of these lousy podcasts I try to give him another
shot I'll listen to these podcast ones worse than the next you pledge you pledge
for the best right here is the best FM you're on the air
hi Tom hi who's this this is super collar Erica from Baltimore how are you
tonight good how are you I'm doing okay how's the how's the
stopping smoking going it's all right it still sucks yeah it's hard but you
know how long has it been fine well it's been about six weeks since I quit and
And I've had about three cigarettes in that time at like various times, but overall pretty
good.
So.
Are you fighting the urge though?
Do you have, is it a daily thing where you're just like, I want to, I want to sing
it out so badly.
At night, like when I'm sitting on my couch is like the worst.
Yeah.
And now I'm trying not to eat so much because I put on like 10 pounds, so I'm trying to
like curb that.
Well, you know what you, you know what you got to think of?
This is what you picture, why you used to smoke on the couch at the end of the night.
Just picture your house or apartment?
Apartment.
Picture your apartment on fire because you fell asleep with a lit cigarette.
Right?
I know.
Picture of the horror.
I know.
There are a lot of things to picture.
I'm sure of paying 525 for a pack of cigarettes.
You know, there's a lot of things to picture.
Or you could picture the flaming apartment.
One of the images might be a little more effective.
I'm not going to say whether you being trapped inside a flaming apartment of your own doing
is a more effective deterrent than you having to cough up 525 at a 7-11.
For me, I would think of that and be like, well, I haven't set my apartment on fire yet.
So, you know, because when you're smoking, you're just rationalizing content.
Think of how you'd feel if you did, though.
I know.
Right?
I don't happen because I'm not smoking.
Exactly.
Which can't.
Good.
Now, do you have something to add to tonight's topic?
Yes.
Yes.
And it's like a little bit cheesy.
But I never understood why, when I was younger, like in my, when I was a child, like in my
early teenage years, why like older women cried when they were happy.
At weddings were at all really.
Like I just, I didn't get it.
get overwhelmed, but not like the full-on, you know, tears.
And then, so silly, because I went to my first wedding
of like a couple of friends of mine, and I was like crying.
And it felt great, because I was really happy,
but I finally understood like that overwhelming joy
that makes people cry, so that was pretty cool.
Well, that's nice.
Yeah.
That is awesome.
It hit me.
Yeah, yeah, like it just, and it was a wedding.
It wasn't even, it wasn't even too really close friends.
It was just like touching.
That is fantastic.
Thank you.
You are a good person, Erica.
All right.
Thank you.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey Tom, how are you?
I'm doing all right, who's this?
This is Evan from Providence.
Evan from Providence.
We're getting all the ringers tonight.
All of those are all top shelf callers.
Wow, thank you very much.
These are not the drugs.
Sometimes we get these people.
Oh, boy.
Well, yeah.
If there's a topic, we'll call.
Yes.
Good.
So yes, in regards to the topic, now I get it.
Mine is, I never used to get it, but now my friends finally
turn me on to Garfield, the comic strip.
OK.
Just kidding.
the uh... the real one is actually uh...
my uh... i think a few years ago
not that the lasagna cat thing
and i don't like the lasagna cat they hate lasagna cat i don't like lasagna
cat those guys are kind of a little bit
they're just dealing with content that already kind of exist i i didn't realize
that the garfield wasn't hilarious
thanks for pointing that out
thanks
and i didn't realize it wasn't uh... the funniest thing ever
yeah i'll wait it's it's kind of corny and stupid
yeah i'll now i get it
yeah exactly
and old uh... tv theme song too
lasagna cat
that should be a shame to themselves yeah exactly
and we'll put a wig on them it looks just like john it'll be great
sick
no exactly matter free time people have
that's a matter free time people have seriously
you know what go help someone
go repaint our rec center
you've got enough time to make lasagna cat
you've got enough time to make lasagna cad you've got enough time to go repaint
the rec center downtown
exactly exactly
yeah i uh...
they're a big hit in hollywood too
who is
uh... the uh... i i
fear to even mention the name fatal farm guys i assume we're talking about
same-time good we'll make a movie i'm sure everybody will want to see it
exactly it'll be a remake i'm sure
Anyways, for them truly for the topic with something. By the way, if those guys want to pledge, I'm kind of a
lasagna cat fan. I'm going to say right now, I will rescind my lasagna cat opinions.
They must have a little money by now.
They don't have it. You want to know? Those guys don't have money. That's not the way Hollywood works.
They don't pay. They pay you after you do something. Yeah, yeah, I guess.
i guess on you can't wait wait till somebody's got to pay five cents lasagna
cats good when it's free
lasagna cats good when it's free
all of a sudden you put a thing up premium site
pay for lasagna cat all of a sudden hey where'd everybody go
now they need to they need to start the t-shirt tip
that would be the uh that would be the way to pay for the site
lasagna cat shirts yeah but they have to pay for the right that we're gonna
they don't own that in a didn't create that
uh... jim davis did
sky got to work
got out of pen and pad sat down came up with something spoke to the world
go forward
no go forward
it is yours before yours
yeah uh... so yeah so my uh...
uh... the the thing i never understood because i'm against all
new technology in general item i still don't own a cell phone
and uh... but my family chipped in a couple years ago and got me a and mp3
player and ipod specifically but
uh... and
now
i was against them i would take my and i would walk everywhere
and i would always listen to music and i take my bulky cd player with me
and now i have
uh... you know an ipod and it it really is
better because i have like the greatest hits and then i have whatever i'm
listening to currently
and then um... i mean
it's how i started listening to the best show actually so
yeah yeah
so i know now i get it you know
i would never have gotten one for myself but i understand how truly like
it's a pleasure to walk around or do the dishes or
i mean something that was actually posted on the message board earlier
to about like
what do you do i listen to the best show
so there you go look
anybody can listen to the show however they want to listen to it
i think the recommended way to listen to the show
is in a room
sitting still
staring at the you're listening device
whether it be an old-timey radio
or uh... you know it is what you do
this how you should listen to the show
in the room
you sit in the chair
no orange crates that's what people put pictures of uh... orange crates up
last week
You go in a room, you have the lights on.
You don't shut the lights off.
It's not a Venus fly trap.
You sit in the chair, then you lean forward,
as if you're on an airplane and you're not feeling so well.
Towards the listening device.
Exactly.
But you lean forward like, oh, as if you're saying,
oh, my stomach hurts.
When's this flight going to end?
But also kind of like a Norman Rockwell painting,
hopefully if you have the real old-timey radio
old-timey radio is optional
okay i'm not like you not scared of technology
fair enough
thank you for calling back by top
fm you you're on the air
this time
yes it is
is it really
i'm so excited and who's this
this is jeff from happen
jeff from Athens to what do i know the pleasure of this call
I had one to add to the topic.
Alright, let's hear it.
You don't know how close you came to getting hung up on.
It's only you knew.
If you answered that question wrong about your name.
Oh geez.
Right now you'd be in DialTone City, but you're not.
You made it.
It's bad. I was actually entranced.
SD7 second delay. I was just listening to you.
You came on. I was fooled.
Jeff?
Yes.
okay here we are what I finally did is the best show you finally get this show
I was a part of that little board we call AST yeah comedy the comedy zone
yes I I ignored that thread topic for so long I had no idea what it was and
what is your name on that board I am J runner J runner I've seen before yeah
I think we complained about Juno and all the lot.
Ooh, don't get me started.
I got another phone call about Juno tonight.
My friend Ben called.
It's right there.
Trying to get you to like it or?
No, he knew I hated it and he wanted to hear me talk about it more.
People are obsessed with it.
Well, I had trouble sleeping after I saw that movie and after being urged to see the
greatest comedy of our generation seeing it and then just the emptiness.
So that's what got you on board the program that our mutual discuss with the movie Juno.
Well you did say I was one of your favorite members even though I don't think you know
I was and you were trying to praise Sparky Bob.
I was just listing members.
Yes you were.
Okay.
And that chat.
But I made a list.
There's a chat.
There's this chat on this comedy's own board.
I'd never go back in that thing if you paid me a thousand dollars.
Come on.
A thousand.
A thousand.
I wouldn't go back in.
What if I donate a thousand next week during pledge?
I
Would go back in
Okay, well, I don't have that kind of money. Of course you don't
You know that chat if I I'm not gonna say anything there's a lot of good people in there
But there's a lot of dregs in there, too
You know what I would do if I was a member of a perverted justice. Yeah, take a look at the AST
comedies on chat sure you could wrangle a few
Few people get that on Dateline NBC
Well see, but why I got hooked on the show was because you had Patton on first.
Yes.
Patton Oswalt.
Then I stuck around for PFT.
Yes.
Paul off Tomkins.
And now I'm just here for sharply.
Good.
Good.
That's what it took.
Those got you on board.
Now you're here for the full ride.
Yes.
And now I'm excited because I'm looking to take home rookie of the year this year.
Look at this.
This guy stepping up saying he's rookie of the, he's saying he, you're like Babe Ruth
pointing at the fence.
well I was looking to that guy earlier he was uh he was talking about how he
gets busy on Tuesday I work two jobs I still make time for best show you know
what well that is a great point you know why because that guy's thing was
weather contingent I'm not only gonna hear from him when it rains in the North
Hollywood I'm your son fleek no mail service that's what I'm like you know
what I'm all here I won't hear from you where you're done in Athens if there's
like some sort of uh...
KKK rally or something and you're tied up
right you gotta go right
gotta go and take care of business
well i'm going to drive around right
got the hill how many times a week is there a KKK rally in your town
zero time
no stop
they've moved they've moved over to uh... no looking after or i'm saying like in
the center of town
but we're like literally the mayor of your town
isn't it in the cake a k robs
i'm a little bit i'm here for school with a liberal university were very open-minded
people
they'll have a teacher's not open-minded and we like how many of your teachers
how many of your teachers show up in class
full cake a k regalia
zero
zero
i've come on
well listen i don't go to every single class there you go
you may you probably miss some of the classes
take some online courses they might be sitting there in their brand wizard
outfit you know exactly on the webcam
i also got some pictures because that other rookie
you know i liked i did like there will be gone to like that
that is
that's good that's hard to talk actually you know what
class act
guy shows
he's not just trying to he's not just trying to submarine the other guy at
all costs
conceding that that was a good uh... topic it's classy
Yeah, well, I know it was a good film, good bass, but that's the thing. I mean, you're taking it from another bass home.
Yeah, you're right. It's a parody, spoof, lampooning. We're lampooning something.
Yeah, it's good, but right?
What are we, uh, Fire Sign Theater, lampooning stuff?
Now, home of original content. Let's hear it.
Best show.
Okay, you can say, best show, and if it'll say, okay, best show, it's not elitist, if it's true.
Well, I don't understand that.
See, because, you know, you're better than Juneau.
You get to die.
I don't like that.
OK, you missed the boat.
201, 5369, 368 is the number.
I misplayed it there in the home stretch.
FMU you're on the air. Hey Tom it's Samir and Florida. Samir how are you tonight?
I'm very very well thanks Tom how about you? I'm doing all right I'm glad to hear from you.
Well that's good I'm enjoying the show I've got something to suggest for your topic tonight.
Let's hear it. It's um it's the band Godspeed you Black Emperor.
I know they've not been around for a while, but back in 2000 or 2001 they were playing
in London where I lived at the time and I turned down a chance to see them because I
thought the idea of them was very, very boring because obviously they didn't get played much
on the radio because most their songs are very, very, very long and gradually building.
this is a time when music wasn't as easy to like you wasn't as easy to sample new bands as it is
now. I only knew about them from reading about them and just the idea of it seemed really really
interminable to me so I turned down the chance to go and see them a couple of times and now I'm
completely hooked and listen to them a lot. And I really like that it's been off bands.
now you get it
say it
uh...
go to be too black and pro
now i get it
you can pledge next week samir
i'll be here
and i'll pledge
yeah i know you will you're gonna love it
i i can't wait
i'm very excited for it
thank you samir i'm excited for you and your opportunity to pledge will be
next week
it will be very thrilling for you
i hope so i
yeah i'm sure a little bit
fm you you're on the air
it's on teddy
all
rookie of the year
how are you
good
uh...
anyone for the topic
let's hear it
that's not going up with a sophomore slump
no no software drinks i hope uh...
uh...
well might uh...
bad news you were on the cover of uh... best show magazine
oh yeah
i don't know that the jinx
Oh, don't let the jinx what hit you like the sports illustrator drinks. Yes
Anyway, well my thing was actually listening to lifeguards. I
Used to kind of I guess I was a little cocky and used to kind of blow them off
You know swim out a little bit too far at certain points like where are you talking about it at a pool or in the ocean?
No in the ocean, okay, you know, I kind of you know
Grew up near the ocean and everything and you know, I don't know kind of thought I was above all that
See you thought you knew better than a lifeguard. Yeah, I did. Yeah, which is really dumb
Until just a couple years ago. I actually got caught in a rip tide and really scared their <E.D.> out of me
It's like a serious call from Eddie. Yeah
And they actually had to life quit actually had to come out and and rescue me really yeah with the you know
like the orange little thing that they hold
With his little his little floaty yeah, yeah, and it wasn't even like that far out
But the Riptide can really grab you was it in front of everybody. Yeah. Oh, yeah
It was completely embarrassing. You know like a whole scene of people
Watching as I was pulled in really like how did that feel when you hit the shore?
And the lifeguard is like was he like why don't you just sit down for a minute gather yourself?
Well, actually was relief because I was really truly scared. Yeah for a couple seconds, you know
Because you really lose control
And you don't know what's going to happen.
Now was he blowing the whistle?
Originally and you're just like
I know what I'm doing!
Now I was waving my hands like a maniac
and I just saw them come running at me, you know.
And you were relieved?
Yeah, I was relieved and then like
after a couple of minutes I felt stupid.
Now how far out is far for you?
Not really that far but like they were warning people not to go out
like that for the riptide was really close to shore
uh-huh particular day and i thought ah come on it can't be that dead you know
and uh... but what do you think you're aquaman
uh...
you think you're stronger than the ocean
yeah
i guess i like humility
you know will humility to the uh...
to the uh... tapestry there ready
yep and uh... i got a greater appreciation of that you know
listening to the lifeguard and duty
now if your kid tells you he wants to go out uh... swim and not listen to
lifeguard what are you going to say
well he won my kid was there
so they they know was he laughing
and on how he was kind of upset actually he was terrified
actually and then my daughter didn't want to go in the water for a while after that
do they bust your chops about it now
uh...
where does everybody take it very seriously
they did take it seriously
and then we just kind of didn't bring it up there for a while
you should bring it up before the uh... uh... before uh... swim season starts
again
yeah yeah why i don't want that
you know reminder every now and again now this is not going to be it this is
not a uh... sign of things to come for these eddie calls is it
or no no but it is not going to be all down you're not heading into a dark
stretch now
not at all but uh...
that that that just uh... rung about when
we need to that topic out yeah
uh... you know
truth so if i could i would bring it i appreciate it
i got a kind for one of the slogan yes i could have yes you have kind of
uh... stolen from the new york times
uh...
these times demand the best show
what what is that
these times demand the best show
i like that
they have that commercial these times demand the times yes
these times demand the best show
we could do it kind of like that uh... commercial for the tuna fish in uh...
mister mom
What's that?
These troubling times, unfortunately, due to the economy, like that commercial where
they, that was their approach to their tuna fish commercial, talking about how they're
erasing the cost of their tuna fish because times are hard.
Right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
People rally around us.
No one's going to rally around any company saying they're raising prices.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Everybody's going to be all on board with it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You know who I'd rally around the company that goes, you know what?
I'm not raising the price. Right. I'm there for you America. Yeah, I'm gonna help you out. Yeah, thank you Eddie. Thanks Tom
Eddie the dark stuff
Has going the
Yeah
Samir just put up this is the first call I in the chat over at friends at Tom comm
Samir just put up. This is the first call in Eddie's Berlin trilogy
FM you're on the air hello hello who's this hi this is Lisa I would call him
back to apologize about not pledging wait who is this this is Lisa I called
earlier and what happened I wasn't gonna pledge and then you grump
boom that's how it goes down
Wha wha wha whaa..
B-b-b-b-bahbo shoot
2-0-1
5 3 6, 9 3 6 8
I'm looking out there. It looks like a who's who. I saw Todd Ophonic Todd floating around.
I see the Monday night madman. Evan Funk Davies used to follow me here. I miss you. I
miss you seriously couldn't do it anymore you might not want to hear this
Evan it might hurt small change stop great it's an upgrade no offense you know
what I stick with I stick with who I got we're gonna moan that you're gone but
But tonight, dare I say, another upgrade.
Yes, Todd Ophonic Todd will be filling in for small change.
Get ready for that.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, what's going on, Tom?
Oh, not a whole lot.
Who's this?
This is Frank from Mountain Scotch Plains, Sonic Scotch Plains, New Jersey.
Scotch Plains, what's going on?
much and just wanted to go on about the subject of uh... what i get now
what is it
for me it's the uh... the fine conny act known as he
i uh...
couldn't stand the pace of it before
i guess it's the nancy thing i would always just get it to thought of even
trying it but uh...
this past weekend my friend mike from uh... manhattan introduced a drink to me
known as uh...
the algander hamilton which was hanestine red bull mixed together never had
such a thing
and uh...
We're out drinking this stuff at a party, and it's...
Yeah, I knew there were that was going.
I was way ahead of that guy.
Don't worry, Mike.
Way ahead, that's one.
That's the kind of thing H-Man wouldn't be able to handle on his show.
That's rookie H-Man.
Started his college show.
that's stepping up
sorry each man used to be a friend now your foe
FM you you're on the air
hey time it's Jonah
Jonah calling from
calling from Williamsburg
no is this the Jonah
this is the Jonah
I said it was like the jerky boys
listen
the jerky boys ever hear the jerky boys
i want to apologize
i want to apologize
that's the best comparison you could think of jerky boys
you know
john for me very nice note about that article
who's john
and some guy don't really like the article but i i didn't mean in jerky
boys and in the degrading sense and then it just as a reference point
Because it's such a positive reference point the jerky boys
Well, there are not a lot of prank calls sort of that genre is very limited prank calls
Yeah, who am I pranking here?
You're not thinking I'm just saying I call to apologize. I didn't mean to offend you. I love the show sick
To highlight in my week and and I was trying to try to give you some ink that's always trying to do
Are you going to pledge next week?
Absolutely.
This is what I want you to say in your pledge.
Okay.
And this is why I want all of you to say in your pledges.
You use that comment section to make your mark next week.
Say you're sorry, you say you love the show, you listen on the podcast.
Yeah, I'll do it, I'll do all three of those things.
I want you to do all three.
Look at what these people in the phone room going to be writing in a novella.
you're sitting there dictating you send a telegram stop i want to say i'm sorry stop
i enjoy the show stop
james uh evans was found dead the elaskin pipeline stop
and off my phone
fm you you're on the air hey uh how you doing time oh i'm doing all right i don't like that
Didn't like it picked up on a vibe
That guy's all right, Jonah. I'm just teasing. I'm teasing you Jonah
You're okay in my book seriously. Don't sweat it
jerky boys
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi.
This is Kate.
I'm calling to say that what I understand now are oguts.
I hated them for four years.
I cursed the day that Oprah Winfrey introduced them on her talk show and now I gotta say
I'd never take them off my foot after I got my ingrowned coenails removed
And I was forced either way of these are slippery and I got it stuck. They keep you you're really warm
All right, ugh boots
Yeah
What finally turned the the tide for you there were the ugh boots
Well, I mean and when the tide turned did you see Eddie flailing away in it. I'm sorry
Right?
Nothing.
Well, if you could use this or slippers, I mean, the wintery climate really doesn't
call for slippers.
I tried on some lug boots and I'm good to go.
I haven't taken them off in about a month.
I might want to take those off.
Seriously.
Yeah, I'm trying to smell.
And they get a little soggy one what?
Yeah.
A little soggy.
That's gross.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi Tom.
Hi, who's this?
Steven in Chicago.
Stephen in Chicago, what's going on?
Not much, sir. How are you?
I'm doing okay.
Good.
I have something for your topic.
Let's hear it.
It's a music-related contribution to the topic.
Jules.
ZZtop.
ZZtop.
Yeah.
You didn't get ZZtop.
When I was younger, and I would see videos for songs like
like legs or sleeping bag or something like that yeah I always thought yeah these
guys are kind of creepy and not that not that great you weren't wrong though
well no I wasn't wrong you weren't wrong there's 75 year old men singing about
legs I wasn't wrong in that regard then I discovered the first three albums the
first five mm-hmm and that's when I said now I get it you know and I got to say
about ZZ Top what's that response that they have one they are responsible for
one of the worst songs in history which would be so called TV dinner TV
dinners I'm trying I can't think of which album that's on is that on like which
one which one came out after de Guello I don't know because I want to let me
see if we have it here. We do not have TV dinners. Oh, well. Oh, that's the worst song
I've seen that song listed before. And it's even the title and it's like, I mean, they
have their their their moments of brilliance. But then, yeah, there are some pretty dicey
moves on this. No, I salute ZZ Top for their early work. Yeah, first time. And I condemn
them for their later work
there you go
all right house there
thanks
fm you you're on the air
hate on this is josh in miami how are you doing okay how are you josh
i'm great
thanks for asking
calling
uh... i had a quick uh... slogan suggestion
let's hear it
it's something you mentioned uh... a couple weeks ago it's that showed two
thousand eight doing it for joey lunch pail
exactly what if it's just doing it for the slobs
for sure you put it out there for a little call a guy's like a snobs versus
slobs
i love it
exactly but yeah are you friends with lori
yes i am
we're going to see uh... one of your buddies on rickell for a couple weeks
lorie's a starry but how do you
reconcile that
uh... it's it's not easy but i mean you do it so i don't know i don't know if
lori's a snob
I don't know that. She's not a slob.
No, no, no, no.
She employs the slobs.
Right?
Yeah.
Doddy, get that slob out of here.
Doddy, why is that slob lingering so?
In the vestibule.
Well Tom, I have something for the topic.
Let's hear it, Josh.
Taking the advice of the obelbox into my daily life.
What is it?
A few months ago I called in and said that I got a little emboldened by hearing ABBA
before meeting with my boss and I asked for a pretty generous raise.
Yes, I remember this.
And I wanted to tell you that it all worked out and everything's great and everyone should
take the ABBA box into their daily life.
So the advice of the ABBA box?
Now I get it.
Get it, yes.
And which song emboldened you truly?
Money, money, money.
That's what did it for you?
Yeah.
Now that you've got that money, money, money,
you can fly high like an eagle.
They came flying from far away
Now I'm under the spell
I love hearing the stories that they've made
They've seen places beyond my name
And they've gone through horizons
They speak strangely, but I understand
And I dream of the evil
And I dream of his great white dreams
Blood and high, high
I'm a bird in the sky
I'm the evil that rides on the green
I, I, I'm feeling too high
All the mountains and forests and seas
Let me go anywhere that I can breathe
As all the greats we've formed are mine
And we want we to win
I have questions and they know that we
There's no limit to what we need
We are higher and higher
And I'm dreaming of this and all we need
Is it true, I'm any more?
Is it true, I can scrape my dreams?
I am high, high, on the bird in the sky
I'm the evil that drives on the green
I am high, and what I'm dreaming to find
We hold an office and for a sense of peace
I could go anywhere that I'd be
And I dream of an eagle And I dream of your spring, my dreams
Got it high, high I'm a bird in the sky
Me, I'm an eagle that's bright on the green
I, I, I, want to be in true flight
We owe a long distance for us and see
I, I, I, I, I'm burning the sky
I'm a evil that flies on the green
I, I, I, want to be in true flight
Like we are long-dinsed forests and seas
And you go anywhere that I need
The sounds of Ava taking us through the home stretch of tonight's best show with the song
eagle. 201, 536, 936, 8 is the number. Next week again, the WFMU marathon begins two
weeks. You get ready. You listen to this show, you step up and you pledge during my show.
You listen to this show, you show some support, you better get ready. The premium that I've
For people who pledge a certain amount of money you get ready. This is unbelievable. It's gonna
It's gonna melt your face. It's so good
You're gonna look like super Dave when it's done
This premium so good Brad Pitt would all of a sudden look like super Dave and he'd love it. He'd be happy
I just saw some movie. Someone had posted something online about a movie. It's like
the people versus George Lucas. Something like that. Is that it? Let me, I gotta find
this. We got guests coming up when the, when the show, uh, after the marathon. We got guests.
hotberry coming in studio
coming by
here is the people versus george lucus
at people versus george lucus dot com
and can i do that uh... you can i just ask
These people mad about the new trilogy, the prequels, and about the special editions.
You know what, shut up, get over it, stop it.
These people who can't get past this George Lucas thing, geez, the original movies are
out there for you.
You want them?
You watch those.
Got a stop. People got a stop with that. It's a sickness. FM you're on the air. Hi Tom.
Hi, who's this? This is Arthur. Arthur, where are you calling from?
Polonia, New Jersey. Polonia, New Jersey. How are you tonight?
I'm good, how are you? Doing okay. How are things in Polonia?
Polonia. Polonia. Sorry. No, it's fine. It's called
colonial. Yeah. Oh, yes. You are you are in the, the, uh, the, uh,
the, uh, Woodbridge area. Correct. Yes. Yeah. Well, I had
something that I never got. And then I got it. Uh huh. What
arrested? No, never. He's not a little scary. Or I got to
tell you what's a little scary what's a little scary you why live in and up a
little bit you sound like you sound like a serial killer oh this wake up
splashing cold water on your face live in and up a little bit you saw here
about to tell me where somebody's being held captive oh I'm just nervous about
Oh, don't be nervous. I'm your friend. All right. We're our New Jersey brethren, right? Yeah
So we already got that going for you. You like to show that's another thing we have in common. Yeah, you're all right relax, right?
There you go
And what do you have to contribute to the topic Arthur?
Um something I never got was the animal bears that Arizona brothers do bears. You never like bears?
Yeah. I never liked them. And then I was in Cleveland at the zoo. It was feeding time for the bears.
And I thought, oh boy, you know, they're going to throw them some dead fish. This is going to be real great.
Yeah. And then the zookeeper gave the bear an orange. The bear put the orange between its jaws
and he just clamped down and turned that orange to juice and he ate it. And it really filled me up with joy.
Uh-huh. It was, I don't know. I'm really happy, I guess.
Kind of reminded you of what you did to that guy that time.
Oh, right. The vice.
Oh, I never did that.
You never did? Well, of course you didn't do it, wink, wink.
Oh, no.
Not until they catch you, you didn't do it.
Yeah, I guess so.
Someone told me it's all happening at the zoo.
I do believe...
What a terrible song like to see those guys in a bear pit. So I'm in a garf uncle.
Yeah, but you know, they have to make the bears real mad.
That's a topic now. We're switching topics. Who do you want thrown in a bear pit?
201. Now that's every that's two out of every three topics we do.
Right. Thanks Arthur. And please are you going to pledge next week?
I plan on it yet.
Can you make two pledges next week?
Can you pledge money to the station?
Yeah.
And can you also pledge to deny the voice in your head?
I will do that.
Don't let it tell you what to do.
You ever have that thing like in Mr. Brooks where you have a friend who's telling you what to do? Marshall?
It's been a long time, Arthur.
Arthur, it's been a long time.
You know you want to kill again, Arthur.
I'm just teasing you. You're a good guy. Thank you, Tom. Thanks, Arthur. Oh,
FM you you're on the air
That's going right. Who's this? This is Abraham. That's right. How are you Abraham?
You called you called last week last week. I'm sorry about that. You were the guy who took advice from
Richard kind
Yeah, I mean I the more I thought about it the more I think my
Actions were not really because of what he said, but just cuz I don't know how I felt and yeah
Anyway, you you made me think and I really appreciate that
So I was hoping to make it up with a quick addition to the topic. What's that?
I used to be a fat kid when I was little and I lost weight because I started running
a lot and so when I went off to college I used to have this policy where I was like
I'm only going to run on treadmills if the only machine I will ever run on because anything
else is you know I wouldn't be able to replicate that action outside of the
gym you know so that I'd be coming up with excuses where like oh I'm not near
my elliptical machine but I won't go work out yeah I thought that's what would
happen by the way elliptical elliptical machine I go to this one place so they
have the elliptical machines yeah says on it don't go over a hundred a hundred
Whatever RPMs or whatever it is. Yeah stride I think it's all like that
Showing off
What are you in a elliptical machine salesman?
Terminology down well, it's what's called strides actually
I'm not allowed to do it. I'm not allowed to do it because I can't go under that
You should have seen me on the thing the thing started to move. I
Was like actually driving in around the gym a little bit
grab the handles and steered off into the other people.
Yes.
But the thing is, one day I went down and all the treadmills were taken,
so I thought, all right, I'll try an extra cycle, you know, why not?
And I did, and you know, then the next step was another time I went down there,
everything was being used, so I tried an elliptical machine.
And you know what?
They were really nice.
I, I, there was a nice workout and it was, I know I found like an old person saying this, but you know, it was easy on my joints. I didn't feel exhausted. So I don't know. I just want to recommend them to everybody.
There you go. Good. I like that.
Yeah.
You're all right.
It burns in calories.
Abraham, you made some, lastly, he's called did not go well at all.
Yeah.
Some, some said it was already a front runner for worst call of 2008.
Some, some, you said that.
You, you said it.
Well, I'm one of some. Did I say I wasn't part of the sum?
No, no, no, no.
It was just me, all right?
Okay.
That call was bad last week.
It was. It was. It was.
You know what? You're on the road to repping your image.
You're like Andy Pettit.
You held your press conference today.
You took your lumps.
I did. I really really did. Yeah, I don't know if I know anything to the show
yelled at me and were like why'd you even call in and you know, I felt bad about it
But also I got one of the things to say I really about this jerky boys thing again compared to that
There's one part of that sentence that I thought was even more sensitive than the rest of the stuff and what's that?
I love your work on monk, but you are not just
Monk writer. I can't talk about that. Can't talk about that.
Okay, remember the place you've really worked with yourself.
Do you mess up again? You're messed up again.
Back in the doghouse. You're back in the doghouse.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi.
Hi. WFMU?
Yes, that's us. All right.
The topic is, I'm sorry I'm sorry I've been dialing
never is there. Is this Mike? This is Tom, you went straight through. I did. Yeah, Mike
left. Mike left. He's scared of that guy Arthur. We decided to divide, he goes one
way, I go the other, but you can't catch both of us. Alright, well I was a little bit
scared of Arthur as well. Yeah, guy, Arthur. Don't get me. If it's got to be me or Arthur,
I'm here Mike.
Mike.
All right.
Go ahead.
We have 30 seconds.
30 seconds.
You know, I was torn on the wire.
I like it.
You like the wire?
I like it.
All right.
Yeah.
I like it.
Great.
Okay.
Everybody, this is the end of the best show on WFMU for tonight.
Next week is when it all comes down.
It's all business next week.
We had our fun tonight.
That was as Steve Summers would say that tonight we were in the toy aisle of the department
store of life.
Next week, next week you know where we're in?
We're back in the manager's office because you got caught shoplifting.
You're going to get your parents called and your parents are going to call the 800 number
and pledge to this show.
It's all business next week.
I need you people to come through for the best show and I'm counting on you and I know
you will you're gonna put your money where your mouth is I'm putting my money
where my mouth is which you see these premium I'm working on t-shirt sticker
and a poster going broke on this poster that's throwing quotes at me today you
think I was playing Carnegie Hall with some of these poster costs I don't know
what that meant but I know what it means see the nice that way I know what it
means if you pledge to the show we're gonna do it we're gonna make it count
everybody stay tuned Todd Ophonic Todd filling in for a small change tonight
you can look forward to three hours of the hottest radio you've ever heard get
ready to get your faces melted WFM U East Orange WXH the amount hope world
on the World Wide Web at WFMU.org. No music break. I turn it right over, right over. Boom.
The headphones are yours.