The
S radio show ever.
Hey who's this?
Well I'm in British Wales, Governor of Alabama.
Hi it's, uh, Gerald Carminer.
Tom Sharpling, Governor of Party.
A Tom is purple to her.
A Tom is Mark Michaels.
This is Richard Card.
What's your name?
Barry.
Barry.
And what's inside the two?
fire cry. Maurice Kurt? Horrify. Hey Thomas Bruce.
Howdy. Who's this?
Genji Vitis. Genji Vitis. Yes, they have Rick Feloni at the wall. I go to what?
I hate you. It's Peter. Hey, it's Steinberg.
Mm-hmm. Do all creepy and I'm hanging upon you.
Boing. Roger Depp. My name is Ollie Fairnock.
I'll say it. You'll hear it. You'll do it. I'll get it. You'll learn it.
I'll live with it and you'll die without it.
Mash your trash. There's a call to call.
Good day.
What's up, Tom? It's the Tristan.
Hey, it's Michelle.
Yeah, Tom, this is Jim Riffle. How you doing?
When I get to do the toilet talk now.
The bar feel is a new century.
My name is Tom Riley. I'm calling from New Zealand.
Hey, man, it's bright.
10-0, that's a 10-pole. It's a 10-pole show.
Hey, this is Tedlya.
Whaaat?
This is Pete from the Future.
Hi, Tom, it's DJ Terry Chase.
Hey, from Knoxville.
Super-cholar.
It's off to Tom.
My name is Mike Zajak.
Get off my phone! I don't care!
Hey, this is Lippie Pan, man.
I'm going to go to bed now, bye, friend.
Hey, Tom, it's Gordon.
Hey, Gordon, how are you?
I was in a band in the early 90s, my name's Jerry Pan.
Tom, why do you listen to Jeffrey Ludell?
It's a fat, diseased, wilder, right?
Isn't it?
The disenfranchised have a home now.
I'm the hero of the disenfranchised.
I'm going to do the streets of New Breeze
We're going down to the left
We're going to do the night
It's 8 o'clock, it's time to hear the rest
We're going down to the left
We're going down to the left
The wind picked up, the fire spread And the grapevine scene, left for death
In the northern sky look like the end of day, the end of day
Now wake up cold to a ranting room
Sounded like an alarm of impending doom
To warn us it's only a matter of time
Before we are alone
Before we all move
Before we all move
We bought some wine and some paper cuffs, near your daughter's school, and we picked her up,
and drove to a cemetery on a hill, on a hill.
We watched the plumes paint the sky gray,
And she laughed and danced through the field of grace
And there I knew we'd be alright
But everything would be alright
Would be alright
And the news reports on the radio said it was getting worse
The ocean air than the flame
But I couldn't think of any weather I would have rather been
To watch it all burn away
To burn away
The firemen were in double shivings With prayers
on their lips and they knew it was only a matter of time
You won't look twice
You won't look at the numbers
Don't plan to die
My memory
serves me right
This rate does no disservice
to the bottom line
Here we go up on a heat and start it
You've got to be there, man, you just can't shake your face
I'll wait for all the kids
It was all a party that started
Yeah, the science of the truth
Check the liberty and action tape
There's a prison for what I do
I've got a beer and I just can't shake it
Face it, I won't fail to see you
Whoa!
Oh
My eyes
My eyes
Dream of the blood and every day of sleep
Sleep, dream of my eyes
Sleep, dream of my eyes
Dream of the blood and every day of sleep
Dream of the blood and every day of sleep
Sleep, dream of my eyes
Oh
I'm going to do it!
I'm going to do it!
And I'm very small
I'm very small
I can't make it, it's all down there
You're my little girl
Make down with your sister
But that feels good
My little friend told me
She ain't too little girl
All the tears hold in her bed
All the tears hold in her
And the little friend of she's dead
Oh, right there you go
You're my little girl
uh...
you hear the show right
what's that you hear my show
of course i never wanted to call up but you're
you just listen to me jr
you think this is funny show right
yes i love you show you love my show you think it's fine thank you for saying
that
you think i i'm funny right
I don't know, no, you have a wit, but I'm not sure I'll call you funny.
Get off my phone!
Oh, dear, I'm not funny.
You have a wit.
What am I, a Mark Twain?
Robert Benchley, I have a wit.
I'm making quips here.
this movie be like if I did for this show for my radio show
which I'm gonna say is funny I think it's funny
is this a funny show Mike see thank you Mike says it's funny
W-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w
All right, we can do this and I want to, I don't want to do it, but we can do it.
So we won't do it!
Here it is.
Best show time.
Here it is.
Best show is back.
Another Tuesday night extravaganza.
for you, with you.
Best show on WFMU, my name's Tom Sharfling.
Here for another exciting night.
Three hours of Marth music in mayhem.
The phone number 2012099368.
That's right.
Open phone Tuesday?
No, never again.
You once had open phone Tuesday in the palm of your hand.
You thought that it would always stay.
But you were a fool.
You treated open phone Tuesday cruel.
You threw it all away.
Yes. Everybody's favorite. Happy birthday, Bob Dilbin. Oh boy, it's already lit up.
to just heard Boris holy moly that's as heavy as it gets from their new record
smile statement the name of that song on the southern Lord label that is a
statement you know what else it is I'll tell you what it isn't actually you know
it Boris isn't metal that's right that's what Boris isn't all these people lump
them in with metal. That's not metal. That's rock music. Not metal. Metal wishes it
sounded like Boris. Stop metal. Sorry guys. Metal stinks. It's for children. It's time
to grow up. You're sitting there listening to metal. Grow up. If you're listening to
it as an adult, you got to grow up. If you're listening to it as your teen, knock it off.
you're being weird and retro
trust me
i was there when it was new
that stuff stunk
it stinks now
move forward
listen to that boris record you want to listen to uh... rock music
for that the Beatles we heard the drum track from strawberry fields
right
James Pants before that, on the Super Hot Stones Throw label.
Dragon Slayer, the name of that song.
His album's called Welcome.
Stones Throw, you did it again.
Another guy who did it again.
John Reese, Speedo, Swami.
Holding it down with the hot snakes
from their hot album automatic midnight
our work fills the pews the name of that song
on the swami label
kicking it off
that's got for cutie
from the number one album in america
No more album, Best Show Bump.
Did they get the Best Show Bump, Mike?
Yes?
Death cap for cutie?
You say yes.
You say they got the Best Show Bump.
Put them in number one.
Great fun fires.
Best Show Bump, I'm gonna say no.
They did not get the Best Show Bump.
And I am scared of this flashing line.
It's an old friend.
Now you know what friends are, right?
Would I have this friend over my house?
You think so.
Oh boy.
FMU, you're on the air.
He definitely knows what old is. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know if Guido has the friend friend down, right?
Who who is this? This is Michael from the cynics, Tom. How are you doing? Okay? How are you doing? I'm doing very well
Doing okay. Yes. Glad to hear it
Thanks for asking. Wow. What can I do for you tonight?
Well before I get to the thrust my call I'd like to add a quick aside just man to man
and say that I sympathize and can relate to your feelings towards the
ABBA box because I had a very similar relationship with an ONO box and it
wasn't even my own ONO. You don't compare the ONO box to the ABBA box. How dare you?
I'm not comparing the box. I'm comparing the relations. I'm not done with this guy.
No, no, no. This guy from the Senate. I'm comparing the relationship. I had it and it
wasn't even by and eventually i had to give it up and move on
but by that time i had already bought
approximately infinite universe and
feeling the space
you think i'm giving up the album box
no i think that you know you're just putting it on the shelf for a while like
you have to do with those boxes
we're ramping up for the movie
i don't want to i don't want to burn too bright
i want to be able to give that movie the proper push it deserves
okay i'm sorry i and i misunderstood i thought i thought you i thought you were
put in the out the box aside we took it with a relationship
i'm sorry i shouldn't have made compare okay that's okay my relationship with
the ono box was tawdry on what it meant it's tawdry compared to your relationship
with the op-op on word and upward on word and upward
so what can i do my call was uh... uh... in in in light of my
previous geographical sniping
uh... i just called the globe
because uh...
i couldn't get a chance to call in in the previous weeks and
item was only in the news cycle for twenty four hours yeah i'm not sure if
if if you noticed it
the e p a did declare
pitzburg pennsylvania as the city of city in the united states that city of
the city of city in the united states well there's a shocker
who would have thought of who would have thought of city that consists of
smokestacks
and factories
but see that was the old pitzburg and then they said you know they had the
renaissance i think the renaissance within the seventies here
and then you know they moved on from that and started cleaning up
the river and even the kayahogan and all in ohio stopped catching on fire
and it we do have blue skies here now they don't have to have the street lights
on at noon you know like they used to
and they said that everything was cleaned up and now they say that there's
something particulates in the air that you can't see
and that's called such
everyone here just thought it was because the penguins were on fire
you mean the hockey team
yes
how you have a penguins about to get shown the door
problem well you know they're good they're young team still i really like i've
you know what out of all the sports you know i'm not a sports guy tom but uh...
out of all sports i've always like hockey a lot because there's always
something
there's like something going on at least it's fast it seems like a football
every play they they they throw a flag
it baseball nothing ever happens at least in hockey something's going on you
get a five-minute major penalty for drawing blood
that was kind of like hockey it was like more like kind of roller ballish
i would go see roller ball
yet that was a really boring movie if you ever try to watch the james con one
it's all talk talk clapper blabber blabber
like when it's something to happen okay now they're gonna throw the ball
so what's going on with the cynics has lots of good uh... uh... seventy paneling
though
well there no wait there was another thing i wanted to bring up about
pittsburgh and this was in the new york times i don't know if you are so that
article about them filming a movie here called the road the mccarthy novel the
road
uh... never read the novel not familiar with the story but it's a support a
post-apocalyptic movie story it was being filmed by an australian
and they said they wanted to do it in western pennsylvania and pittsburgh
because of the you know dark
dingy cloudy gunmetal grey sky
and they also
i don't know if they noted this in this last particular article but it was an
issue before when they did put out this
public casting call here in pittsburgh
and they wanted people that look like semi-mongoloid
malnourished
uh... scraggly homeless looking people
uh... uh... people that were like missing limbs and sort of inbred that
actually the casting call from this one agency did say they were particularly
looking for inbred people
and when i saw them like man they came to the right place
and i wanted to do it myself i've been an extra and a few they do film a lot of
movies here in pittsburgh unbelievably i was an extra in that like the horrible
wonder boys movie you know just background and
a few other movies to and it's really a fun thing to do but
i didn't get to do it for this movie because we're out of town while they
were filming it but anyway did you happen to see that article uh... what
what
uh... i uh... i'm sorry it's all right there for a second
yes i i was a stump speech
making a stump speech
i'm sorry that's all right now i did not see that article
two days i spent there
seem they seem like fine people
you didn't even call me
you're here for today she didn't even call me
well as your number on a on a billboard
it is it
not yet
i am listed on that i used to have a paper and on public published number for
most of my life i'd pay for an unpublished number but you know what
i never answer my phone anyway
of an answering machine exactly cares
uh... i'm not going to pay uh... it used to be seventy five cents a month i think
now it's like thirty two dollars a month to have an unpublished number
seventy five cents a month
to have yet to have an unlisted phone number
he was creepers
so so well uh... to uh... what can we look for from the cynics
well actually we might be coming to new york town or no we not might be we we
will be unless uh... there's some sort of horrible cataclysmic event
uh... we're doing a uh... tour with uh... mud honey start in next week and
we'll be in uh... we'll be in new york city on on the saturday the seventh
but we're doing like six or seven dates with them in the states and then
we'll go into some european festivals and all that
but anyway it should be really fun to play with mud honey we're just uh...
we're just the opening band the lowly opening band
i don't know
maybe they'll toss us some crumbs from their uh... deli from their deli
tray i don't know
that those should be good shows who else is on the bill yeah i'm just
getting their great guys we love hanging out with them all
on and in the new york though uh... uh...
the deena sparks from l-seven is playing okay
well the other shows i don't know
i can't wait i will be at one of those shows
well i hope to see you out there because it was great meeting you before and i
can't wait to see you get i have to apologize from the time i met you
before i think i held your hand like way too long
i think you did i tend to do that
and especially since i was like horse to probably thought i was sick and i
would like wouldn't let go of your hand
i could see this look in your eyes like uh... i gotta get away from this guy
or is he won't he ever shut up
and i actually even though i can't see your face i see that look in your eye
right now so i'll let you go
okay talk about you keep talking now you keep talking
but i don't know if you keep talking
oh you're putting the pressure on you keep talking
i don't think i have any more uh... topics i didn't have a topic to begin
with
uh... much but uh...
michael from cynics i thank you for your exciting uh...
exciting appearance on the show
no wait i just thought of another topic
and you you're on the air
hi sorry
uh...
the
during the seo god when i heard that michael k had another
topic
who is this
the glory
miami
What can I do for you tonight, Laurie?
Um, well, I have an important question.
I think a question that's on everyone's mind.
What's that?
Okay, we all know that that Abba Box is on the shelf.
But what about the Agnesa Box?
Why don't you go ask...
Why don't you go ask the people on what's that show?
I hear you calling in all the time, Prank Patrol.
Why?
You're calling to the Prank Patrol show on the Wednesday nights.
I'm calling all the time.
You gotta pick a show.
No, I called him because...
You pick a show.
Okay, I pick you.
Okay, you can never call their show again.
Oh, you're gonna make Ken sad.
Oh, it's a sad world.
What can I say?
I'm the king.
I'm the king around here.
That's true.
You have a mandate.
I heard you calling and saying,
And saying pitching your show you wanted to do a show on this a listener hour on the station
Well, no can had asked me to do listener hour
We you play you break out your 14 ice bears record
probably
You're all right. I can't be mad at you the Bartleby
Mad at you no, I can't be mad at you. Oh, why would you be mad at me?
I have no reason to be mad at you.
Now how is it that you got that show? I think I know, right?
What? No. He likes my voice.
He likes your voice. It's probably in the FedEx envelope showed up from Dottie, right?
No.
What did he put in a painting?
No. Yeah, it's a velvet painting of Hillary Clinton.
What did he put in it? A sketch from Picasso?
No, my daughter would like to host a show on the station here consider this
Token of my appreciation for all your accomplishments
No, nothing like that. There was no
No money exchanged
Exactly. The goods were exchanged. No, no goods exchanged either
I wanted to say- How much money could you get your hands on in straight up cash if you
had 24 hours? If I had 24 hours. I'm gonna guess. I'm gonna say $23 million. No. Like
you didn't need it to get- No. No. You can probably get $23 million. No, not even close.
Oh, oh not even close. Not even close. It's not more 14 million. No, it's not even in the $100,000 range.
All right. Come on. I'm not that rich. Not not that rich. Those are the things that
endear you to everybody. I'm not that rich. Phrases like that. People hate me. I'm not.
I'm gonna here's a little thing. Don't say things like I'm not
You have me under the gun here. Those are non starters. You got you got a mic out there
He's going over to uh all bomb pan
When they put their the pastries on sale us have have price seven to eight p.m
He's out there loading up
He doesn't want to hear this talk
I'm sorry blue collar guy
It's a hard hat. Billingball? No, Mike. Oh, okay. I don't know. You ever see those guys
those lunch pail guys eating up on a girder up on the 88th floor of a skyscraper? No. That's Mike.
Guy goes up. He's building buildings. Hey, how's that Mike? He's a hard hat. I didn't really
have hard hat guys were into Werner Herzog. Weird thing is he doesn't even work up there. He goes
It just eats lunch up there.
Okay.
Strange.
Okay.
It's troubling.
I wanted to talk about Eurovision.
The Eurovision contest, which is like the, all the countries around Europe try to see
who the, it can win the contest.
Right.
I haven't made their name there.
Yes, they did.
They did.
Well, they were already well underway at that point.
They were already a super group.
True.
number one hits in Sweden mm-hmm so um Bjorn were both successful free to
head a solo career they came together that's a super group Abba right so I
was really upset because France didn't win I thought they had a really good
entry what song was it um it was called divine it was by this guy Sebastian
uh... tell yay john michael giaree
other time uh... john paul go to you did apparently do the commentary for
france
so what country one
uh... russia surprise surprise it was in eastern europe country
in russia
what's all what's on one
what uh... uh...
is a good believe it was an awful but
i mean i mean
no matter what it
an eastern european country is going to win
and what is that what is the fixes in
yeah uh... there
all the eastern european country they're voting for each other
and um...
sir terry wogan is not happy
he's not please hold on a minute
well what what terry wogan is what a talk joo's
well he's a guy who does a commentary for bbc
he got nighted
have a sir
and i really want to know it a bit like if uh... jimme kimmel was a night
yeah i think you have to be uh... uh...
british bern
it was also arthur treacher
uh... it might have been a night
yeah
the musical guy from uh... merve griffin show
i think that's so
um... yet so i guess it doesn't mean much
it doesn't mean much
so so basically the eurovision thing is over
and where were you watching this
um...
i downloaded it
yeah
but over there were uh... what's the equivalent of of of eurovision here
american i don't know
I don't think we have an equivalent in America to Eurovision. There's nothing like it. I mean, maybe a Las Vegas show, but nothing on TV.
Nothing on TV rivals the Padgentry of the Eurovision song contest. I might have to enter one of these things.
They're one of these things
I'm just not writing songs. You know actually yeah
I don't actually have to be from that country to perform for that country. Yeah, I'll just go to whatever country will have me
Yeah, sure. I'm putting this out on the radio right now
Hi, it's bitter in Europe
I will go to your country and write a hit song and we will win the Eurovision contest next year
Surely you can do better than Spain's entry this year
Oh, I don't even want to talk about it. It was really scary. I mean, it started out kind
of okay because this guy came out in like big Jarvis cocker glasses and he had a little
toy key tar, a keyboard guitar and it was tiny and he started playing twinkle twinkle
little star on it. But then it just got scary.
that was not it. That was not the scary part.
That was not the scary part. I don't even know words. There are no words for what happened.
You just have to look it up on YouTube.
Who's calling on this next line, Mike?
Mike does not have much faith. Lori, now I am intrigued.
a good night
you can go ahead and take that although thank you here thank you for letting me
do my show
how dare you
well i can take that
well jeepers thank you
fm you you're on the air
am i on the air
yes you're on the air
and this is how i come from the lower side of Manhattan yes what can i do for
you tyler
uh... yeah i was wondering if you could settle an argument between uh... me
my friend uh... what happened was i just bought a vintage nineteen thirty nine
and remington ran typewriter
and uh... old porter a camera and my friend says that
it's a stupid waste of money and it's not worth it but i say it how much did you
pay
uh... one fifty for the typewriter forty-five for the porter a camera will you
use them
yeah i plan to write uh...
like a novel and then it wasn't a waste of money
exactly when
Wow, that was me. I was dodging bullets on that one. I was ready. That one was, you were right though, Mike. That one was primed to go off the rails.
Yes, every quality, if that was a magic eight ball, all signs point to yes.
But yet, it wasn't.
stuff I want you all to know about. First of all, mandatory. This weekend. Stand up
comedy. You like stand up comedy? Yes. Paul F. Tomkins is live at comics with an X. Go
go see him live
what are you well well well let me check the dates on this
and i've actually made some inroads to getting my uh... stand-up career going
go to comics with an x and y
you can see uh...
Paul of Tomkins May 30th
and May 31st
he will be at comics
doing his special brand
of humor
funny jokes
stories
I guarantee it's gonna be great
got an article sent to me the other day actually today
by who that's right Mike
Mike sends me a link to an article from the New York Post.
I want to congratulate the proud people of Brooklyn for their latest triumph.
An article entitled Buckeneer Bust, a rabble-rowsing kickball player for a recreational team called
the pirates, was busted yesterday for brandishing a swashbuckler's sword in the middle of Macy's
Herald Square, and the post with their hilarious plays on words, bonehead, buccaneer, Lawrence
Jackson, who was charged with criminal possession of a weapon after he was spotted with the
sword on an up-escalator. He said he's carrying the sword for fun on the way
of the game. There's nothing more than a prop befitting his team's zany image.
He didn't think there was anything wrong with it said police officer Richard
Peron who responded after frightened shoppers called security. I think this
This guy is going to go through the store slashing them.
He thought it was a toy, but it's not a toy, it's sharp.
No, okay, it was not even going to talk about the pot.
There's also carrying a super-soaker, so this guy had a sword, weed, and a super-soaker.
When cops approached the kickball cooke, shortly after 4 p.m. he dropped a sword, which went
a loud clanking sound when it hit the floor, so they stopped in the shop and this story
guy walks in with a sword, so on his way to a kickball game, they said they've stopped
briefly in Macy's to shop for eyeglasses and were on their way to this weekly kickball
game in Brooklyn's McCarron Park. He plays for a team called Los Paritas,
Meccanichos, the robot pirates. The pirates were scheduled to play a team
called La Resistance. Other teams in the 33... The 33 Team League! 33? There's 33
teams in that kickball league
and i see these emails people send me these uh... these missives
sent by that uh... the uh... the league president
who i will i will recuse myself i know that guy
i will not talk about that on the air
yes he is from jersey
i will not talk about that
in any but it basically these emails where he sends things around
he thinks he's a bud ceiling
running a kickball league
the bud ceiling of kickball
co-captain of the uh... the kickball team uh...
hector kestilo
said the sword was just a dumb joke
Sounds like a dumb idea, but we're all family here.
We are planning a baby shower for his kid.
We're going to deck it out with pirate flags.
It's a kickball league.
Do you see these kick bowlers, Mike?
I have to eat those sides because I have to find them.
Oh, Mikey.
You see them because Mike plays in the park.
You're in what, a tetherball league?
Is that next tether ball?
Now you play, uh, I might play as baseball in the park.
You got this kickball league.
These guys run around in costumes.
You know what? Look, if they're having fun, knock yourselves out.
But you know what? You don't walk around with a sword!
There's enough weirdness out there, people see some guy walking out of the sword with
a super-soaker.
They probably think it's full of anthrax.
They don't know what's going on.
Leave the sword at home.
Guy walking around the sword and it's from a kickball league.
oh and he had weed on him too
and the turkeys nest bathroom
turkeys nest mccarron park
i'm glad i'm i'm i'm scared to go to mccarron park now
i got no this all this all going on there
this is it this is the scene there
it's okay to walk around
dressed as a pirate
with a sword and a uh... and a uh... super-soaker
but i'd go through with my sunglasses
and somehow i'm the punchline
got people's making fun of me
i'll show you all with my sunglasses i'll show you all
out dare you make fun of me
with my sunglasses
kickball league's making fun of me
here doing it every week doing it
do it and i do it and i do it
every week that show does it
set your watch to the show
talking all about Raiders of the Lost Ark 4. What's it called? Invitation to the
what? Invitation to fight. I can't even, I haven't sure what it's called. And I
I've got to Google this now.
Raiders the Lost Ark 4.
It's called Indiana Jones and the, hold on.
Indiana Jones and the what?
And the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull.
Look, the raid is all stark, one of my all time favorite movies.
i saw this thing when i was a kid
that was about as exciting as it got
you got this guy running around
fighting
bought dirty
got in the middle of the mixed it up
who tussle
throw punches
do whatever it took
some walks at it i like i like the excitement get the better of me
i says to uh... uh... jillian barberry
let's go to uh... the midnight show
on wednesday night
wednesday night
right when it opens
now i'm all fired up
not fired up enough to dress up like indiana jones
which point if people were
uh... doing at the show
wearing those hats
at the dumbest-looking hat ever
i'm telling how dot that hat there were a few people wearing that hat
walking around
there's a girl who looked like uh... carry underwood you knew that is
uh... a pretty young lady
she walked through the theater wearing that hat
she looked ridiculous
people walking around wearing those hats
everybody sits down
pretty crowded theater
they start showing the trailers
there's like eighty five trailers before the thing
you know i'm gonna say
mid-day we're seeing this at twelve oh five at night
nobody loves trailers as much as i do but you know what
things ended three in the morning now
three in the morning
showed the trailer for uh... the uh...
the curious case of uh... benjamin but
which i'm looking forward to
new david fincher movie
at the person aging backwards
people in the theater going
making fun of it
making fun of it
trust me six months from now y'all you'll all be seen in the theater
now the lights go down
movie time
it's time for indiana jones
and the kingdom
of the crystal skull
or as i call it
i j a t k o t c s
so anyway
now we're seeing the opening scene of i j
i j a t k o t c s
this is a good call it indiana call it indiana jones
i can't keep doing that
starts off like it's in the fifties now
and i'm gonna say i'm gonna talk about this movie now so if you don't want me
If you don't want it ruined
You might want to
Sit next to your radio and turn it turn the volume up and down
We'll be talking about for a little bit when I'm done. I'm done
Say no spoilers, you know what no spoilers this thing made $900 million everybody saw it already
If you didn't save you didn't want to see it
You didn't see it if you wanted to see it you saw it
the
with the car driving around
like hound dog was playing some Elvis song
in case anybody missed that it was the fifties
hound dog
then these bad guys rate a a military base like area fifty one
and they pull these two guys out of the trunk one is the fat guy
from uh...
i don't know what he's from
just the fat guy
the fat british guy
they pull him out
and he kept calling indiana jones uh... jonesy
which actually he looked like uh... steve jones
from the sex pistols
now in two thousand eight
like a fat british guy
hey joe jee
go jee
then they pull out
of the trunk
and they're there they're being very clever and not revealing him
indiana jones gets pulled out
you see the shadow
you see him reach to put the hat on his head
you like always back
and the camera turns and reveals him
and he looks so stupid
Opening shot. He looked so stupid. He's wearing these weird fifties pants. They were like weird. They looked so ill-fitting
Looked like he was being held together by the leather jacket that he wears
Pants were all bunched up
like uh... like they were right around his uh... mid-drift
then the opening action scene starts and he's running around getting chased
around the uh... warehouse
plenty of shots of uh...
that show him that show him you see his face as he climbed up a bunch of crates
also in the camera swings around
shown a guy where running a lot
from behind
go the hat on
and a jacket
also he's doing the stunts all from behind
throwing that whip
yeah they showed him whenever they showed him uh...
the face where you look at his face he could barely get the whip over his head
he was like doing like low whips in the movie
like trying to like couldn't get much
i was getting any momentum on the whip you're probably better of hitting
people with the handle of the whip
swinging around the handle
that Kate Blanchett
she's like some uh... russian uh... psychic villain
you see her there she's playing it like she's like uh... like uh... that's the
tasha on the rocky and bullwinkle
like uh...
worst russian accent ever
so i was ready for the little guy to show up for us
yes to be with that
moose and squirrel
that guy
went for him to show up
something she's uh... decked out of this uh... this is a very severe haircut
thinking okay well he's gonna make this campy she does nothing in the movie
they're watching Harrison Ford run around
hiding them. Every chance they can hide them, they're hiding them from you. Because this
guy is clearly falling apart as they're making this movie. In the other movies, he was active.
He was in the middle of it, fighting that dude with the airplane spinning around, bunt,
bunt, trading punches, bunt, bunt. This whole movie, he was like reacting to stuff. Like,
fall and they get launched on a jet like our little rocket train. Then he
ended up in a like a nuclear test zone. Climbed inside a refrigerator because he
realized it was about to blow up. They're about to drop the bomb. Do some
nuclear testing, atomic testing. So he climbs in the refrigerator in this like
this fantasy house, and it gets launched out of the mushroom cloud. The whole
movie was him just getting thrown in places. He didn't do anything. This guy's so old, running
around. Like if you took that opening scene in the other, in the one with the
The boulders chasing him that opening scene. You've seen that scene right Mike. That's good stuff
Nothing like that in this movie
They did that same scene when he had to go across the thing and the guy's like throw me the idol
I'll throw you your hemorrhoid donut
And there was so much CGI in it, it looked like a bad video game.
But still, I'm still into it now, I'm still cutting this movie, I'm cutting it a wide
birth. I'm still going, okay, all right. We'll see what happens here, okay. Not
gonna get off board yet. Then they introduce the character Shia LaBeouf. He
plays Mutt, who rolls in literally like like Marlon Brando in the wild one. Like
literally. It was like it was a like a look-alike contest. Like it was who can
dress up the most like Marlon Brando from the wild one. And they end up getting
into some fight in a mall chop. Yes, a mall chop. Cheapest looking set I've
ever seen. Looks like such a backlot soundstage, not soundstage, but like just the backlot
mall shop. 50s. This thing costs $180 million. They couldn't do any better than make it
look like a Mentos commercial. Still I'm cutting it away. I'm still not off board. I'm still
on
i did think that at this point
they also introduced a new character
this uh... black guy who all that's right there was no black guy in the movie
apparently uh...
black people were having some adventure somewhere else
as a white's only adventure
sand up basically he has to go to uh... he has to go to like uh... south america
i can't remember what you got a peru or something i can't remember
he's down there
is on his adventure with mutt
shayla boof
then all of a sudden before you know it
For the next hour, basically they fight, they get captured, they escape, they get captured
again, they escape, they get captured again, they escape, and they get captured again.
And now they pick up like these ragtag people like Karen Allen is back in the movie.
the first one is Shia LaBeouf's mom and then John Hurt is in it and the fat
British guys in it so basically now there's like seven people on this
adventure when did these movies turn into an ensemble well they think just
because Harrison Ford is in his 60s let's stretch it out you know what no
They're stretching it out. Everyone else is old except Shia LaBeouf. Oh, yeah. Oh, let's, uh, let's young this movie up a little bit.
Well, who should we get? Let's get John Hurt.
That'll make everybody happy. John Hurt put him in it.
And they're clearly marking time in this movie till the big action sequence.
But you know what?
I was trying so hard to give it the benefit of the doubt.
I couldn't do it.
It was all CGI'd out.
Camera moving.
Going down from here in the jungle all the way up in the air.
No camera can move like that.
Then Shiloh boofens up swinging around like Tarzan.
Literally. He's swinging from vine to vine.
Like Tarzan.
I'm still not done. I still have not. I've checked out. I know I'm gonna check out.
There's a month in ice. I still haven't checked out yet. This is how slow this
movie is. The exciting fight, half of it took place while they were avoiding a
a swarm of ants. That's right. Ants. Anything else? Anything else slower? We could worry
about mosquitoes maybe? Ants. So he's fighting some guy. Indiana Jones is fighting some guy
And they like a two by two strip of land while the ants are all around them like lava
And the other probably my problem with it first of all the movie is so passive
This whole thing ends up just being this is how the movie went if you haven't seen it. This is how it goes
They're in the jungle and they fall ah
And they all land somewhere
Then they look at some some some some old stuff
Then they fall again five minutes later
They land
Then they go look at more old stuff then all sudden
They fall again
And then they go off this waterfall you know what
I know they're not gonna I know they're not gonna die in the movie. I know that everyone in the audience knows no one's gonna die
But you want to know what they shouldn't know that they're not gonna die
They shouldn't know that they're gonna just live through everything. They're laughing it up like it's a party
They should be scared
No danger no sense of danger
Can't have a party. I'm gonna part of the going off this waterfall
Going off this waterfall was a 200 feet high 300 feet high. They're laughing like it like it's an amusement park
Now I'd say the last 45 minutes of this movie
Just insane
Clearly insane
There's one shot in it
Where I'm watching it now, it's two in the morning
That's right, two in the morning.
I have to work the next day.
I'm in this theater.
I could not help myself.
I said, don't do it.
Don't be what I think you're going to be.
And then it happened.
And it was what I was hoping it wasn't.
and then i gave the movie screen
the one gun salute
and i sat there just going
the bully
crystal skull and they're running out this crystal skull
like uh... like uh... uh... like uh...
like a Heisman trophy
just blocking holding this thing under their arms thing look like a football
like a crystal football
was a skull was a crystal skull
that's what the crystal skull was mike
it literally was a crystal skull
though it had special powers
Home movie was passive.
In the end of Jones, you go see these things.
He's usually the smart guy in these things.
He wasn't even the smartest guy on this one.
John Hurt was smarter.
Why am I seeing this?
I'm hanging out with the second smartest guy.
That's the guy I'm cheering for.
Second place.
The silver.
Silver.
Sentrum silver.
That's the only silver that was in this movie.
and
john hard look like you know that
like said he was supposed to be out of
for shame i say for shame
to you harris and for
for shame
stephen spielberg
and for shame
george lucus
bar shame
insane all three of them insane
for having a good time they had a good time making this movie they're the only
ones
and i have a good time to have a dog and uh... getting twenty million
the sleep walk through this thing
they clearly ran out of time they were clearly at a point they're like you know
what
we have half a story here
But the clocks don't go backwards.
This guy ain't getting any younger.
We got to shoot something.
So they film this thing.
You know what I say?
They should have rebooted the franchise.
Reboot.
They did it with James Bond.
If James Bond, with Sean Connery, as popular as that was,
if they were able to just say, you know what, we're starting over with the new guy.
Start over with this.
Get a young guy running around.
Lance Armstrong in the role.
But they decided to make it about that it's Harrison Ford as Indiana Jones reboot.
This guy doesn't want to do one of these things for 19 years.
You show them the door.
Tell them it was nice working with you.
We're going to keep going with somebody else.
Who's this?
new fm u east orange w x h d mato world wide on the world wide web at w f m u
dot o r g the phone number two oh one two oh nine nine three six eight
fm u you're on the air
hi this is matt u from guwanix and bookman
how are you matthew
i'm doing very well
i wanted to
uh... talk a little bit about this new dr jones adventure
if i could
let's hear what do you have to do that well uh... well what did you think of it
i thought it was completely amazing
indiana jones could just eyeball the skull
the crystal skull
when he's in that
date dimly lit cave
after pulling it out from that conquist adores mommy
and just know just by looking at it
that it clearly couldn't have been made with nineteen fifty seven-hour
technology
that's what he's a pretty good archaeologist
It doesn't mean any expensive equipment.
That's what bugged you.
That's what bugged you about the movie.
It was one of the things that hasn't already
been brought up yet.
I was doing my best.
OK, that's all right.
No, I'm not getting on you.
What was your number one complaint about it?
Number one complaint.
Well, boring, pointless.
Those were huge deals, I would say.
i mean
my most
nitpicky impersonal
it complaint
would be that
with all the money they put into it
they couldn't pay that uh...
arab guy sola
john restavies or whatever's name is just a show up for the wedding at the
very end
he's been in two out of three movies
nice enough guy he's not dead or unwelling to do it like chan connery was
didn't want to drop the coin to bring him in for the end
i guess i mean i can't imagine what you wanted
like a plane ticket maybe
uh... i've probably just want a hot sandwich
yeah that guy
probably give him some of vouchers for uh... boston market he'd be okay
i had i completely agreed
and that really need to like strong all these other new characters
they didn't i agree
FM you're on the air
hi this is mike from mama
mike from mama what can i do for you mike i'd like to make a complaint about
the indiana jones movie
oh i don't trust this go ahead mike
it's the uh... the cgi animals like the yes
over concentration on the the gopher and the monkeys monkeys
who wants that
i want that
what's that
i'd i'd just couldn't understand
none of the other movies had anything like that
who's saying that that's good
cg on monkeys
did anybody need that
make it real monkey
or maybe don't do that sequence
when did you see the movie
i thought it uh... there's a night
when they might know where you all ramped up we all excited
uh... i was i was looking
you know i figured it would be disappointing but
I had high hopes for it and it was exciting seeing it on the
you know at night with a bunch of people and
to see it but I was disappointed I couldn't believe what I was watching
after time. Was there anybody wearing Indiana Jones hat at your screening?
There was. There were some people that had the hats and some fake wits I think.
They should have arrested those people just like they arrested that kickball
slob walking out the sword. What's the difference? I would arrest
did anybody walk if I was a theater manager people walk in with a whip
you're under arrest. I know some guys gonna start whipping the audience. I mean
the end of Jones. I mean the end of Jones. You're all Nazis.
Got a whip in the screen to shreds I
Don't know what's going on it's a weapon. Let's some guy in with a whip
What that mean I go to dirty Harry I could walk in with a 44 Magnum. Yeah, I'm like dirty Harry
I go what I go see Cadillac man I could walk with a bomb strapped to my chest
People show up with these weapons.
These are weapons.
A kickball guy.
Still can't get past that.
It's a sword.
A guy walking out of the sword.
What is it?
What is it?
Kate and Leopold?
You came from the past?
See the man of La Mancha?
around New York with a sword? Sick. Where do I get a refund on this Indiana
judge? And I lowered my expectation. Don't think I went in thinking, this is
gonna be so great. I went in ready to be disappointed. I was so ready to be
bummed out by this thing and they found another gear somehow. They found a way
to disappoint me that I could have never accounted for. 201-209-9368. Yes it does
end with a wedding. It's very exciting. It's a very thrilling wedding and then
When they thread through the possibility the child of the booth will pick up where Indiana
Jones left off, not so fast kid, like his hat blows off the hat stand.
First of all, what church is this as a hat rack by the front door?
That's what I was doing. I go to 10 AM mass. I go in. I hang my hat on the hat rack as
soon as I walk in. Sick. FMU, you're on the air.
Hi. I had only one complaint about the new Indiana Jaws movie.
Well, what's that? Well, first of all, what's your name, young man?
Peter.
Peter, where are you calling from?
over in green point green point
what was your complaint peter
not enough short-round
you want a short-round back
score not enough short-round there was no short-round in it no short-round
really big short-round band
not a huge one though you hate asians or something
like sees old-timey uh... stereotypes
I don't condone that type of perspective on any minority.
Thank you, Peter.
You're very progressive.
Have a good night.
You ever see the kickball leagues?
You know, I've walked by McCarran Park before and I've seen, yes, the kickball leagues.
I have.
It's not something I partake in myself.
the other great thing is that these guys are tying up
miles of this park
and you know who's not getting a chance to play kickball
children
children yes you're a children cannot use the park
because there's thirty three teams in this league
tying up the entire park playing kickball
my friend like to play basketball with kids over in the other court
Yeah, hey kids. This is kickball. This is not a get off the field kid. We're trying to play kickball here
Sick, it is a sick world
Permits
That have permits for it to play kickball
What's next I'm gonna go this thing people gonna be reading stories to each other
Rock-a-bye, baby
That the new thing in McCarran Park
Set of cradles. FMU, you're on the air.
Yes, Tom. I had a question for you on the latest topic.
Oh, what's your name? My name's Sam.
Sam, where are you calling from?
Fairlawn, New Jersey. From where? Fairlawn.
Fairlawn. Very fancy area of the state.
Yeah, you've been? I tried to go in. They wouldn't let me in.
Oh, okay. Good. Oh, good. You know, you get off my phone. Good. You snob.
It's a cold one of your snob shows. We're slobs here. Good. I'm working hard.
It's a hard hat show. Doing the show for the hard hats. The guy's up on the girder.
As we're in welding goggles, that's who this show's aimed at.
Show's not aimed at egg heads.
FMU, you're on the air.
Howdy, how you doing?
Doing okay, who's this? This is Joey from Wisconsin.
What can I do for you, Joey? Hey, I've got a comment about the Indiana Jones.
Is it too late to comment on that? No, it's not.
part
i love how they go into the aliens to do the whole alien thing yes the big
let me just say one thing let me just say one thing
that's that's the thing for everybody
it's aliens
the crystal skull is an alien skull
and yeah alien
i love it
but then
okay so they see the whole alien thing they get into it
they see the big spaceship takes off and of course it's a
you know one of those uh...
flying saucers yeah and that's that's when i had had enough
I was trying to be discreet, but yes, that's what did it for me when the flying saucer took off
And then they're just like all right forget it. Let's just all right. That was an alien
Yeah, no, what we're gonna do nobody was like shaking with with shock
With what they had just seen
Well, what else will come of this or whatever. Yeah, yeah aliens. Oh, it's archaeology things who cares, you know, let's go get married
And a second thing to add to that, then they go and Shayla Booth goes, where have you been
on my life, Indiana Jones?
You're my dad.
And he just has his coy smile and is like, you know, I'm an archaeologist and everybody
laughs and that's that.
He says ruining everything.
But he said dead.
He was a deadbeat dead.
Okay.
I skipped that.
Right.
The Shia LaBeouf was his son.
As if you didn't see that coming from 10 miles away.
Yeah.
Yeah, he was a deadbeat dead
That's charming
Gotta skip down on this entire his entire childhood
FM you you're on the air hi Tom. Hi, who's this Emma from Toronto Emma from Toronto. There's a top-notch cuz it's part of the new regime
I was so afraid of the new region. No
Oh, the new regime is aimed at people like you.
Oh, that's very nice.
Quality callers.
Oh, thank you.
I don't feel like a quality caller.
I was just super awkward at Mike.
Well, how are you doing?
Are you recovered from your spill
that you took a couple weeks ago?
Yes, thank you.
I'm feeling much better.
How are you?
I'm OK.
That's good.
Very polite.
It's I'm Canadian.
It just happens.
Yes.
So did you see the movie Indiana Jones, and did it make it up to Canada yet?
It's not quite here, I didn't get the chance.
No, I was actually, I was calling about not the Indiana Jones thing, which I apologize
for, but the kickball thing?
Yes.
A couple weeks ago, you were sort of talking a little bit about moving the show up to Canada?
Yes.
And I just wanted to kind of point out, I've never seen a kickball league in Toronto.
And I think that might be, you know, another person's kind of...
That sounds good.
I thought I might put that in.
You're making a good presentation for luring this show away from the United States.
You've never seen a kickball league.
I've literally not even a children's kickball league, actually.
I think we just don't have a lot of kickball up here.
But, you know...
But conversely, if you wanted to get a veggie dog on the streets of Toronto, could you?
you oh yeah everywhere yeah can you say the same about New York no that's why
not I can't you yeah no one want you to have a veggie dog it's the same filth
water can't just drop a couple of veggie dogs in it exactly I I agree with you
completely Emma you're making this very enticing well also I figured you made a
Rocky and Bullwinkle reference earlier like you know the culture you know what's going on in Canada
You could just come up here and like teach those CBC guys a thing or two
You know the only thing you know the the the the Mike Myers thing. Do you just own him? Oh, totally. Oh, really?
He's barely from here. Wow
I think I might have to make the move. I think live from Toronto
from the top of the CBC Tower. It's not really a tower, it's like a three-four
building. From the revolving restaurant. That's in the CN Tower. The CN Tower. Live
from the revolving restaurant at the CN Tower. It's the best show. That would be,
I don't know if you could do it from the restaurant because everybody's very
quiet up there, like it's weird. That revolving restaurant is actually like
Eerie because it's really expensive and they're always like just these people dress up really nicely
And then these other like tourist guys who wander around trying to look at the revolving restaurant
It's like this weird. I can't even explain it like this completely separate universe. It's just slowly
Going around while all this like cheesy
weird touristy stuff is going on sort of like
inside of it
Like the rich people get to sit there and watch like the common people in their like Canadian flag t-shirts
Taking pictures. Where would I broadcast the show from then? I guess you would do it from the third floor of the CBC
Live from the much music studios
Oh dear
You could do it from much music, but live from young Street
Right yeah, exactly
You could probably you could you'd probably have more luck doing it from like the much music building than you would from the CBC
Building because they're also like now that I think of it everywhere that they do things in Toronto like
the revolving restaurant like I just said or the CBC of the sea building everything is very quiet and
You know you like to yell sometimes Emma. This is what I'm gonna do say to you. Yeah
I'm sending you on a reconnaissance mission. You get me some locations. I'm ready to
pull the trigger on this. Okay. I'm I'm very. Mike is not allowed to cross the
border though. Is that a problem? It might be although although weren't you
looking to maybe get a new call? Yes I was. Is there anybody up there who'd be
good? I could I could find someone for that as well. Paycheck. Exactly. You know
paycheck. I don't. If I ever meet someone named paycheck though I'll let you know.
Name's not really paycheck. I figured as much. All right Emma thank you.
Thank you Tom. Very polite. Have a good night. FMU you're on the air. Hi Tom this is Sam.
Sam calling from? Sarah Long. What can I do for you Sam? I wanted to know if there was going to be another
another listener party this summer like that but you know the one that was at
the on monkey last summer have you shown up at listener parties I did last year
yes did I meet you yes I shook your hand did we get along yeah I think yes you're
all right Sam okay yeah you think you're hot stuff just because you're from fair
lawn no joking well let that slide okay you want to know what will there be
Another listener party? Yes. Okay. Very good. Is there a set date yet or are there any
set dates? No. Okay. So I'll just keep my keep your calendar wide open. I do not commit
to anything at any point. Okay. Okay. Good night, Sam. Good night. FMU, you're on the
Hey Tom, how you doing?
Doing alright, who's this?
This is Ramsey in Greenpoint.
Ramsey, how are you Ramsey?
I'm doing alright.
Congratulations.
Oh, thank you.
I'm under launching.
Yes.
Of your exciting new website.
I've launched a website.
It's a famous blog.
It is.
Do you want to promote it?
Oh, I suppose so.
It's Ramsey ESS.com.
R-A-M.
S-E-Y.
S-E-Y.
e s s e s s dot com
there's not much up yet just some stuff that i wrote but
good stuff i took it i took a look
cool
leave some comments friends of time though
uh... i will
so what can i do for you that ramsi
i had a uh... comment about the indiana jones movie
did you see it
i did see it and i was very excited about it
bam blah blah blah. Precisely, exactly right. I wanted to share there was, I gave it a
little bit longer, it let you, it sounds like just slightly longer than you, but there is
one line in particular that just killed it for me. What was that? It was, it was after,
it's like the resolution line
where indy said something like uh...
they make back my web
just just before that
he said something to the effect of
that their treasure wasn't gold
it was knowledge knowledge was their treasure that's right
oh boy that would stay in school kids
yeah exactly what's the third say a school or i'll whip you
Don't give hat that like beads at the unemployment line.
This guy, he was so old,
you're thinking he saw that Crystal Skull
would go on his lawn, he'd yell at the kids in the neighborhood.
I'm keeping this Crystal Skull.
He needs the staff of law as a walker at this point.
Touche.
Not really, but thank you.
You want to know what I say to you, Ramsey?
What's that?
You're everything that your friend isn't.
Well, the tweet.
that said
do you hang out with him james
uh... there's
simply moved
there's quite a bit of distance between us but
i tried to hear in there
isn't it is he said
when you hear him make those calls
you're embarrassed aren't you
i'll be all
yeah no uh... there's a certain point
i don't know there is a certain
I know that guy for a brief moment and then and you know, I know that guy. Yeah, it turns into that. Yeah
But the worst is when it's a it's an alias when it's Elmer from
New Jersey, and I know it's not Elmer and you could hear it in his you you recognize his voice
Don't you I do and you're just like don't do this
Don't do this get to the name. Don't don't give the fake name
Not anymore. No, not anymore. There were there were a few. Yeah
He's sick. I need help. I'm working on the biography. That should be the biography of James. Yep
Can't wait to hear him. I'll do a discography of all those different calls and so forth
ramsi you are a quality caller i tip my hat to you you're everything the james a.k.a.
jeremy is not well thank you sir ramses.com checking out have a good night youtube another
thing everybody should check out paul f top kids at comics in new york city may 30th and
31st. That's Friday and Saturday. It's going to be hot stuff. 101 laughs. 101. A hundred and one
laughs. A hundred, a thousand and one. FMU, you're on the air. Hi Tom. Oh, hi. Who's this? This is Laura. Laura
from? Rich one. How are you tonight? Good, how are you? Doing okay? So you're talking
about Indiana Jones, but I thought maybe you'd want to talk about another equally important
movie. What's that? Sex and the city. Are you excited about it? Yeah, but I thought
it already opened because I was so excited, so it's kind of disappointed. No, it's this
Friday. Yes, and I was wondering if you're interested in going.
with you? Yeah. Well, I don't know about that. Do you have plans or any for this?
To see it? Yeah, I leave outfit you're gonna wear and you don't bring your
cosmo with you. Stuff like that. Yes, I'm going to bring my cosmo to the theater.
Well, you know, well, are you gonna drink soda? Well, being that it's a movie
theater, yes. I did see this. The best thing in that Indiana Jones was this. I
saw kid walk in mm-hmm these five guys walked in together clearly none of them
had ever had a date ever one guy in flip-flops that he sits in front of the
handicap railing he kicks his flip-flops off and is putting his bare feet
against the railing and then his friend goes where's my sandwich I think a
And I'm telling you, this guy reaches in his pants, pulls out a giant soda that they were
not selling at this theater, and then pulls out a giant sub-sandwich.
And I said, you know what, I tip my hat to you, you snuck in a giant sub-sandwich to
a movie.
Yeah, I mean that's just one sandwich though.
So what are your plans for the Sex and the City movie?
I don't know, I thought maybe you know, get a little tipsy first and go and continue.
Cry, laugh, sharing the joy and the pain.
You get to see your friends again, right?
Yeah, but I think they've aged a little.
I'm going to act cool about it, you know, like I don't know this.
You know what the thing is, I'm wondering how they're going to do each reveal of each
character.
Like, you know they're all going to get big reveals?
Mm-hmm. Well, I've read every article available on it. Okay, so you pretty much are on a mission to drain any any any sort of
Revelation from the movie you want to know everything about it before it happens. It's mostly about seeing the outfit changes
You can't wait for that. Can you?
There's 80 outfits changed in the movie 80 just for Carrie. This doesn't include hold on 80. Yeah, 80
She changed. No, you're making that up. Oh, I swear to God. I
Read it in a and where I think it was actually scary magazine scary magazine in your head magazine
No, it was either the Sunday poster vote. I'm getting them confused now. Okay. The Sunday post. Yeah
Really like to spread out there read the Sunday post
No, how long is that?
As long as that's four minutes
Did you do the Sunday post crossword puzzle?
I don't do crossword puzzle.
Sunday post.
You know what?
I'd rather read the Sunday post than the Sunday times.
What am I supposed to sit around for seven hours?
Read a newspaper?
What else are you going to do on a Sunday?
Like anything else?
I enjoy the times.
It makes me feel like I'm smarter than I am.
And what is your name again, Madam?
Laura.
Laura, I've got to say this right now.
Okay.
please yeah keep calling I'm telling you I'm not kidding at all you have what it
takes really yes you're regular we'll see how you do see this is like a trial
yes it is a trial what am I supposed to hand you the keys I mean you know I want
some kind of promissory note here you get nothing you get nothing you earn it
How dare you have them. You're on the air. What's up, Tom? How you doing? Doing all right. Who's this?
This is Christopher from Cranston, Rhode Island. How are things in Cranston, Rhode Island tonight?
Angry? Close to the angriest city in the Northeast. Why do you say that anyway? Do you have any experience here?
Yes, it's an angry city
It's an angry state. I you know, I would tend to agree. Providence is angry
absolutely
About what?
Lord knows they want to be Boston
Probably the fat truth, which is depressing in its own way
If only we were Boston I
Got a beef with Indiana Jones. Okay. Well, what's your beef Christopher? Well, I went to go see yesterday
And, um, oof, boring, but what really irritated me was how the movie just completely disregarded
any laws of the physical world whatsoever, like, I'm not sure how, how much weight there
is to the, you know, the middle of crystal, you know, that crystal skull, it's sizable,
They're tossing it back and forth like a Nerf football.
That's true.
You know, at least act like it has some substance to it.
Yeah.
You know?
I hear you.
And, you know, maybe like going over the waterfall.
I'm saying.
You know, at least in Temple Doom when they cut the rope bridge,
you know, he got slammed against the side of the mountain.
It looked like there were some struggle climbing back up.
you know yeah this movie they were just laughing having a good old time
they went off that waterfall
then and then also it was like nobody was scared
it's like wooooaaaaaaaah
and also in the next shot as them just walking out of the water
do-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d
like they it like they went by waiting
yeah
it uh.. thumbs down for me i gotta say
who liked this thing
uh... probably the investors
yes i'm sure they did
thank you christopher
have a good evening for you to
one more call and we got to get uh... target what's up most
fm you you're on the air
i don't know right who's this
i was a spoonie in Brooklyn
spony with the moustache
yes the moustache
has got a good moustache
i never would have thought i got with a crazy moustache would be from brokle
that's what you know you don't do that i was taking it back
where where where bird
someone bird watching for moustaches in brokle and this would be
fifty points on the uh... and that she
on the monley uh...
weird death uh... death race two thousand
get a guy with a moustache
what did i do for you spony
well i also thought indiana jones and uh...
simple crystal skull
and
it was really bad
terrible
you know first i was i was kind of into it that i was going to be like a
fifty-time piece
indiana jones is really going to interact with the time
and i would you know that you look at the port the post-world war two
paranoid
the fifty science fiction send up you know he's going to get involved with
that but
it was a courtiest representation of the nineteen fifty that ever seen
made happy days like edgy
yet into our school could make american graffiti
no one will qualify to do that
exactly here this is the guy who uh...
first we grew up then
actually sought with his own eyes
but then he's doing this thing it was like uh...
was like i kept expecting it was it was like i kept affecting biff from uh...
from uh... back to the future to walk in
McFly, McFly, I was waiting for that.
Yeah, that's when Indiana Jones
invents the skateboard, takes off across the town square
to escape that brawl between the snowshoes
and the greasers at that diner.
Yes, that fight,
because they were, there was a fight in a mall shop.
And they all started snapping fingers at each other.
A fight in a mall, was there even mall shops?
Did that even exist ever mall shops?
That sounds like such a conceit.
I think I saw one at a mall once.
Like how much?
It's all in the 50s, right?
It's Johnny Rockets.
You're thinking of.
Oh, oh.
There's probably more Johnny Rockets now than there was mall shops then.
Yeah, they all had buddy Holly and Elvis on the jukebox.
You know, I remember when we were the kid we had that American graffiti soundtrack,
I was going to listen to all the time.
Yeah.
And the best you could have pulled out of the bin with Elvis.
Can you imagine how fat people would have, see how fat people are now?
imagine if there are mulch shops all over the place how fat they'd be
their letter jacket stretch tops over their guts
spony you're tired you're you're top notch
tonight we're seeing a new what we're seeing the the the the fruits of the
new regime
you know what
amma what benefits from a new regime
the fact that we clean house on the super collars yet that hurt
those guys are not happy about that
the fact that i don't have a buster
i'm not gonna throw them under the bus at all but the fact that they've had
their uh... their uh... stripes ripped from the uniforms
well
had a lot of the message was sent
and the message was received
spony
emma
was there was a woman's name mike
laura
we got some new blood
we got new blood
thank you spony
thanks i'm good at
good guy
new blood
The show's back!
It always reinvents itself.
You know how many people have cycled through this show?
They think that this is the show?
They think that they're the show.
How many people have cycled through?
Kid Kansas.
There's a guy Kid Kansas who used to call.
I'm sure that guy thought he was the show.
He's gone.
Who else?
Radman. I saw somebody put that up online.
There was that guy Radman. He thought he was the show.
He thought he was FMU at one point. He's gone. Still here.
Who?
Fish. Oh yeah, that guy.
That guy? He's gone. Yeah, the fish guy.
The cooke. Yeah.
the leader remember that guy the leader he's gone he thought he was the show at a
point Stevie blue came and went chocolate covered kisses I like that song though
I do like that song I think it's a hit and Stevie blue if you're listening Mike
Mike was bragging about an industry connection that he made.
So if you're looking for somebody to help you make it, Mike.
I think it's mike.com is his website.
Yes, I will die at his hands.
By his hand.
I hope everybody had a good holiday.
Memorization day.
Sidney Pollack passed away.
Good guy.
seems like a good guy although in that Stanley Kubrick movie I didn't need to
see him shirtless didn't need to see him shirtless
well you see a guy like that with it with that career and you got to say to
yourself. Career-wise, if you could trade places with that guy, boom, you'd do it.
You'd have that career, but on the other hand, there's people out there who you
would never trade places with.
Who would you not trade places with, Mike?
Think about that.
Because it's the next topic!
201-209-9368.
Who would you trade places with?
Who would you never trade places with?
I'm yelling too much tonight.
you know I wouldn't trade places with that guy Spencer
Heidi and Spencer
I see these pictures of them I guess that's from the hills
like Heidi and Spencer
they and they're all fake they're all the most staged pictures you've ever seen
on Easter and Heidi's got these Easter bunny ears on
like them in the park that's them in a Dodgers game
,
the guy looks like he's that
he's already dead inside
like at what it was what is the end game for a Spencer
of Heidi and Spencer fame
FMU, doing okay.
Call the other now.
You're not on the air, champ.
Call the old number.
The new number.
You're calling the old number.
Call the new number.
They want me to have a conversation.
Somebody's outside the door downstairs.
I would ask Mike to go check it out, but I don't want to.
I don't need a new cooler.
Mike still has that cooler.
Do you use that cooler?
It's like a horror movie.
The cooler.
It's like a possessed cooler.
So the topic, who would you trade places with or who would you never trade places with
201, 209, 9368, career-wise, Sidney Pollock, you got to take that deal, guys an actor,
as director, seemed like he was having a lot of fun, got to make great movies, made some
okay movies
some not so good movies
but he was in it
he was in it
but that guy Spencer that's fame
having to go around pretending to be a uh... famous
at a Dodgers game
just knowing that there's you have nothing to offer
Can you do me a favor, Mike? Can you check the door and see who it is? Thank you. FMU,
you're on the air. Hey, Tom, how's it going? I'm going to schmuck the call the other line
before. That's all right. What's your name? Good to welcome, I called you guys. So what's
What's your name young man?
I'm John.
John from Brooklyn.
What part of Brooklyn?
The 718 Park Slope.
Very fancy.
You know, I've been here for a while.
I got in early on.
I got to save life department and I don't think I'm going.
I can't afford to go anywhere at this point.
So what do you got?
What do you got?
Lou Gehrig.
Yes?
I don't think I'd trade places with him.
You would not trade places with Lou Gehrig.
i don't think so i mean he had a nice career to yankee and you know he's
going to be immortalized and all that stuff but
and i i don't think that you're a place
fair enough
who would you take places with
who would i take places with yes
who would i take places with
you know
first clean is not a bad thing going on
you would trade places with george cloney
i have a feeling he he kind of does what he wants to do and he's okay with
and I think I'd be okay with that as well.
John?
Yeah.
You got us off to the right start.
Thank you.
Have a good night, John.
You too.
Watching Mike at the door.
He's talking to someone.
It's very exciting.
FMU, you're on the air.
Oh, hello.
Am I on the right phone for online?
Yes.
On the air?
You did it.
I'm sorry, yeah.
Oh, thanks.
Don't apologize, you did it.
oh great great okay
uh... i just i also haven't called in a long time so uh... what about what your
name sir
uh... my name is Roy
roy where you're calling from
uh... parkman hadn't
okay what can i do for you tonight roy you got some for the topic
which is who would you switch places with who do you trade places with or who
would you
never trade places with
uh... a person i would trade places with is uh... the comedian louis ck
you would
i'm uh...
i think he's pretty great and i'm a big fan and
so somebody making a great career out of having a really original funny voice
that's cool
yes
and uh...
very funny
not as funny
dare i say
yes i dare say
not as funny as paul of tomkins
you can tell them i'm i'm very excited about seeing him this weekend
are you going to see him live
oh yeah absolutely that's that's a treat i mean you get you can go see paul of
thompkins when he comes through town he doesn't come to town enough i don't
think no he doesn't
so i'm very proud about that can be a comics on friday and saturday
it's very exciting
yeah it's very exciting
can i offer somebody whom i would not uh... trade places with or
uh... it's somebody who uh... currently resides in your hate pit uh...
kevin smith
yes i would not trade places with that guy
Hold on a second. We've got a technical problem too.
This is a great call. Thank you so much.
Thank you, sir.
I wish I could keep going with this.
You know what, stay on line for it. Don't go anywhere.
I'm going to pot you down.
You
All right, technical problems being sorted out left and right.
Oh, fantastic.
So Kevin Smith, you would not trade places with.
Yeah.
And why would you not trade places with them?
Well, you know, by a lot of accounts, he's a successful filmmaker, but I just don't...
I wouldn't want to write what he writes, I guess.
You wouldn't want that junk attributed to you.
Exactly. Yeah, exactly.
I agree with you.
And sort of, I wouldn't want to be polluting myself into thinking it's good, I suppose.
Yeah.
That's a good point. I agree with you. 1,000%.
Thank you for the call, young man.
thank you sir have a good night
fm you you're on the air
fm you you're on the air
i thought it's a mirror in florida
some here in florida
how are you some here
i'm doing okay thanks how about you
doing okay myself
good uh... my something for the topic if i may
what is it
uh... who
would you some year
trade places with or not trade places with
Well, my not trade places with sort of stems from what you said about Spencer,
mind a bit more broad, it's anyone who's famous for having a famous parent.
And you know, all these celebrities whose primary achievement is just that
they have a famous parent and that's what they've used to become famous,
like the Osborne kids, although I believe one Osborne kid didn't go on that TV show
and is still has her privacy.
Yes, there was she didn't want to take that in that there was one daughter who wanted nothing to do with it
Yeah, I respect that but then the other kid who have tried to use that took further their own careers and
The Hogan children. Oh, I like them though. Oh, you do? Yeah
Even even the Sun. I think he's cool. I
Don't know man. He he's going to some legal trouble now. He's a creep. He's in jail right now, right?
Yeah, you know what, he's a monster, Hulk Hogan, nice job, Hulkster, nice job, looking after
the brood, you bald creep, got too busy grooming that dumb guy, he's too busy dying his handlebar
mustache.
How do you do that, what does this guy put plastic all around his mouth so that he can
that thing blonde after watching american gladiators with subtitles so i can capture every great
little interview he does in between the events the hulkster can you believe that that guy was
like a hero to children yeah 20 25 years ago he kids do steroids exactly be like me
can't stand that guy those weird shiny muscles that only steroids get you it just looks so
Not normal.
They look like water balloons.
Yeah.
Like, like, weird, like, weird, like, tan water balloons.
Yeah, I don't know how kids, but, like, today, how kids today would ever, like, what they
would see in him and look up to him, especially now he's only just that guy who has the TV
show and his interviews people in between American gladiators.
Yeah, insightful interviewing, too.
Yeah.
he's a new jack car
i heard he's taking the place of uh... of uh...
konaro brian
that they're thinking they're not going to do jimmy phalan
they're going to let hulk hogan do it
i would i would probably watch that one
can't stand that guy
uh... his his improv and his monologues probably wouldn't be uh...
wouldn't be a best
you know i hate it i hate that he thinks he's hilarious too
like he thinks he's he thinks people are interested in in that it is
well i'm kind of funny and i'm kind of like you're kind of nothing
you're kind of just like
you're a weird eighties uh... relic
yeah hogan
became up here i'd punch him in the face
i'm not scared of them to i'm not i'm not just talking tough
just for the sake of it i'm not hiding here
tell you right now
hulk hogan if you're out there listening you want to come up here
I'll pop you right in the face.
I'll lay you cold with one punch.
All right, that, I would watch that.
I think you're good.
And remember when he dropped Richard Belzer on his head,
him and Mr. T?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
If you search on YouTube, that is one of the,
that's one of those things where it's, look,
couldn't have happened to a nicer guy, Richard Belzer.
One of those things where no one wins and everyone loses
you're okay with that. Mr. T and Hulk Hogan and Richard Bells are all losing.
Again, AT's there. Because Richard Bells are had the nerve to call wrestling fake. So
Hulk Hogan with some weird, some weird indignation that he was protecting the integrity of wrestling,
Like two years later legally was declared entertainment and not a sport
Yeah, so we put a guy in the hospital. Yeah, it's a prove-a-point. I'm telling you Hulk Hogan. You come up here. I'll drop you
Boom, and now you know what I'll do I'll rip that mustache off his face
Yeah, yeah, you could sell it make a bit of money
Now you know I'll make a meet it make a meet his own mustache
Thank you, Samir. I can't keep continuing with this.
It's his fault. Somehow it's Samir's fault.
FMU, you're on the air.
Tom? Yes.
This is the artist formerly known as the super color paycheck.
Stripped of your stars.
Stripped.
Your stripes, torn off your sleeve.
You know I never thought I was that good anyway you Erica no but you have one
other thing going for you that those guys don't have that dad dad dad dad what
was the name Dan from Knoxville yes I can't even remember anymore so it's
Dave Dave from Knoxville up to I'm teasing Dave I just wanted to know I
know who you are I'm totally teasing so so horrible Dan for like I can't
remember his name to the midst of time it's hard to but you were caller of the
year that's right yeah so to an eyeball to what do i do it to to what what do I
owe the pleasure of this call paycheck I gotta I gotta call in turn to my
badge and gun right no no so first of all are you excited about Emma yeah
Yeah, there's the new breed.
Yes.
The new crop in Toronto.
I'm all for it.
Where would you say I should do the show from if and when I relocate the show to Toronto?
Hmm.
Where would it be?
I'm trying to think.
Maybe just like right in the middle of the sky dome.
Right in the middle of it.
Just a little studio on the field.
Huh.
I like that.
I'm thinking about doing it.
I've had enough of the states.
You gonna go for that immigration?
Yes.
Loonies and tunies. I'm ready.
Well, you know what, you're more than welcome, Tom.
You're more than welcome.
Hot dogs on the street, veggie dogs on the street.
That's right.
What else do you have?
Tim Hortons.
Did I mention Tim Hortons, yes.
did i mention hot dogs on the street veggie dogs on the street
you've got uh...
bernake ladies
kim mitchell
you've got rush
not a huge rush
sorry to say i've tried
that's one that's one of the con that's one of the uh... it is one of the cons
i've tried
splint people love rush you loves rush
ted leo
really i love them
couldn't do it
couldn't do it
it's a progressive kind of guy
yes
if i want to come and i had to change places tom
i want to change places somewhere
whoa whoa who do you want to change places with
i would change places
with the base player
from a c d c
because it's the easiest job ever that's got to be the easiest gig
you've never written a song
show up
play for it
eighty thousand people
and what's his name
uh... i think what williams
but that there's a few of them but he's the kind of the mainstay i believe
so cliff williams
pretty good gig a yes
to do to basically be the the base player for
a c d c
you've got two amazing guitar players up front kind of hold
kinda stay in the back
what do you what do you think would be easier playing base for a c d c or
playing base for van halen
well then hailing your job is always seeming you know seems like it's always
hanging the balance
that's true
uh... stressful
get replaced by the uh... boss's son
you imagine that i call yes uh... my kids gonna do it this tour so don't worry
back
you want to know i don't even think there was a call
i think i found out about it online
michael and he's probably the library checking his email
we're playing this this tour of uh... i guess no one called me
We're doing it. I can't wait. What? Oh, no, maybe there's an awkward phone call. He actually called Eddie. Like cool, man. When do I show up?
Yeah, Wolfgang. What? No.
Yeah, I think I think the AC DC gig is is a solid, a solid bet.
Yes, because you also have the second guitar, too. Yeah, you don't even have to hold it down with it when Eddie Van Halen's doing all that dumb garbage that he does.
Right.
That people mistake for good guitar playing.
yeah
uh...
cover up around that junk
with uh... with a cd c no one's going off on those uh... those flights of
horror
you're just uh... you're uh... you know checking in you you were you punch in
you punch out that
i gotta say
paycheck yes sir
you've proven why your caller of the year
well i might go for two thousand eight to i might be uh... might be uh...
was that uh... and defend the championship
yes we'll see you go to a two-for-two we'll see
just like the blue jade tom
two in a row just like a blue jade
it's plenty of hot collars out there though now it's very true i got a i got a
pick it up
steve from west hollywood
Guys are stepping it up.
I know, I gotta step it up too.
You know what I like?
The fact that you're still hungry.
That's right, stay hungry.
Who is that, Twister's sister?
That was Twister's sister.
I'm gonna Twister's sister, Tom.
I'm gonna stay hungry.
Thank you. No wait.
Paycheck, thank you.
Thanks, Tom.
You have a good night.
You too.
If I'm you, you're on the air.
Hey, Tom.
Kenny, I'm a park sloped on that work.
Grand Central area.
Okay.
Manhattan.
All right.
I might be able to fix you up with my company that I work for that I'm headquartered in Toronto
Really? Yes
This is a this is the America. This is the New York branch
Law firm so you can put me at that you can get me some some office space, maybe
That's a possibility. They got they got like 300 lawyers up there. They must be like good, you know
They just got to be an empty office somewhere up there
I'm aware of it Wellington Street or something someplace like that if I've never been to the Toronto branch
I like it. They just keep me down here. I like under. I'm an underachiever here. That's what it's going on here
Me all on this guys are driving me nuts. I'm an office lackey. Oh, hold on. Okay. Thanks for calling
You want
Go up to the third floor
Ugh. I'm letting them in. This guy show up at 6 o'clock. FMU, you're on the air. Hi, Tom.
Hi, who's this? This is Brian. Brian from? Columbus, Ohio. That's right. How are you, Brian?
Very well. How are you doing? No, okay.
Alright, well I got one for the topic if that's still going on.
The topic which is?
Someone that I would not trade places with, and someone that I would trade places with.
Who would you trade places with?
Um, well actually, do we have to do both?
You do whatever you want, Brian.
Because I had someone that I would not trade places with, which is who is Bill Buckner.
The Red Sox first baseman?
Yeah, I mean by all accounts, Guy had a great career. He was a great player for a couple of decades, but the only thing anyone ever remembers him for is that one error he made in the 86 series, and from what I can tell, he pretty much got to run out of Boston because of that.
i don't think you got right i think you kept playing for ball i don't think he
i think there's a little misconception with that
that was not his final year with uh... the red socks i don't believe
um... yeah that that i don't know i wouldn't want to have been that dimwit
who uh... on the uh...
cubs fan
like that kid who uh... touch the ball
in the stands steve bartman
would not have wanted to have been him
i could definitely be misremembering on on bill buckner because it's been a
while ago but
i just remember the guy getting a lot of grief over yes
you know one untimely error when he was
you know a good player otherwise yeah
so hard you know what though
you get paid the big bucks
as a risky take
and you don't think i'm living that
you don't think i'm you know what i'm not living i'm here doing it for free
all i get his grief
all i get his grief
not for me you don't know thank you brian your top notch
fm you you're on the air
oh hello tom this is ben from manhattan
and from manhattan what can i do for you
all i have uh... i have two names one person whom i would never
play to the west and who's that
steve martin
really why is that
well it seems like
he writes these novels yet this brainy
me right now bro those are not a novels
those are not novels
yeah
there no valid
those that you thank you
there no fellas and
so
i he seems to want to be casting himself at the kind of uh... renaissance
intellectual a renaissance man
mhm then
but then he's he's acting
his films like um...
i think it was it
cheaper by the dozen
uh...
got paid for those paintings somehow
it is a
you know i mean
you play or it's not it's not cheap collecting or just as glory
what's it
but he's got daddy
steve i mean i have dotty
what's uh... what's the uh... the name of the queen like he's a movie
bringing on the house yes thank you
and you know if if i were to keep martin and i were acting in being
down the house i would also feel like it was completely beneath me but it's
like he keeps you know you have to keep going but i feel like he must have an
extremely conflicted life
i'm sure he's a place i'm sure he's got it pretty well sorted out that he knows
he's doing one thing for one group in another thing for another group
who's the uh... who's the novella group
eggheads
have you read the novella
i read that stuff
kidding me
i'm gonna go read a book
i'm not going to read it by a steve martin
police celebrity things
to read a book by steve martin
guy you gotta do everything that would be some celebrity thing
to read a story to a kid
you know what you're going to read to me you see these kids books jalen knows
first halloween
what happened to uh... do uh... richard scary books
j-lano j-lano's book
now i'm going to be at four to read i gotta read some uh... j-lano wrote a
kid's book
first of all writing a kid's book
i gotta say
that should be the first book i write
that's the one right there
ding ding ding
it has been settled
i'm gonna write it right now
thanks for calling buddy
these kids books
i've read some of these celebrity kids books in the books that you like you
flip through them
it's like two paragraphs
all you just put a sentence on each page
All I have to do is think of a holiday to write one about.
Maybe it should be Dutch on Memorial Day.
That's good, because I was at the bookstore the other day.
This one got me.
I think I officially now have gotten to the point where I can't take it anymore.
You know who has a book out?
Kevin Neeland.
That guy.
Kevin Neeland won Tom Zero.
Kevin Neeland.
I don't even know what that book was about.
It looked so stupid.
seem like some memoir about being a dad or something
that's what i got to do
you'll write something like from uh... you know i'd like the uh... they always
write things from the point of view like the uh... the white house dog or cat
you write something from dog most point of view
Dog my on the loose.
That's what it'll be.
Dog my on the loose.
Four hundred words.
Just get some guy to draw pictures.
Some guy's got a split. Some guy's got a draw thing for a
thing for a year and a half.
Basically this is what it'll be.
I take forty minutes.
Write this thing.
Tell the guy to start drawing pictures.
a year and a half later he's done
and i get eighty percent of the money
fm you're on the air
hi this is uh... adam from brooklyn
adam from brooklyn how are you tonight
i'm good are you don
that's good here
what can i do for you adam
well i got somebody who i would not want to replace with
who's that
billy may
Billy Mays, who's Billy Mays?
He's that guy you'll sometimes see
showing like
oxy-clean or some other
staying on some infomercial late at night.
Billy Mays, I don't know who that is.
He's got the beard and the loud voice.
Don't know.
Don't know.
This one got no traction, sorry Adam.
Sorry Adam.
That one's on me.
That could have been a home run of a call if I was more
in tune with Billy Mays. You know who I wouldn't want to trade places with? The
person who doesn't see Paul F. Tompkins live at comics this Friday and Saturday.
Go to comics with an X and Y dot com. It's gonna be hot. This guy's gonna bring it.
It's gonna be unbelievable. He's on fire. I'll be at the shows. Maybe I'll be at
all of them
fm you you're on the air
and john john john how are you
good how are you
good
is there somebody you
sticking to the topic
would want to trade places with or
would not want to trade places with
okay
i got to i got both
i would like to trade i think i'd like to trade places with uh...
Jason Schwartzman you would yeah cuz that guy I mean not I got a pretty figured
out I think or has has seemed new land in a pretty good pattern of I'm not
talking about his like I like Rushmore a lot and then he's just like straight
out the bat Rushmore good thing and then I don't know he just seems to appear in
like pretty good things nothing that really damages him but he doesn't do a
a whole lot
and then he somehow managed to have the
credibility
not real credibility but whatever kind of how i would credibility that they're
playing his weird bands
song constantly and radio and l.a.
so i'm like
so i'm like he's got a pretty good gig i don't know how he did it
figured it out
alright jason schwartzman
who would you not want to trade places with
uh... vern troyer
true but that's a that's unfortunate the poor guy okay well I was thinking of
maybe uh that can you hear me now guy would not want to be played with that guy
well why is that because he cuz they're you it's probably all he'll get for the
rest of his life yeah he's gonna get really rich or whatever and people are
gonna be like yeah can you hear me now and you know and then a certain point of
like change his haircut and yeah I'll guarantee you can you hear me now guys
walking over the beard when he's not shooting those commercials. Right. He probably does
not wear glasses and wears a beard. Yeah, he's not wearing a jacket zipper on it. That's
what he wears. Yeah, he will never, exactly. He will never wear a jacket with, it was like
a weird like grayish jacket that zips up. Yeah, or be on a phone. John junk, thank you.
All right, I think I was just sent a news bulletin and alert
From kick and kick the Bobo
Super talented artist
Harrison Ford has vowed he will never reprise his role as Han Solo
The character
from the Star Wars movies
And this is what he says, Han Solo isn't interesting to me.
It's a very narrow sort of utility in that went, it's a very narrow sort of utility
in the story and it was great for my career and fun to play at the time, but I wouldn't
want to go back there again.
Those pants, there are characters that it seems to me are worth re-exploring, given that
the story advances your understanding of the character
deepens your relationship to that character
and takes you into an area that's new and unexpected did this guy see the
indiana jones movie
and realize that because he did that movie did none of that
you know what no one no one was planning on bringing her on solo back
nobody was talking about uh... oh if we can only get Harrison Ford to put the
vest back on. No, I'm not going to do it. You know what? You're boring. It's got Harrison
Ford's. Harrison Ford is such a snooze. Have you ever seen him on these talk shows? It's
like they rolled out a cadaver. Like he thinks he puts that earring in and all of a sudden
he's cool. The stupid earring. The earrings more entertaining than him. They roll him
out on these shows. He's the worst. He might be the worst talk show guest in all of history.
It's a like a corpse.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi, Tom.
Hi, who's this?
It's Sparky Pop.
Oh my goodness.
I know, right?
This is your first call ever.
I'm calling you from JFK.
You're a JFK airport now.
I am.
I'm still delayed.
Two and a half hours.
Who believe?
I know.
That's true. You are a first-time caller.
So I got what the topic is, but my only
conservation is who I would not want to be
right now and that's me at the airport.
You would not want to be you.
I hate being me right now.
It's the worst.
It's the worst and the bar slows down, so I'm
kind of buzzed but a little sober.
I just want to get on the flight and go back to LA.
You just want to go home.
I do.
I do.
Well, if you hate it, you hate it in the end down.
Yes.
I couldn't stand it.
I still need to see it.
Don't see it.
What do you think I should?
No.
No.
We're really, though.
I mean, really, you don't think, I'd fall.
I've seen one through three.
You don't think that someone should see the fourth.
No idea.
You can go see it, but don't go crying when all of a sudden you wondered how bad it was.
You were warned.
All right.
All right.
You have been warned.
Okay.
What is the update on your flight?
When are they going to get you back in the air?
I have no idea.
It's supposed to check off at 10.55 now.
So who knows?
It keeps getting delayed.
You go get a nice magazine.
It's closed down. Everything's closed down. I'm here with my friend Jared, who I met in this terminal.
There's no place to get a magazine.
There's no place to get a magazine.
No, there's nothing. Everything's set down. Everyone's like all mad.
You're going to walk through a different terminal then. It's worth it.
You're going to walk through a different terminal then. It's worth it.
So I'm just checking in from JFK. Everything is chaotic here, but we'll get
with you. We'll get through it. Yes. Travel safely. All right. Thank you.
I'll take you soon. Wow. To the airport.
Got somebody razzing me on instant message. Guy hosts a arrival show. This
This guy, H-man, is mocking me.
He just sent me, this is quite a thought-provoking topic tonight.
That's good.
Guy taking shots at me.
You step on the mic, it's war.
I'm in war with anybody who does radio for free.
I think I might be done. I might have had enough.
I don't want to do the Crystal Skull of Best shows.
I'm not looking to turn this into where I outstay my welcome.
Like those guys, they thought they were doing something great.
And they outlasted their welcome.
As I look at the story, you ever see on those
are you ever see on those those uh...
how they'll plug anything into uh... like a little uh...
little banner ads like if you search an article on Harrison Ford
it'll be like
ads by google
contact Harrison Ford
Harrison Ford's contact info
address agent manager and publicist so i can
look at that
Harrison Ford
Huge selection. Great deals on Harrison Ford items
Harrison Ford ringtones
Ringtones what's a Harrison Ford ringtone?
Give me back my family. Give me back my family. Oh, that's my phone. Hello
Get off my plane! Get off my plane! Get off my plane!
That's how my cell phone's ringing. Get off my plane!
FMU, you're on the air.
Yeah, I'd like to do the topic.
Oh, let's hear it.
Uh, well, I would like to be Scarlett Johansson of all people.
I would trade places with her.
You would want to trade places with Scarlett Johansson.
I would.
And why is that?
Well, number one, she's beautiful.
Great actress.
She's in the end with Woody Allen.
Who wouldn't want to be on the end with Woody Allen?
Oh, I don't know, me.
Ha ha ha.
Wow, beside you.
And she just came out with an album of Tom Waits covers.
Who else could get away with that?
Mm hmm.
Do you want to...
Yeah, I went fair enough.
She's living a good life.
Yes, she is indeed.
I don't really have anyone I wouldn't want to have her trade places with.
Really? No one?
Maybe Matthew Modine.
And why is that?
Yeah, well, he's a loser. He was the commencement speaker at my school recently and he's just full of it.
There's a guy a loser.
Why?
Yep.
He, you know, the fact that he was speaking at her school was really poorly received and he knew none of the seniors wanted him there and like he was all nervous.
He was not nervous.
He was nervous.
Oh, he was nervous. His son went to my school. That's only the only reason why as a commencement speaker, and everyone didn't want him to.
So, he's a loser only because he was famous for ten years. Yeah, what a loser.
So, you're better than Matthew Modine just because you've never been famous, and he was famous and now is less famous.
That somehow made you outrank him.
Well, not from Charlotte, Johansson. Then I definitely did.
Now, what is your goal in life, young man?
Besides becoming scarlet Joe Hanson. Oh my I have no goals. There you go. You're off to a great start get off my phone
your monster
Nancy Modine to the loser
Yeah, yeah, what a loser
Guys in transporter to you don't talk that way about anyone who's in transporter to
He played the dad in transporter 2.
I hate that.
I hate when people think that people are losers, just because somehow they didn't manage to stay super famous forever.
It's hard. It's hard being famous.
I'm doing okay. Who's this this is Tim from Milwaukee. Tim from Milwaukee. How are things
in Milwaukee now? What was that? How are things in Milwaukee?
having fun yeah good time well they got for me well I would not want to be
anyone who wants to be Scarlett Johansson for number one good that's a
good one thank you yeah that's just kind of weird and creepy yeah where's that
guy get off well look I mean it's great that she's acting and being famous but
But the album with the Tom White's cover is questionable on every signal level.
It is questionable on every signal level, I agree.
You know, especially if she had 11 covers and then one original, couldn't she just take
another year out and prepare three more original songs, make an EP, you know, put an act together,
go live.
Yeah, I mean I don't even know, did she even put a signal out from that album?
I don't think so.
now maybe a video
i'm not really sure
there's not one signal thing about that album that i've heard that i like
yeah it
it's sort of like muck with
of someone who can't sing
barely over the mix
and if you know what i want to be right now is on nick cave
you want to be in a cave
as a young guy cuz you know what he's
i like his music okay but he sort of has this entirely
weird look but everyone seems to love him
despite that
it's a good point every signal person i mean likes in the cave
exactly
he's got some sort of thing put together that works for him
yes it's a very singular look
so you know i i'm jealous and uh...
that guy has
something there that is
it's in that bubble to use it
gold
yeah i don't know what the college
as i'm here on the air
Hey, this is Andre from Montclair. How you doing, Tom?
Andre from Montclair.
Yeah.
Which part of Montclair?
Um, lower Montclair.
OK.
With the slobs.
Not upper Montclair.
No, no, no.
I'm down here in, like, the Brooklyn of Montclair.
Yeah.
Lower Brooklyn.
Close to Bloomfield?
Yeah.
Not too close for comfort, but close enough.
Not too close for comfort.
You down on Bloomfield?
No, no.
Not down on it.
No.
It's an OK place.
you just wanted you just want the distinction
to be noted
that you are from monclair not from bloomfield
uh... i try to make that distinction when i have to but uh... that there is a
difference
it's a sensitive uh... issue around here
what is the difference
what is the difference i think that uh...
as phone doesn't work
as gonna as gonna throw people in a bloom field in front of a train
he can't even get a work in cell phone
fm you you're on the air
uh... hi tom
this is there in from saskatoon
there in from saskatoon how are things in saskatoon tonight
well actually i'm calling from victoria tonight i'm uh...
i'm not actually in saskatoon
how are things in victoria tonight
uh... pretty good i'm i'm a little nervous for a couple reasons though
i i'm not sure if my phone sounding alright is it over you're doing fine
you're doing fine
all good good good and uh...
and actually i was the guy who called when uh...
my brother had tried to order that johnnie brennan picture
well that's right
your brother tried to order an autographed
picture of the guy from the jerky boys and have him
until right anything you say on it if you pay enough and he wanted to write
what they want to write on it
uh... i johnnie brennan the least talented man alive
he wouldn't write i am the least talented man alive though
he'd he wouldn't be refunded my brother's money
johnnie brennan
jerky boys
they're coming back
the jerky uh... the jerky men now
there's a one-guys fifty seven
the jerky man i'm more of a kamal guy myself
he's gone though right
yes they split up
was kind of like when john kal got kicked out of the velvet on the ground
when johnnie brendon johnnie brendon was the lu read of the jerky boys
that that that that will be
um... well i was i was actually calling with something for the topic and then
i'm just a little nervous because it's my first
on acts you're doing great
as a four-star call
oh thank thank you very much
and i don't know if i was going to start
so so i guess uh... i had someone that i would like to trade places with
who was that
uh... snoop dog
you want to trade places with snoop dog
yeah he seems
seems to be able to stay very well like even if he
does or says
bad things in
maintained a pretty high level of success in hip-hop, which is arguably a
pretty hard thing to stay good at for a long time.
I agree. It is hard to stay on top or to be in the game for a while.
He's a very confident man and seems to have a good time all the time.
Who would you not want to trade places with?
Well, I hadn't even I hadn't even thought that far, but I guess I guess if we're talking
Turkey boys, maybe come all but
You and your brother like the jerky boys a lot, don't you? No, I shouldn't I shouldn't have jumped back to the boys again
You want to know what?
It's all right
You're okay. You're part of the new regime. This is a polite. I'm telling you
You're not the worst thing about the show was becoming not the guy calling saying I stink
Not that bald weirdo
James I
Was gonna say James not him. Not even him the worst thing is
nice
boring callers
Nice guys who are born you're not boring you brought it
you brought it polite but you brought you had stuff to say
well thank you thank you very much you have a good night enjoy the uh...
this fine uh... victoria evening
well thank you you too Tom
i can't i don't know up there
if i'm you you're on the air
hi tom
hi who's this
uh... matt from portland matt from portland
how are you tonight
I'm good, how are you?
Doing okay?
I had somebody I didn't want to be.
Who's that?
Joe Francis.
The guy from Girls Gone Wild.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, that guy's a mutant.
He's a terrible person.
He is a terrible person. He's an animal.
Right?
Exactly.
If anybody ever deserved to be in jail, it was that guy.
I think he might be in jail.
I think he got out.
yeah
and
so you would not want to be joe frances cuz he's a monster
uh...
yeah pretty much who do you want to be
uh...
i don't know i didn't really have anybody
it was not required to have one of each
well have a good night young man
fm you you're on the air
yes you're on the air
show
fm you you're on the air
i don't miss it nick from no i think it
nick from norwalk
how are you tonight
i'm doing pretty well in you
i have something for the topic what do you have
uh... well
uh... first the person i don't want to be
who's that
that's michael emmerson and he's the guy that plays been on lost
and here's
uh... the thing i mean he's
he's a talented guy he's got he's had a lot of success off-Broadway on Broadway
television and stuff he even wanted Emmy
the stuff that everyone knows him for
is when he plays a creep like he was William Hink on the practice and he was
like a weird serial killer
he was
one of the weird guys in saw and he's just creep on law so i would hate to be
that guy you're a talented actor
you're working hard
and then everybody
sees you and they think creep
which is too bad that's why i wouldn't want to
uh... you don't want to be a creep
you want to like
and uh... would you want to be actor-wise what actor would you want to be
actor
well i mean if we're sticking with that specifically
what actor would you well who would you prefer to be then
uh...
i don't know i mean i would i
it's not that i would want to be liked by everybody i would just want
i wouldn't want to be associated with creepy role going to be Ben Affleck
no i mean i don't really have i can't really think of anyone up top my head
mark wallberg
uh... now
i can't wait to see that movie the happening
yeah i think i'm going to pass on that one
do you have anything else young man
uh... yeah i have someone i would want to be let's hear it
uh... jim bowton the uh... new york and key
ball for that guy yes that guy
why would you want to be him
i wrote a scandalous
tell all book about behind the scenes in major league baseball
he did
uh...
he started in the nineteen sixty two season he almost didn't make it into the
major out of the miners but he worked really hard and got in and
the next year he was an all-star ale pitcher
uh... and then he wrote that book which
which
really i mean exposed a lot about the way baseball was behind the scenes and
really yes
filled a lot of people in
uh... many was sort of
uh... person on grata from baseball for a while so he appeared in the robert
almond film he was in long goodbye
uh... and also in the late seventies he was the guy that picked
big league to to wriggly
uh...
so i don't imagine he's i mean
he seems like a nice guy
he had his moment he's probably got some money from big lead to
uh... but he's not like super famous not going to have people bothering him
unless they're big fans
you make a good case
jim bowton
all of them
one in recent jersey
i like it you have a good night young man
fm you you're on the air
they don't know what's going on
right from we often
time for we are going to have you called a ready tonight frank i'll call
yet today sir all right what do you got for me for any for the topic who i
don't want to be who i would like to switch places with
uh... if i can go backward to i wouldn't want to be right now with the uh...
what house he brothers i don't know if that's been said yet i'm catching it on
the show late today but
they seem to have a lot of pressure on them since the first matrix and uh...
since then has to put anything out worthwhile and i think they're gonna
The credibility is going to be gone,
push the stuff that's going on behind the scenes with them.
I'm telling you, I guarantee it this week,
this will come out of my mouth.
One for Speed Racer and IMAX, please.
Yeah.
I am going to see it in IMAX.
I guarantee it.
I will talk about it next week.
I'm going to see Speed Racer and IMAX.
I will be the only person in the theater.
I can't wait.
Who's paying for it?
Who do you think, well, who do you think's paying for it?
Me.
You can't be paying for that movie.
Oh, you pay for it, then.
All right, you want to go?
I don't like that guy.
I don't want to see Speed Racer with that guy.
Hey, Tom, what do you think Speed Racer is going to do next?
You think he can win this race?
Hey, Tom, what do you think of Chimp Chimp?
School looking chimp, huh?
Hey, Tom, you want anything from the snack bar?
Was it a concession stand?
I'm gonna go back up, get some more popcorn,
you want anything?
I'd say, yeah, go back to concession stand,
get me a zag nut.
And then you come back, I'd be gone.
I'd be like hiding in this giant IMAX theater.
Ducking down behind one of the seats,
hoping you can't see me.
Where'd Tom go?
Tom!
This is me.
FMU, you're on the <E.D.>
Whoa!
I'm trying to figure out what you're on here.
You're on the air, young man?
Oh, fantastic.
I'm here with Sparky, about the JFK.
And just, you know, we're still waiting for our flight.
Okay.
But I got into the conversation a little bit.
I was trying to hear this.
And figuring out, I think, Tom Cruise.
home cruise i would hate to be him
why is that
why would you hate to be tom cruise
well tom cruise crannity is you know but all these movies and all these great
things but
uh... like a better is for the radio he's kind of a moron
that's on the couch is that's all this strange things i don't know i just don't
like it
you want to know what
i agree one hundred percent
okay this phone died
fm you you're on the air
it's on like more
what
mike for more than mike from where
more than
new jersey
war saw
now new jersey
you're from where in new jersey though
more stand
more astound
they're like more said
mike remar stand
No, I got a good one tonight.
I'm sure I have some cold water on your face.
You're in it now.
You're in it.
You're on the air now.
You don't step up here half asleep.
I know it's a quarter of 11.
That's no excuse.
I hear you.
Are you near your sink sink?
I could be.
Go right to your sink
and I wanna hear you splash cold water on your face.
I'm alert, I'm totally alert.
My cat, I just opened the window.
Me and my cat are just here.
You and your cat are here.
well as long as it's you and your cat
all right well so what do you got for me
uh...
well i was looking at right to the last question i had to a two-part question
but uh... just a quick one
with uh... with the new jim are we still going to be here in uh... go face
in the background
i missed that
background music will change in the new regime
okay it's being sorted out
all right
that that's considered right
yes it is considered
cool
all right well if i could
switch with anybody i would want to be uh... brand for
who
brand for
is that a hockey player or is that the guy from uh... it is enough
that he was the drummer for for kya
and a great doubt now he's doing so i think
the drummer for what
for uh... kya
okay you want to be that guy
Oh, you don't remember Caius from the 90s?
I don't remember. Get off my phone!
I want to be the drummer from Caius.
You want to know what?
Probably not that hard.
Just show up at a band meeting with some sticks.
To say the new guy, I'm the new guy, the other guy, quit.
FM you, you're on the air.
Guy's really shooting high.
I want to be the drummer from Caius.
Everybody else is talking about these huge people.
Who would you want to switch places with? Oh, I want to switch places with the drummer from Kaya's
FM you you're on the air
FM you you're on the air. Hello Tom. Hi, who's this? Hey, this is Damian from Brooklyn. Damian, what
part of Brooklyn are you in? Sunset Park, formerly from Neptune, New Jersey though, born and raised.
Okay, you ever go over to McCarran Park? You know, I say as far away as I can.
you know what kickball team are you on I'm on the anti kickball team I'm on
kick kicking rocks at the kickball team yeah walking around the sword and the
kickball team it's like I was thinking going into Macy's with the sword yeah
yeah I heard about that it's Brooklyn lore now it's brilliant so do you have
something for our topic tonight I do you know what I'm gonna have to say
Trading places with yes, I would have to say associate call screener Mike. You would want to you would want to my mic
I would want to trade places with Mike if only for a day
Yeah, Mike just said you have no idea what you're getting into
First of all, you're on the run 24-7
You should see this guy. He shows up here. It's like it's like Peter Sellers and one of these things fake mustache
Different look every time there's people after this guy. What's in the briefcase to?
who's got an apple rolling around in the briefcase
it is that i'd say uh...
no you go ahead
oh i'd say someone that i wouldn't want to try places with it would have to be
uh... howie mandel
yeah i can understand how you wouldn't want to try places with howie mandel he
shows up on the deal and no deal set for uh... three hours a week and gets paid
uh... thirty five million dollars
and uh... there's got to be on set with all these like maniacs and just
It's terrible.
Yeah, it seems like a real horror show.
Yeah, wow.
Hosting that show.
It seems like it to me.
I mean, I don't know.
What do you do for a living?
What do you do for a living then?
I work in television.
A candy bar tester?
Yeah.
I'm trying to think of an easier job than hosting deal or no deal.
What do you do?
You work in television?
I do.
What capacity?
I, uh, graphic design.
Graphic design?
Yeah.
do like the things on the news like where it's like
where it's just like uh... panic
now we do like uh... a lot of sports graphics like a lot you know when you're
watching the game and all the
the crazy graphics that go on and uh... you know the the score of the yank you
game and that kind of thing like when berman wide world of sports that thing
we're touching up when berman you do that you do that to go that globe the
cracks open
that you
No, that's not me.
It's time to update that, Len.
I know.
It's not even funny.
Like, I know they're keeping the same thing there
because it's funny that they're still keeping
the same crummy graphic up, but it's not funny anymore.
It should actually crack the globe open
and Len Berman should drip out of it.
Well, I didn't say we turn this against Len Berman.
How dare you?
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey Tom, I'm nervous.
Ooh, got a deep voice.
What's your name?
It's Mike.
I'm calling for my Brooklyn.
Mike from Brooklyn.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
You know, Brooklyn's in New York, not Texas.
I do know that.
You sound like you're the narrator in the Big Lebowski.
Oh, what's the thing, Sam?
Sam Elliott.
Yes, Sam Elliott.
I'm not.
Me and him have nothing in common, I'm sure.
Do you have something for tonight's topic?
Yeah, I've got two.
I would not want to switch places with any young person who
works on WFAN on Mike and the Mad Dog Show.
Why is that?
Well, I was listening to the show last Friday,
and there was not a lot of sports talk,
so they were way off topic.
And Mike came up with a list of his favorite summer
time songs.
Yeah.
and they went on and i think they went up for about forty five minutes off and
about like uh...
you know frank Sinatra
those guys have the worst taste in anything
ever hear those guys talk about movies
music
yeah the worst yeah
mike and i had the worst taste on earth
i almost prefer when they talk about that stuff because it's it's more
entertaining than when they're just talking about them that's in the
Yankees
so what were they do they he was ribbing one of the uh... the uh... the
producers or whatever they are yeah yeah like uh...
with giving them uh...
and that
with my giving them heck about like not uh...
not knowing
uh... billy jollson
he was giving him heck for not knowing a billy jollson first of all watch your
language
secondly what billy jollson was it
the longest time
I'm getting a really weird reverb in my phone.
You're doing okay, just keep talking.
Okay.
What Billy Joel's song was it?
It was like, I think it was, literally,
I think it was just like, you got to stop the fire.
Like, it was a pretty standard song to us.
Yeah, you didn't know that song.
I can't believe you didn't know that song.
It's a classic.
No, it's not a classic, you fat blob.
I saw that guy, when I used to write
for basketball magazines,
I would be in the hallways of Madison Square Garden and whatnot.
I saw that guy walking through.
It looked like he ate Orson Welles.
I'm not kidding.
He was walking so slow.
He was like this kind of like, remember when
in one of the Star Wars, I think the third prequel movie,
there was like this sick monster.
Like one guy was like dying or something.
Like some, and he was like lumbering.
he looked like one of the things from uh... like one of the jim henson things
like uh...
dark crystal
you look like snuffle up a guess
was walking around like snuffle up a guess
down the hallway
like so slow in lumbering
this guy's gonna tell me this guy's gonna have an opinion on any first of all
did you have a guy who can barely walk is gonna weigh in on sports
on how someone has to dig deeper and try harder
I could barely walk yeah I totally agree I gotta I gotta take sports advice from
this guy if I was on a team I'd say you know what you walk over here in
under five minutes and I'll listen to your advice the other guys no prize
either who mad dog yeah yeah he's equally annoying yes oh nice you know
What I says about it, thumbs down.
Thumbs down to both of them.
I'm glad you said that, and I've got one for the, who I would, which places was, that
would be any, any like professional hype man in R&B or rap.
Give me an example.
Well, there's several, I guess, Ben Rock, from Naughty by Nature, Jerome from the, from
more than the time
and see too big
from uh...
the other early hammer days
now are you
okay
now you're you're saying you would want to be them in their prime i'm assuming
not now
yeah i think all that i would not exactly want to be your own right now
i wouldn't want to be your own from the time
now uh...
hyping up morris day is as you're playing a bowling alley
yeah exactly i have a qualified that we will be playing a mistake
we would be playing uh...
you know like uh... the ball and pen
yeah exactly i got guys doing shows that uh... community pool
and your uh...
you're gonna be hyping up your name in the the star of the thing
and you're hyping this guy up so that he can tell everybody uh...
between adult swims that uh...
you can sing ice cream castles
yeah or if they're playing the top joiner
in the morning uh... soul crews
you
are part of the new regime
i love it
whole new crop of characters
new blood
new blood
fm you you're on the air we're going to go fast now
eight on uh...
names from new york long-time listener first i'm called what do you got for me
james
uh...
In his prime, I would not like to have been the person who
had the job at the movie studio, who had to do publicity
for the movie The Toy.
Yeah.
And currently, always classic, I would always
switch places with Charles Oakley.
Oh yeah, I would trade places with Charles Oakley
and at heartbeat.
Successful chain of car washes, legend, forget it.
I know who this is.
Hey, yeah.
Maybe you do.
Steve James.
Mmm.
Hi, Tom.
This guy's famous.
Ah.
How are you?
I'm good.
I saw you on TV a few weeks ago.
Uh, thanks.
What was exciting?
That was exciting.
He threw me.
Heh heh heh.
This guy's famous.
Eh, they cut out all my best scenes on that show.
To catch a predator when you caught the predator.
Heh heh heh.
Charles Oakley though.
though I would trade places with him in a heartbeat that you can't fault them
can you imagine all that car wash money coming in can you imagine how much
money that guy's making on car washes I'll go by the sheep head bay car wash
just hoping I'll just hoping that he's in there doing a little quality control
and there's like a $500 car wash you can get I think man I think that's just
the one where that's the I think that's the car wash where Charles Oakley
Forces Luke Longley to wash your car. That would be awesome if he made I pay 500 bucks for that
Yes, so we'll have Bill Wennington vacuum your your mats your formats
Thanks for making me think of Bill Wennington and thank you for calling anytime Tom. Thanks. It's guy from your latango James
These three calls three minutes watch this FM you you're on the air. Okay. Thank you. I'm doing okay
Who's this? This is Mike from Manhattan. Mike from Manhattan. What can I do for you? I got some of the topic
I would not want to be Simon Cowell from American Idol.
Yeah, why would you want to be that guy?
I know he gets paid, I know he's rich at the Wazoo.
I think that guy is pretty despicable.
Yeah, he's only looking at him.
He's a mutant.
Like creep, real creep.
I got someone I would like to be.
Let's hear it.
Elliot Gould, man.
That's cool.
Yeah, you wouldn't want to be Simon Cowell,
but you would want to be Elliot Gould.
fm you you're on the air
fm you you're on the air
i want to topic let's hear it
okay for the person that i would like to be yes
can fit snare from the bowl we both
uh...
he basically get to play every show
with naked ray gun
and
that would be amazing
who would you not want to be
i would not want to be spike
well i don't want to be spiky thanks a lot
final call the night fm you you're on the air
hey this is easy on a from north carolina
from north carolina what's your name and madam
my name is tz on a
tz on
yeah you got it
i would not want to be him on tana
you would not want to be you know the character on a montana
no or my lease break i read either one
she's like the queen of musical purgatory to me
we really looking for quality from uh... from
and a montana
or absolutely not but i'm just saying it would be tough to have to go through
puberty she's got two choices
you got britain spears
on one side that's the road she could go down or she could do an amanda bind
which wouldn't be too bad because she's pretty cool men's class act
amanda binds is a class act
yeah
final call the night
have a year on the air
hello
Yeah, I was cut off.
What?
I was cut off.
You were what?
Cut off.
Yeah!
That's how he ended.
OK, so I was missing the guy was handing it to me.
I was cut off.
I was cut off.
WFM U.E. Starring WX-H team at Hope World One World Wide Web.
At WFMU.org.
This has been the best show on WFMU.
We will be back next week.
please stay tuned for nickel and dime radio small change
and special guest reverend billion the church of stop shopping choir
coming up that's going to be very exciting
the next three hours
you can tune in and listen
keep it tune in
just don't do it to stay where you are
tune in
we will say good night
and we will say hello to small change the show beginning turntable one
Now