The
S radio show ever. Hey, who's this?
Well I ain't but a slave governor of Alabama.
Hi, it's uh... Gerald Carminer. Tom Sharpling, governor of party.
Hey Tom, it's purple turp. Hey Tom, it's Mark Michaels.
This is Richard Carden. What's your name?
Baron. Baron. And what's inside the two?
fire cry. Maurice Kurt? Horrified. Hey Thomas Bruce. Howdy. Who's this? Ginger
Vitis. Yes, they have Rick Felony at the wall. I guess who would. I hate you. It's Peter. Hey, it's Steinberg.
Do all creepy and I'm hanging up on you. Boing. Roger Depp. My name is Ali Fairnock. I'll say it. You'll hear it. You'll do it. I'll get it. You'll learn it. I'll live with it and you'll die without it.
Masha trash good day. What's up, Tom? It's Tristan. Hey, it's Michelle. Yeah, Tom. This is Jim ripple
How you doing when I get to do the toilet talk now the vaudeville of the new century my name is Tom Riley
I'm calling from New Zealand
This is Pete from the future hi, Tom. It's DJ Terry today from Knoxville super callers off the top
My name is Mike Sajak.
Get off my phone, I don't care.
Hey, this is if he can, man.
I'm going to go to bed now, bye, friend.
Hey, Tom, it's Gordon.
Hey, Gordon, how are you?
I was in a band in the early 90s.
My name's Jerry Page.
Tom, my name is Jeffrey Ludell.
It's a fat, diseased, wilder, right?
Isn't it?
The disenfranchised have a home now.
I'm the hero of the disenfranchised.
You don't need a love list
You don't need a test lab
You don't need a heart of your poor life
Unless you're in
You open up your heart
You know what I mean
If people do this alone
I need to wait for you to get to sleep
By chanting the names of the Lord that you've been free
The Lord is the way that You are the way you can see
Change the face of the Lord and You will be free
The Lord is the way that You are the way you can see
You don't need no passport
You don't need to desecrate, don't do any great
You can't see Jesus, if you open up your heart
You see, Father, there always was a will be
To leave you of your prayer
My child in the name of the Lord, and you'll be free
The Lord is the wind that you're doing in the sea
And carry the reins of the Lord if you'll be free
The Lord is the wind that you're doing in the sea
You don't need no church house
You don't need a tip
You don't need a hose if you're in the woods
There's a reason to see that you can fold it
You open up your heart
All I need
Is to catch down so low
You don't think you know we're all free
But the cold does fifty-one percent again with orders
The stocky shakers, the only biggest wallet by the coldest
The blood in the wake of your heart
The way you're going to see
The jazz in the name of the blood
It just feels free
And you will never be the same as me
Belly, did not keep the good advice
Belly, did not keep the good advice
Snow Billie, who was once like me and you
Snow Billie, Snow Billie, Snow Billie
He had a lovely kind, a monster too
Snow Billie, Snow Billie
So
So
I'm going to show you how to do it.
I'm going to show you how to do it.
Let's go!
Let's go!
this beautiful, long plant
In the cart, the Rats Siren
How shall we go to jail quota?
The future for you!
The new world with you!
Let's get me!
Just five minutes.
I have!
Don't libel!
One's the wrong color
Right on?
Right on?
The facing of your world,
you are the only one who is alone.
Through this world we lived in.
You hate, you scream, you swear, as you never meet them
You curse, you try, you scare, but you can never teach them
It's under the street, and tie your hands and tie your feet
Then the street is narrow
But not where you lay
But not where you lay
At your heart, lay, lay, lay
Lay, lay, lay, lay
You're not going to get you
You try to break away
But they will never let you
It's a bit extreme
They tie your hands and tie your feet
And the street is narrow
And no really
There's no way to trade for a lane
No way to trade for a lane
No way to trade for a lane
You're done, get on, get on by now then all the patterns
Keeps her dead and scream, they tie your hands and tie your feet
And all the speed is there on the lower lane
There's no edge or a lane, a lane, a lane, a lane
I thought I'd go a day and she'd never go
And lay, lay, lay, lay, lay
And your mind, they'll take out the song
It's a land and a stream They try your hands and toy your own feet
And the street is there from the lower lane The lower lane, the lower lane
In your mind they'll take you some more.
I'm so fine, I'm so fine, I'm so fine
I'm so fine, I'm so fine
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
They say don't talk too closely.
I talk too closely.
I do what I want.
Best show time.
Yes, it is Best Show Time.
This is the Best Show in WFMU.
My name is Tom Sharpling.
Tom Sharpling, I'm your host for tonight's installment, which is a very exciting program.
We have planned for you all kinds of thrills and chills lined up.
Later in the program, the one and only Todd Barry is going to be live in the studio,
making everybody laugh with all kinds of funny jokes and whatnot.
Let's go over what we heard.
Oh, by the way, the phone number 201, 209, 9368, 201, 209, 9368.
But a caveat is involved.
What?
Is it?
Simple.
There's no reason for you to call right now.
I will not put you on the air.
It's that simple.
Why?
open phone Tuesday does not exist anymore
we just heard from obba
from the obba box
the super trooper uh... uh... bonus track
heard a lain
and obviously
we send that out
the late-grade all-ah-brunkert, the drummer for Abba, who passed away on Sunday.
Abba, one of the best, if not the best.
like the Beatles, but they were good looking. Before that from the Tet Lord CD, just French
proto-metal from the early 70s. By the Ben Quovatas we heard Zeppelin party on the Cedar
record label. Before that the deviance from their album of the same name Billy the Monster
classic
make fair
and starting us off george harrison
that's right
george harris
awaiting on you
from the uh... all things must pass album
where's my all things must pass
where's mine
When do I do one?
Where's my epic?
Where's my, uh, Titanic effort?
That stands the test of time.
Where?
Can't take it. Every time I go to the Barnes & Nobles,
I get more mad.
Look into those books
all over the place.
Tom Zero, as far as books go.
I got beat by Diana Matmos McGrivey.
She's got a book.
Although it's a little out of date now,
due to the fact that she was exposed
as a hypocrite this past week.
Thumbs down Diana Matmos McGrivey.
You want to have Mike?
Mike thought she was exposed as a player.
Great.
Mike's got his own show going on out there.
Why don't you call it to his show, 201, 209, 9368.
Admittedly, you won't get on this show.
But you can be a part of Mike's show out there.
That's right.
Where's my thanks for the pepperoni?
Where's my I dig jeep?
These George Harrison records.
What's this guy again with the books?
In the chat.
Ugh.
Oh, his name's Ye Sarcasm.
Was he trying to zing me?
Yeah, Paul Abdul's got a book.
If I kill over, there's no legacy.
If I kill over, there's nothing.
It's over.
It's in four days.
Oh, who was that again? What was that? Oh, yeah, he did a radio show. Yeah, with ancient
history. Put me next to Gene Shepherd. Whatever that guy's name is. That snooze who writes
the, uh, who wrote, uh, what did he do? Jingle all the way? He did one of those Christmas
movies. I can't remember which one. Who's online? One mic. Favorite first caller? Please let me
know. It's who I think it is. FMU. You're on the air. Evening Tom. Oh hi. How are you? Spike?
I'm just fine. How are you? I'm doing okay. Uh-huh. To what do I owe the pleasure of this phone call?
Oh, I just think I'd be the first caller tonight and make your day. I'll make the evening, actually.
That's right. You're kicking off the program quite admirably.
Yes.
So, how was your day today?
Oh, I had a good day. I didn't go. Well, I had some business to take care of, so I didn't go in.
Business.
and I listened to Lin and Howard and music and...
Howard.
Of course.
Which Howard?
The king of all media.
Oh, Howard Stern.
Yeah.
Well, I was thrown because I didn't picture you.
I forgot you have a serious radio.
That's right.
And it's set to, usually I bet you you listen to the 60s channel.
Oh the fit the old each tent channel 5 channel 6, uh-huh powered. Yeah, you know the outkill
Wow, what's that? That's the gay channel. Okay, fair enough. You know, there's the theory. There's the politically normal channel
Politically normal channel one forty six. That's where Lynn is. Mm-hmm
Alright, very interesting. Anything else on the dojo? There another form of radio you want to tell us about?
I'm not about it.
Any other stations?
Oh, there's the jazz stations. I'm serious.
You like jazz?
Yes. I like, well, most types of music. I like quality music.
Who's your favorite jazz artist?
Oh, there's so many. There's Duke Ellington, of course.
Okay.
Count Basie.
Mm-hmm
Lina
Now do you criticize other jazz people the way you criticize other like like
Like what would you call miles Davis like kilometers Davis?
No, I like my own thing that calamities Davis
No, I just all jazz meetings. I like uh-huh
John Coltrane you like him. Yes
You like home
Who home and you heard that album Ascension the crazy stuff. Oh, John Colton's album. Yes. Oh, yes
I think he said all moment. I thought you taught me a person
No, it's not you thought I was talking about somebody named um
Yes, that's why I thought
Fair enough again. I keep saying fair enough with you. It's weird that you and I have reached some sort of consensus
which I think says more about me these days than you I I'm not sure who's
changed maybe we're meeting in the middle somewhere of course we like most
the same kinds of music you know holy moly what if we do what if I start
hanging out the dungeon I'll go back for Tom would you have me over to the
dungeon for dinner one night probably not that we're doing anything but
probably oh well thank you for that uh that you what you wouldn't hit me over
the head no what do you usually hit people over the head with in the dungeon
but I don't when you need to trap them or do you have like some weird do you
like give them a a drink and like yours is like yours it usually like
let's have some rain and then yours is like red and theirs is like green no
where it's like foaming it's clear you put it something in it no no you know
your voice sounds like a little bit spike oh like oh let's let me I actually
actually have something here you don't sound you you sound not unlike this
person
we should fight in France we should fight on the seas and oceans we should
fight we can you read that can you read Churchill's speech for us
right to barely make out who that was that was Winston Churchill oh okay you
a certain jolly quality to your voice the two of you. Can you read Winston Churchill's
speech? Of course, you don't have internet. I forgot. I'm sorry. That would be impossible
for you to actually access it in your house unless you're calling from the library.
No, I'm actually calling for my house. Do you have internet in your house? I do. I guess
the only problem is you're on the phone right now and you'd have to hang up and plug your
mode them into the phone line right something like that yeah you have 14 for
28 8 what do you mean 28 8 28 8 you're cranking not ready for the 56 yet still
yeah but I'll get still waiting still waiting to see if the 56 is gonna stick
around yeah I gotta move on I can't take it that's two it's too amiable it's
we're friends now old friends bookends me and spike sitting on a park bench
reminiscing about chucky FM you you're on the air Tom yes even North Hollywood
how's it going can you hear me all right who is this this is Steve in North Hollywood
Steve in North Hollywood the the putative rookie of the year for 2008 I hope so
Guy you think you got what it takes don't you know what it's like that song says by I don't know that song from transformers
Never mind that song Tom. What?
Hey, I've got a special guest on the line here with me
Special guest yes, sir. What kind of special I bodyguard for a young kid by the name of Nate Hartley who stars in the upcoming drill bit Taylor
And I've got him interested in the show we decided to call in we're on the road right now
So there's a way to talk. Yeah, I figured what they call the call the best show. This is fake. Isn't it?
No, sir. I got him right here. He's in my driver's seat. What's up? Hey, who's this?
Maybe a bit teller hold on a second. I don't believe this for one second
All right, well, let me let me ask you a couple questions to verify whether this is you
Okay. The Bernie Mac Show, what episode did you appear on?
The Barnets for Crashes.
That's true, actually.
How many episodes of iCarly did you, uh, star on?
Two.
And the name of the star of iCarly is...
Miranda Cosgrove.
Is she a friend of yours?
Uh, not really. I mean, she's pretty, but no.
Do you know the other two dudes?
Josh would rake.
on what Josh and Drake do you know those two guys yeah Josh back is actually
in drill bit Taylor really yeah what happened to Drake couldn't find a
spot for him yeah he was doing something gay what yeah called superhero movie
well you got a little rivalry there you know I mean love whatever so what's
What's the deal with this movie?
Opens up March 21st, and it's <E.D.> off of the greatest movie ever made.
Well, am I a part of some...
Am I a part of it? What do you keep doing? Are you doing multiple calls on this?
Am I just like, well, one of many calls?
No, you are the one.
Cheepers.
Very intriguing.
Now that guy, uh...
That guy who's your bodyguard, right?
Yes, Steve.
Steve.
Steve.
Let's be honest.
be honest what do you what do you need a bodyguard for well you know i'm very
i'm handsome i get mobbed occasionally when i walk into like pizza reels and
uh so before you go through that we can i answer that question nay yeah before
you go before you know it's underage so we need to have an on-set guardian and
frankly i just like the way bodyguard sounds as opposed to setting any so
what are you doing you're like i would you would scope out the pizzeria to make
There's no like Nate Hartley super fans inside right I make sure there's no
Nate Hartley super fans waiting with their knives I make sure there's plenty
of journey on the jukebox forum you know otherwise we just leave so you're an
onset nanny is that your is that your how you how you pay the bills that is not
how I officially pay the bills I work in a hotel but I work with me because you
know he needed he needed a hand and I at the time was between jobs and I'm good
with kids what can I say so who else have you nanny for just him just him
yes sir I keep him busy with all the body gardeners and protecting me and
between me and a loaded gun if I go see this movie if I go see this movie am I
gonna be bored out of my mind actually you aren't you will probably want to
sit there through the end because it's that good wow there in your chair it's
It's actually that good that I won't get up and leave early.
Can you continually sit there till the next running of the show starts?
It'll be that good.
You'll see it like at least three times through.
Wow.
One sitting.
Hubris.
Yeah.
Hubris, you're hyping this thing up a little bit.
You've got to watch out.
So in this movie, you're one of the nerds who gets picked on at high school or something.
Yeah, that's it.
I didn't realize I'm not a nerd.
i'm the coolest guy at school now i'm i'm pretty much a nerd
and what else are you going to be in uh...
the we can look forward to in the future if we all after we all go see you're
exciting movie that comes out this friday
uh... i have a movie with paul rudd and chon roon scott called little big men
with christmas plats also
and uh... who's micha love them
and uh...
show with uh...
uh...
wait what i want to know what i want to do it just make up
all right i'm doing this it's so called the crazy awesome show
and start
oh yeah i'm doing it if you look on my sex i'm just really just got your manager
i'm like
i'm but i have to check my schedule constantly you got a weird relationship
going on
use
to make appointments and
schedule things
why does this guy know your schedule so well i thought he was your uh... your
uh... nanny
What's the book and jobs for you too?
Yeah, you're all in the awesome show.
Oh yeah, yes, exactly.
I didn't hear what he said.
It's something about the crazy awesome show.
Adam, I don't go to that.
Very exciting, I appreciate it.
This is a star of tomorrow calling in, potentially.
I try.
Do you think you have what it takes to make it through the Hollywood gauntlet
of horror
i do
i do i want to take stuff
get through the Hollywood horror
i have uh... i'm a switch it off my phone
who is that
i mean uh... more power to you
keepers creepers
to do
i mean uh... you called i appreciate that
uh... i got nothing to do with that
nowhere to go i got no wiggle room on that call
no wiggle room
look i hope i hope your movies uh... smash it
and you clean up
that would be gone for the year you're right
that's the most famous gampiette
thank you for calling in i appreciate the call from nate heartley
and this guy uh... steve from west hollywood who's definitely
this guy's working hard to try to be uh...
rookie of the year
said it before though and I'll say it again. That guy is running a little too hot. That
guy is going to burn out. There's no way he's going to be rookie of the year. My prediction,
look, I hope he proves me wrong. I hope he proves me wrong. I hope that young man has
all the success in the world. But you know what? It was a best show. It's a best
show. We're not here. What am I, what am I, what am I sitting here? Is this
comics unleashed? Byron Allen all of a sudden. Have this guy tell me what time
it is? You tell me why I tell you what time it is. Guy coming on here telling me
what the deal is. More power to you, but you're gone. Yeah,
and he'll throw the gay all over the place. Well, what do you,
uh, will you Jerry Falwell? I don't like that. They're not
calling back, are they? Please. I hope they don't. FMU, you're
on the air
Hey Tom, this is Michael from the singer from the cynics from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
Yes, how are you doing?
Well, if I look at my MySpace mood status, quixotic, I think, I'm up to the cues, still
tilting at windmills, but hey, when you were talking to Spike before, and you said you
were going to give him an example of someone that sounded like him, I was pretty sure
you were gonna put me on so I started talking then you know a little nervous
well yeah so the cynics have an exciting new record out which is
called here we are it's very good record oh really you like it hot stuff I'm so
flatter tom
that's a nice thing uh... one of the one of
well you know how much i love the station and all you guys so that's great
well it's very nice of you to uh...
to uh... give the station copies of the cd to give away during the marathon
into uh... do the uh...
uh... to pledge also
are you kidding that's the least we can do it used to be called payola
what
hahaha i don't like that
I'm kidding. I'm not on the take. I don't get to keep none of this money
Get these people looking at me sideways. We were fans of FIB way before you were fans of our well
No, I well, I don't know that but uh, I'm doing my show
Yeah, I do these marathon shows
Do we do well? I got people looking at me sideways
People looking at me sideways like I get a piece of the pie
How dare you I think they know that I'm kidding that's nothing to do it
now i'm just moaning about something different
you just happen to be on the phone while i'm doing it
so we just got back from south by
south by south west how was that
no they don't call it south by south west anymore they call it south by
but you know what what i'm my question is
if i'm texting it or writing someone about it
or if i were to blog about it
do i just have to write sx
i don't have to write the xw anymore
i don't know i didn't know it's just called south by
didn't it was written up in the uh... washington uh... uh...
no i think well yeah there was an article in the washington
and there was also a wall of wall street journal article where they uh...
declared that south
by south west is now called south by
and actually they were late on the story because last year when we were there
people were asking us whether we're coming back to south by
and i'm like uh...
was that a different festival when is that
i didn't know they meant it was the same one
i thought maybe there was another one called south by but you know how people
abbreviate stuff
yeah i guess so yeah but
it's a it's a tricky business
michael you know how we make a joke of it
how's that
have you ever or make a joke of how people abbreviate things yes you've
ever been to one that i thought that i thought i or south by west either one
i have not been to either
Oh, you haven't.
No.
No.
They're interesting.
We've been to a lot of them and it's kind of different.
I think it would be a lot different if I was just going to enjoy it there and just,
you know, drink all the time and just be able to talk all the time and have a great time
and see everything I wanted to.
And I think that's different than when you go there to work and actually play there.
So I've only been there to go there and play there and I would never in a million years
think of just going there to just enjoy it
i don't know there's something about it that well first of all i don't like
the south in general put that on the record
i think there's no one at all i don't know i'm not coming what don't you like
about the south
oh come on you know i i mean just you know i'm one of these uh... east coast
snob you know that
i don't have i don't really care much for the you know how down the green
nakers uh... whole thing which i consider texas that as a whole but if you
know i think it's completely different austin as they say is a sea of blue
or an oasis of blue and a sea of red
away from the blue and a sea of red
yes
i'm being told
by associate producer mike
that there is a very important phone call celebrity phone call online to
continue with the line of celebrity calls first we had the young man from
drill bit tailor
now we've got the lead singer
michael keg of the cynics
and who knows what this next call might be
are going to be joined together or my god
i think you might have to call back later i gotta keep things moving ok well i
want to give you i can give you the rest of the report from uh... south by
next week then let's do let's do part two next week okay part two of michael
uh... south by uh... next week uh... stay tuned that's our teaser thank you
he told me that i love you
last advance
done with me
jeepers
i got no control here
just got a thing
as talking about these against the south it's from pittsburgh
celebrity call
fm you you're on the air
tom yes
hey uh...
uh... spread on the spread from denmark i i feel a little bad i'm not sure
from a celebrity caller
mmm
uh... i was told this was a high-powered celebrity
now why i think i might have a i have an interesting subject but i i don't know
if
let's hear it
my friend eric and i
everyone to the wild eric from brooklyn is listening to show we talk of
one of the highlights of our relationship is when we talk about the
beatles we end up on a phone for hours
oh you know overseas calls and yet and then we were talking
we were just going to each beetle record and figuring out who would george
and ringo which one they sang and stuff like that we ended up on pete
best website pete best dot net
and i i thought that it said uh...
but it was a new item it says legendary producer sir george martin
has made a public apology to replace petals drummer pete best
the sixty six-year-old musician was part of the fact for from nineteen six
feet in nineteen sixty two before ringo star was drafted into the band to take
displaced
and the music mogul now insist
he feels guilty quote unquote over the dismissal
martin authorize the changes before the beetle shot to fame with best going on
to work at civil service for twenty years before establishing on his own
band years later
martin said i felt guilty maybe i was a catalyst to change the life hold on
what's right
Hold on.
So that was it and I just wanted to say that I had the good fortune of meeting Pete Best
for a few days.
I used to work at a poster company and Pete Best came in for a few days and was signing
you know for however many bucks a pop drum heads of him and an old photo of him behind
the drums and I met this guy and he was really sweet and I know you know he has a big burden
on his shoulder of a huge injustice and stuff, but I don't know, I gotta say, like, this
guy, he's just not the Beatles drummer, and I want to thank George, I don't even really
know when I really want to give eternal thanks to George Martin if he was the one who asked
him because, you know, I don't know, in the least, like, the Beatles would have been oasis,
and then, like, if he best was the drummer, and at worst, like, I don't even think any
any of us i know the series probably outlandish but i don't think we'd be
alive today if ringo weren't the drummer the beetle you know what
pete best
not to tell you sorry buddy
you struck out
that that that's what it will but but he he is
making a living now he's going around playing and he
his website both him as a man pete that's the man who put the beat in the
beetle uh-huh yeah
sir anything is that you have more to read money chance
Oh, no, no, no, I just wanted it.
I just, no, I just, yeah.
Just those three paragraphs?
I'm teasing you.
You have a good night.
FMU, you're on the air.
No, I gotta say people have said the same thing about me.
What's that?
I gotta say people have said the same thing about me
over the years where, you know, life would be different
if I wasn't playing the drums for the Ramones.
And who is this?
Oh, oh, for the Ramones.
Okay, no, I didn't know, okay.
It's Marki Ramon, wow.
Mark Ramon, how you doing?
I'm doing okay.
Yeah.
How are you doing?
I want to take issue with that guy
for what's his band called, The Cynics.
Yes.
Yeah, what are they from Pittsburgh?
Yes, they are.
Yeah.
He don't know what he's talking about.
The south is awesome.
You like the south, Marki?
Oh yeah, I play down there all the time with you
and true it is in the Marki Ramon group
in the Marki Ramon band.
and uh...
mark your own speed king
and you so what like where down south like kind of the
all columbia south carolina we play in rally sometimes with jerry only in
debt was in the ban last time we played that
so you've kind of were working the
secondary markets i guess they might be called
i know that the main stuff
the main market
what what what town did you say
columbia south carolina lolly
a market i don't know if uh...
columbia south carolina is considered a
primary market
ever heard of a ban called hootie in the blowfish
yes
that's what it's from
columbia okay
why are you laughing
uh... it's that i didn't think it was that interesting
you remember what i told you last time you laughed at me
um... i remember you threatened me i can't remember what i was going to play
eighth notes on your grave
that's right on your head on my head
and you're growing
great thank you
yeah
i want to tell you about exciting uh... thing that i'm doing
no okay what are you doing
i got a new book coming out
uh-huh what you have a new book where you had written those
those uh... romantic
and you have a new is it another of the rottite
yeah is it another romantic novel
No, I'm sorry, it's not a little mad.
Dude, that's the problem.
You got these preconceived notions
and then you think, you know, you know what it's all about.
You don't know what it's all about.
You're right.
I overstepped my-
I want to hear you say,
I don't know what it's all about, Mark.
No, I know what, I don't know what it's all about, Mark.
You didn't say like I said it.
I don't know what it's all about, Mark.
No, I don't know what it's all about, Mark.
With your accent?
Yeah.
I don't know what it's all about, Mark.
That's beautiful.
And you know what?
What?
You don't know what it's all about, Mark.
OK.
Anyway, my book.
I'll give you a little sample of a little bit of the book.
All right.
The name of the book is, hey, ho, let's a drummer's life.
hey ho what
let's a drummers life
hey ho let's a drummer's life
yeah why
it's a little
a little unwieldy
i knew you were going to say it was unwieldy
that's what my publisher said also uh-huh
yeah it is though
no it isn't
you know what you're talking about
hey ho let's a drummer's life
mark my words
by this time next year
hey ho let's a drama's life is going to be at the top of the new york times
uh... best seller's list
okay well why don't you call your book mark my words
i don't want to call it
well that's actually pretty good although
i think the cup has already been done
oh okay yeah and there was a problem with the painting
yeah so there was some sort of problem with the painting so they had to
redo it and then it cost a lot of money to do it so i'm already sort of in
in the whole
did you get that guy to draw
cartoons
john holmstrom
is that his name
yeah he did punk magazine
he also did uh... the cover road to ruin that was my first album with the
remote
road to ruin that's right
yeah you know the back cover picture
it was taken into kipsey was after my first show
okay my you know
i was going to say my favorite remones album is a rocket to russia
but i didn't play on that i know i i started to catch myself
that was Tommy. You don't like Tommy's drumming better than my drumming, do you?
I don't. You know, to tell you the truth, the drumming's all what? What? The Ramon's
drumming is kind of, there's a similar quality to it all. No, the ain't. I mean, in a good
way. You had three different distinct styles you had. You had Tommy, it was really the
kind of rudimentary. And then you had me, it was great. And then you had Richie, there
There was too many jazz fills, and then at me again, it was great.
What about Clem Burke?
Elvis Ramon, yeah, he don't even count.
He couldn't hack it.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
He couldn't, he couldn't hang.
Yeah, yeah.
So let me give you a little sample of a story in my book.
Sure.
Just one time, it was so funny.
We was coming back from a show at Toad's in New Haven, and we were coming back in the
Manhattan, you know, we'd all sort of get off at Joey's place, you know, down in the village, uh-huh, I had to go to
Bathroom so bad. Oh, my God. What keep this clean? I was totally clean except for what actually happened
I'm not gonna say what it is. I'm on the radio. I know that. Mm-hmm
So I had to go so bad that I jumped out of the van and Monty
Just stopped the van and I jumped out and I went in a park
You went in a what? A park. What is that? A park. What do you think a park is? Oh, a park. Okay.
Yeah, what do you think I said? I had no idea to tell you the truth. Oh, put your call screen on. What's his name, Keith?
No, his name is Mike. Why can't people keep his name straight? It's a very easy name to remember.
I don't know. He's kind of like a noxious. He's what? It's kind of like a noxious.
innocuous what that it's i think it might be the word you're trying to say
no it's innocuous like it's got fumes
oh okay that might actually you actually might have said
i think you might have made up a word but it's weirdly accurate
i didn't make up nothing and there's a other story that you're gonna love
that you're strapped in yes i am got your helmet on i do
have my helmet on it was this time we was getting ready to play
It was up at my father's place in Poughkeepsie.
Yeah.
And we're getting ready to go on and I didn't have my sneakers on.
You didn't have your sneakers on?
And I was like, oh my god, I can't, I gotta put my sneakers on.
And then I didn't, I realized that I left them in my apartment
that I could Manhattan.
What were you wearing at the time?
I had kind of capizios on, don't judge me.
Okay, you were wearing capizios.
Yeah.
Okay, and...
Why?
It's all right, no, it's, it's...
I'm not judging you at all. Okay. Well, they're kind of, you know, they're so light that you actually played the show in them
I kind of loved them. I ended up playing them, you know in the capizios for a lot of the
The rest of the tour that we did
Okay, well you say you actually embraced playing drumming with capizios instead of sneakers. Yeah, yeah
And I I'm assuming you were wearing high-top Chuck Taylor's right now. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, those are two best stories
so those are the two best stories in the book yeah you having to make an
emergency bathroom break oh my god yeah and you forgetting your sneakers yeah
wow this Ramon's book is not gonna be very well you know I usually those
rock books are a little more yeah they you kind of dish the the dirt I just
There's plenty of that like like I know but usually that's when you dig the stuff up
and you tell the secrets the things that went on that kind of like nobody knew about like
the things only in the van that the arguments or the disagreements yeah we didn't talk at
all what's that we didn't talk at all why you mean the band didn't talk at all oh no no
we just ride in silence
okay
yeah and then we get to the show we get to the gig and then we do our sound
checks individually
individually you do a sound check
yeah we never did it together
really
yeah yeah
so the remotes wouldn't even play together
oh no no until it was
now we do the show you know it's great
and then we go back to the hotel
and i i'm assuming you went back to the hotel in silence
And how many years did you do that for?
Well, I was in the band from, what, like, 78 to 80, 81.
OK.
82, I think.
Yeah.
I was running in jungle.
I played on, but I didn't do the tour.
And then I got back when Richie, who had too many jazz
fills, when he quit.
And then that was like 1987, I think, something like that.
OK, that's what you mean.
I thought I was in for almost 10 years after that, yeah.
okay so you're pretty much talking about fourteen years
of all that was at one time when monty
all you're going to love this all why did i put this in the book
he wasn't it was we're playing in uh... bloomington in bianna
and he went right on on a red light you you everyone knows you can't go right
on red light in bloomington uh-huh and the cops pulled us over
oh my god
and what what what be what happened
He wasn't drinking enough and so he just kind of gave us a warning
Okay
And that's is that where the story ends? Yeah
Why what that's well again? That's not the most fascinating. Oh, there was another time. Oh my god
You all love this. Okay, there's other time and we play the show and it's great and we get back to the hotel
And I realized I left my leather jacket at the gig
And did you, I'm assuming, someone retrieved it?
Yeah, they had this show, like a runner at the show, like a helper, and he came and gave it and brought it back to me at the hotel.
Okay.
Yeah.
So, these are the top stories.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, there's one time also.
Oh, why didn't I put this in the book, too?
Yeah.
was on the acid eaters store.
Yeah.
And I don't know what was going on, but I kept dropping sticks all night.
I'm going to drop like seven of them.
Oh, okay.
That's it.
Okay.
Yeah.
I was waiting for the other half of the, I was waiting for a, I mean, no, no offense.
I was waiting for a boring conclusion to that story.
I didn't realize that it was, that that was the, that was the boring conclusion.
Hey, you know what?
What's that?
I don't think you're ready for what's going to happen to you.
What's going to happen to me?
a
springs
i'm going to kill you
boff BO
step
Bolt
tool do you think
the growing part in my okay
well so when does your book com
anything out of all right
marply and
I think
All right, what channel am I putting up here? There it is
Wow, that is some let me think about those calls we got
First call was
spike
The second call was
that guy Steve from Hollywood who had the
one of the nerds from Drillbit Tailor with him, and then they got hung up on.
Then Michael Kay from the cynics, calling from Pittsburgh with part one of his
South by Southwest, what was that, a report, I guess?
Then we had a guy from Denmark call, he read a short story about the Pete Best.
I'm like a four-page, uh, little, what George Martin apologized for kicking Pete, why would
he apologize also, it's like, that, that ship has sailed, trying to, what are you trying
to mend fences on the way out, try to make sure Pete Best is not mad at him.
I think Pete Best, Pete Best might have dealt with that anger by now.
had from 1963 until 2008. It's like, it's going to be like, it's all right. Well, it
was for the better, for the best anyway. What would have happened? I would have stayed
with the Beatles. I was better off here, being a woodworker or whatever he ended up doing.
And then, we had Marki Ramon call, that is a, that covers the spectrum, FMU, you're
on the air.
Hi, it's a stereo from, wow, how are you?
Pretty good.
How are you doing?
Doing okay.
I have a potential topic, and then I also have just a little thing I found when I was
moving about Studio 60 if you're interested.
okay very timely uh... story about studio sixty what is it
to work to be honest i just don't like making fun of it
still haven't gotten out of your system yet
i got it out of my system i watched that show
i studied those shows even i'm done with that
i know that um... that like bucket of vampire slayer
dark record like a lot of people
where they're coming out with like
another season of it in the comic
did you know that they're doing like comic books
of of uh... a tv shows that have gone off the air
yet yet but but they're doing it sort of like in continuity works like all
this is the eight season above you do what would happen
if we kept going
and um... and i mean you know i i i just want to know what you thought
the second season of studio sixty would have been
or just in general like
other TV shows out there that you'd want to feel like
another season of an account for
you know what
i don't think there's any TV show i would want to continue to read in comic
book form
except for maybe um...
maybe the bronx is burning
if they just did every season after that seventy seven season
in uh... comic book form
i still think they should have done every season of that
as a series every year
they could have gotten that gang back together
and shot every uh...
every season when that had been fun
i i i i don't know if i've never heard of bronchus what is bronchus burning
fm you you're on the air
fm you you're on the air
hi tom and chicago
tom and chicago how are you
Uh, yeah, a little bit. Yeah, a little bit. Yeah, I thought, you know, get more into it. What's that?
I should get more into it. You should get more into it. Yeah, I think you're right. You should get more into it.
Still not sure yet. Not ready to pull the trigger. No, I just I don't I don't know. Now holding back trying to
Pull back a little bit. Not ready to comment. You know
who are you a fan of who have you actually uh...
gone the distance with
in terms of music
will stick with comedy
com i don't know
i i will tell you i
i uh... i've always liked your own body but i don't know what i think he's one of
my favorite like pat niles won't okay yeah i do and i yeah i really enjoy him
uh...
and i've always you know i remember seeing jim gaffigan when he was kind of
first coming up next all okay pretty funny stuff
alright anyone else
uh... your other body politics and i've heard seeing his comedy central
special
you know a couple years ago and so like that
anyone else
you didn't say i could keep him in some what's that
uh... lost a lot
uh...
david cross i like it okay
uh... just say just say zak alphinakis
and we can be done with this
let's do it i'd rather not with brian porcelain and maria pepper
sure there we go we're done right i had all the one yes
you did
so what what can i do for you tonight young man
uh... i was listening to a podcast from last year and you're talking to
all the pumpkins about uh... the askers from last year yes and uh...
talking about little miss sunshine how it won for best screenplay and you
That at that point of little Miss Sunshine can win for best screenplay anything that we could write could win
Yeah, I had to doubly laugh because of course, you know, then June. Oh one this year. So you your words were completely true
Yes, it was prophetic. Wasn't it very prophetic. Yeah, absolutely
Let's move on from this whole June. Oh, I know I'm sorry for bringing it up
But it's nothing I'm nothing more than what am I supposed to?
What am I supposed to keep seeing it and keep getting mad at it again?
No, I just I wanted to call because it made me laugh and I wanted to let you know that it was all that sweet of you
I appreciate that
Okay, you have a good night you too
Fm you you're on the air. Hey Tom. How's it going? Oh, it's going all right. Who's this?
This is Al from Brooklyn Al from Brooklyn. What part of Brooklyn? Oh the bedside Clinton Hillboarder, okay?
We talked a while ago and you suggested that that I should check out Juneau if I was into
pretentious lame movies it was it did it just come out on DVD today or
something no no I thought on JetBlue when I was flying home the other night
okay where were you flying back from from Miami uh-huh what took you to Miami
my my niece and nephew no right very exciting what was it birthday no just
you know kind of like annual spring break check it out that sort of thing you
hang out with your niece and nephew over spring break
that's right yeah
how old are your niece and nephew
there are what they do in about five months
but uh...
but but but i got i got i got to get to juneo
uh...
like like what i don't understand what's what's like i can't keep doing this
i'm sorry
i can't just can't keep doing that
I can't, I'm just supposed to live in that moment.
Do people want me to be like a butterfly?
What do they put butterflies in, Amber?
I think I'm supposed to be preserved
in December of 2007, forever.
I didn't like it.
What do you want me to do?
I'm still on to that, I stopped thinking about it.
By the way, this is WFMU, East Orange, WXHD,
Mount Hope Worldwide on the World Wide Web at WFMU.org.
This is the best show on WFMU.
Here until 11 p.m. tonight.
We will be joined in studio by Todd Barry.
It's going to be very exciting.
You know what I'm going to do though?
I'm going to play a record first.
Here's something by
One of the hot bands on Matador called Tom's new Viking they have a new album out called
Rip It Off and we're going to check something out from it something called Mean God we're
We can hear something from it right now.
We're not there, we're not there
The whole world has to show up and shout it out
It's not your fault, I'm in a car
I'm up into the fear
It's a common sense, and if they fear us
The common man, it's just our own hands
We're in a charge, we're in a field
It's near the ceiling, I hope they're wild
We don't care, we don't care
We just need to be done
Shout out, we don't care, we don't care
I'm gonna win!
I'm gonna win!
Mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm
You
This is WFMU, right, let me turn that down, it's WFMU, best show on WFMU, and I, very
excited, welcome into the studio, with the top touring comics, is that how you should
be described?
Well I don't have to put the word touring, what if I didn't tour would I just fall down
a few notches?
You would say it's impressive. I'm already getting defensive. I've been in here 12 seconds
One of the top comics there you go in the game. Hey, why's it got to be game in in the biz?
Todd Barry's here. Hey everyone
Thank you for coming down Todd. Thank you for having me. It's very exciting
To have you here. You've been here. I think one other time, right? Yes. I have another time and you
you have a new album out of a new album out yeah it's called from heaven yeah
what do you think of that I'm excited about hearing it I've heard nothing but
good stuff about it people are really yes people are definitely into it that's
cool yeah it's got a five star ratings on iTunes I noticed okay six five star
ratings that's good it you get that one guy who has to like blow the curve there
There's a guy, there's a guy on, it was funny on E Music, there was a guy who did one of
those backhanded like, no this is a solid album, but because one other guy said it's
my best album yet and one guy said, this guy said, it's a good album, but I mean the
best album is just silly.
Can you just say you didn't like it?
Yeah.
But yeah, there's the guy who blows the car, but hey that's your right in America too.
As a member of the internet community.
Yeah, to post your comments.
Yeah.
Now this album is from heaven, and I guess who put it out? Comedy Central Records. Yes, you can yeah
It's like a juggernaut Comedy Central Records. They are everywhere
Everybody you have a nice
Nice label mates. You pretty much have anyone with a microphone. Yeah, they do have quite a few
Most comedian a lot of comedians are on. Yes, like I'm trying to think I'm trying to think of anyone who's not
Uh, I can think of people who aren't like, uh, yeah, I can think of a couple now, but
there's a lot of people who have a good, uh, they have a good selection of comedians.
Yes, a cross section.
A cross thing.
There's something for everyone on Comedy Central Records.
And you know what's for me at Comedy Central Records is your new album.
That fits my spot on the, on the, uh, the spectrum.
Excellent.
So you just you just did South by Southwest? I did. I'd never been there
before. It's quite overwhelming and noisy. Okay. And how many days were you
there for? Oh there are four nights and have you been there before? No. Really?
I've never gone to South by Southwest. Why not? I would think you'd be welcome.
I just it's not I get itchy around festival. You don't want to see 33
bands in one day no yeah and not shower yeah might not know yeah it's a
little overwhelming cuz you're kind of like are you gonna this party gonna
this party gonna this party and yelling I don't know if I can go all those
parties yeah so who so you did were you doing multiple sets down there I did
um I did four shows in three nights okay wow and the last one was outside and
was actually the best one.
The outside show was good?
Yeah, it was this big three stages in the breeders
who were on one stage, and I was on another stage.
A lot of comics were on the other stage.
The little comedy stage.
Yeah, and is that the idea of doing comedy outside.
You know, it seems like a bad idea,
but when it works, it's actually quite fun.
As you can see, yeah, you see everyone,
and if they're having a good time,
then you see lots of smiles and laughs,
and people videotaping you without asking stuff like that uh-huh but you
can't really stop them when there's eight hundred of them now it's hard to
uh you can't kill the momentum of your ten minutes set by going hey can you
can you put that how about you now you put that camera down yeah because now
you're just courting it now someone's like then you know I have to film this
I wasn't gonna use my no key of cell phone phone recording function yeah
you know what I'm trying to say yeah but this guy it's getting to him I know
that is the one thing about being a comic like that's the one thing I hide
here in the radio station away from everybody right or I don't have to come
face-to-face with people right I would be terrified to be on a stage yeah
talking yeah I'd be covered in a sheet of sweat if I had to do it yeah I guess
it is if I think about it it's quite scary yeah well what was it like when
you first did that? Were you in a panic when you started?
I was pretty nervous, but I actually went pretty well the first time. I've since had
flop sweat situations. It's usually when it's a situation where you're outside of any sort
of safety net, like if it's like, hey, you want to go do this private party and this men's
weird society outside of alan town pencil vane you take a bus there and uh...
it pays too much money to say no to and uh... you bomb it in a large in front of
like
sixty people and then you're kind of stuck with them and you're terrified
but you know
going there you can tell that was a real example too but this
specificity that's true that was i felt like i was actually at that lodge you
know mike swiney the guy who uh...
he's been a head writer for conan yeah
he got me that gig and then he also got
He's a good, he's a friend of mine, but he got me two of the worst, most painful gigs I've ever gotten in my life.
Both with the caveat that they were both really good gigs, I think.
The other one was actually worse. This is shockingly bad.
I did this, it was like ten years ago, I did this show. It was like a virtual golf.
It must have been more than ten years ago, fifteen years ago.
Some sort of virtual golf club in New York. This is pre-everyone having the Internet.
Okay, and people would play this game. I guess we'd sort of hit real golf balls against like a flat screen TV
I don't know how it worked. I guess hitting it into like a
Yeah, it was this weird society. I remember it was like on the fifth floor of this office building and this guy said, you know, it was like, I think I got $75 to do the show, which
I guess to some people might sound like a lot of money, but for the amount of emotional pain that I went, but then I remember the guy
he goes he wanted he goes I got I got a joke I want you to do that I wrote
mm-hmm I don't think I can do that and I think it was at the time when I was I was
less inclined to just I felt more like I had to say yes to everything I go it's
your joke he goes well it's a joke just and he basically was joke where he
wanted me to announce they didn't announce me as comedian they just
brought me up there uh-huh they went he went to me announced that someone in
their club had died right and I go really are you sure that they're gonna
Oh, yeah, I'll get this as a joke really cuz it sounds like a stranger comes up there and tells them that their friend died
Doesn't really sound I mean yeah doesn't sound really funny and I yeah
I have a wine range of things that make me laugh, but that doesn't sound funny
Yeah, and I did it and of course they gasped and then I had to look at him and go I told you this wouldn't work
And then he was like, you know
He was sort of reluctantly gave me my $75 after I bombed in front of like it was like nine people with his chair set up
It was terrible all of them
you kind of struck them to the emotional core.
Yeah, I mean, they just was launching your act
after it was terribly.
But it's like, now, when you went on stage,
you were just going up there as if you were coming up
with this horrible news.
I think they said, and then he gave me,
he also gave me some awful joke about,
it was an insider golf joke that he thought I should do.
I don't think I did that one.
But he was completely smashed while he was on.
So I just got out there and tell them that Freddy died and I, you know, really?
Yeah.
They'll love it.
They'll love to know that their friend died.
Yeah.
So I think it was just performing on the floor of some of this weird club.
So people were at this event and all of a sudden it's like, some guy just grabbed the
mic to just tell everything.
Yeah, he said, yeah.
It was like, exactly.
It was like, yeah.
Hey, here's Todd Barry and he has something to say.
Who's Todd Barry and why does he have something to say to us?
Those stories are though or you you cherish them though. Yeah, I mean it's it gave me something to say here to yeah
Who knew ten years later? Yeah, but I would be once you're on the I would now charge $100 for that same exact show
You're on the other side of things now, right? I'm the one who really dies
It's like now you're one of the haves. I am and you can look back at those moments as if they were charming back
Exactly. Yeah, it paid my dues, you know, yeah
You did pay your dues. Yeah, did you start doing stand-up when you were down and you grew up in Florida?
Yeah, I started in Florida. Okay. First place on one stage was a
Coconuts comedy club in North Miami
It was during the comedy boom of the 80s, which I'm sure you're familiar with. Yeah, that was an exciting time
It was an interesting time, but there was comedy everywhere and you could tour. You could tour Florida for like two months. Mm-hmm. Just
right down there were a lot of like one nighters where they just they would go
into like the local brewery type pub and go hey some guy would go in like a hey
enough I bring a mic and a PA here and you give me a thousand dollars all you
know I'll give $400 of it to a comedian in pocket arrest and we can have
comedy night and they would pack these places yeah you know and then the then
the boom became a bust game of bust but I think it's back to being somewhat of
I think there's plenty of comedy out there. Yeah, I think I think so and it seems like it's in it at least
It seems like people are finding the avenues the pro like there's almost like a sense of
regulation to things now where
Small people can play small places. Yeah. Yeah, small people
Made a short joke. It's cool. No, but you know just like the like you can you can
can cut your teeth in places that maybe might be a little more friendly and accommodating
to somebody who is just figuring things out, maybe you're doing it for other people who
are figuring things out.
But you don't have to necessarily go up at some, like the open mic night at Caron.
But actually, I mean personally, I think this might not be the answer you expect for me,
but I think it's good to go up at the open mic night.
Sure.
I mean there's too many people now who I've seen who are just like they're selective about where they go on
It's like you've been doing this three days and you're already picky about where you're performing. Yeah
Yeah, look I understand you but you are there. I'm not there. I am just an admirer
I don't mean to attack you right? Oh, I hardly took that as an attack, but if that's me attacking
I bring on the attacks, right? But people you're right in the fact that if you're gonna move forward
you kind of have to take your lumps right there's a lot of sort of really safe places
but though it does yeah completely serve you to play and only that kind of yeah to just play
you're rewarded for being with your friends right right yeah you took your lumps yeah now again
you are on the other side of it and that's why i got that limousine weight now so i'm trying to
we we're very excited we have tod berry in the studio and i will say if anybody has any questions
for Todd. The phone number is 201, 209, 9368. So when you were, when you were down in Florida,
taking your lumps, I'm not trying to focus on the early days, yeah, but you know, you, you
obviously amongst the people who I am a huge fan of, you have, you have a distinctive voice and an
approach to the way you present yourself. How long was it before you, you felt comfortable with
that that you know I don't know I mean I only did comedy in Florida for about a
year and then I moved up here kind of probably sooner than I needed to okay
but I didn't want to get out of there anyway so it kind of worked out I don't
know I mean because I know that I speak in some sort of weird way that people
occasionally imitate to my face and I never realized I did so I that just
evolved I don't know how long before I came but that's flattery yeah yeah yeah
But I guess I never realized that I taught differently on stage than I do.
I love how you hold the mic, personally.
Oh, it kind of jerk it, don't it?
Like Rawlins.
I am like Rawlins.
Too hand in it.
Getting the van.
You have that two-fisted approach.
I also, well, I was just going to try to make a Rawlins jet.
I know I can make one here.
You look, if you make a Rawlins, that's actually-
I also use that kind of underwear,
I wear polyester underwear, because I could wash it out in the sink,
at the nights in that I'm staying.
I read that he wears, I read some tour diary of his,
where he's like that, but I'll wear this kind of underwear
because I can just wash it in the sink.
All right, Henry.
He'll be talking about it.
You can also pack an extra couple pairs underwear.
You can do that as well.
You can pack extra underwear, or buy some even.
Yeah, they, yeah, there was a funny thing about Black Flag.
They're talking about when they're on tour
and they're all sleeping, like,
They had these two rows of bunks built in their van.
It sounded like a slave ship.
I mean, you realize they were going these places
playing in front of like 900 kids,
and it's like, even if you were getting $1
from each of those kids, which you were getting more than that,
you can afford to not have to drive around in a slave ship
with everybody stacked two rows high.
Yeah, I think, though, that, yeah.
But I guess with neofactoring gas
and paying a roadie $50.
But they did everything themselves.
Right, yeah.
They were just like, they were so DIY.
Yeah, yeah.
Though, but now he's like, well.
I think he gets real hotel room this time.
I think so now.
Now he's actually, he's, he's the,
it would be your neighbor in the business.
You're, you're, maybe he's not.
He's not living in the same apartment as you,
but he's across the street.
Right.
And he tells stories.
Yeah.
That's a funny business.
Just telling.
Going up there and talking.
Those shows are long.
He does these things where it's like.
I've never seen him live.
Talks for like three and a half hours.
Does he really?
Yeah.
I wouldn't want to hear anyone talk for three and a half.
Three and a half hours is, let's just say that's a long time.
Yeah, I mean, if Christ showed up and started talking,
it'd be like, so you can get the point after two hours of anyone.
Yeah, it's like, I saw Eddie Isard once he had an intermission.
It was like an intermission.
Wow. Yeah.
Hour and 15 out the door.
Boom.
That is a long time.
Yeah.
These are even that's long for anyone.
And then now there's all these guys doing these marathons.
Like I said, the world record.
Yeah.
Actually it was, I was in San Francisco when I guess before
Dane Cook broke the record.
Chappelle, Chappelle, I guess, because he's powerful.
he can he would show up that this punch the punchline in San Francisco and just
on stage got I want to do another show tomorrow mm-hmm and then they'd
frantically call ticket master and set up yeah and then he would sell and they
would leak it and then it would sell out in 12 seconds yeah and then he would
do these like like three four hour shows yeah oh that's insane what's great
if you're waiting tables there and you have a kid
The idea is like, my mommy's not going to be home until four in the morning.
Yeah, she pells going long.
Tell them Nancy to stay there.
We'll give her another six bucks.
The phone number 201, 209, 9368.
We have Todd Barry in the studio.
He's here. His new CD is called From Heaven.
It's his third.
It's my third.
Third CD.
Is this kind of like, is it like born to run for you?
was well I don't even know these Bruce Springsteen readings from Asbury Park
would have been medium energy then your second album would have been the
wild the innocent in the street shuffle yes well Springsteen jokes in New Jersey
this is excellent and then this from heaven this is his whatever is there
one to run this is it you stepped up to the place my born Iran right before
they hired Max. I'm going to hire Max Weinberg for my next
job. That'd be very exciting. He's very funny. I had one thing I was
going to ask you. I'm not going to try to stay away from certain
things. I'm worried to keep this nice and positive. I'm tired of
people. Were you going to trash me? No, I know that. But you know
I'm not going to try. But it's just the, well, you heard, for
For example, I took two calls in a row, people are trying to get me to keep talking about
June now.
Oh, June now, yeah.
Yeah.
It's like I saw it in early December and came on here and complained about it, said I didn't
like it.
And admittedly, I kept talking about it throughout December.
I kind of, you know, I got to say, I didn't hate that movie.
Oh, boy.
I think people, do you think people were sort of piling on that movie a little bit?
I think there was a pile.
Regardless of how you feel about it.
Yes, I do.
I would say that some of the problems I had with it were not the things that people were complaining about it
although I had problems with the
Crazy hip dialogue and all that stuff. I had other problems with it that went deeper than that
but
Yeah, there was a bit of a a pile on and it kind of was a fun thing to kick around
It's time. It's over. Yeah. Yeah, she won the Oscar. It's over now. It's out of theaters. I'm assuming
We can all move on now. We can move on. We didn't like it. It happened.
Can we talk about good will hunting then? I guess it's past the time.
Yeah, that I think good will hunting is in our collective rear view mirrors also.
So I'm not going to bring up anybody because, you know, that's just not fun.
What trashing a comic? Yeah, the pile on.
everybody likes who they like yeah and also you know I mean regardless who you
were gonna bring up and I'm pretty sure I know you were gonna bring up but the
you don't really oh okay but the I do notice like when people in vlogs they'll
list their favorite comics mm-hmm I always admire the people who like list
people who me and along with people they hate so I feel like that's a more true
opinion than someone who says all the quote-unquote right people that they
Yeah, do you know what I mean? Yeah, yeah, you people who like the right people I feel like some dude who just kind of says
I like that takes it in is not going who would
At the UCB who would I who would they tell me to like or whatever?
You know, I think you know what I mean. Yeah, yeah, not that they tell you what the UCB would like
But yeah, you know there's a certain clickiness
Yes, but you were a part of that click. I am on some level. Yeah, people love you. I some people do you're a lifer
there's an onion interview with me and I don't know if you saw that but I heard
about so many so many hateful comments but I mean comments in a blog are always
oh those comments are horrible at the onion that people put on the I mean I
guess it'd be weird if I didn't have any horrible comments yeah but the yeah
it's all these internet tough guys they just like sort of dude in his dorm
yeah he's gonna get it yeah exactly it's interesting that all these blogs and
websites give these people a voice, it's kind of like,
I mean, you can have your comment right below
what your content is about, it's kind of amazing.
And it's not like you're saying it about like it,
like, it's not like the onion interview with Tom Hanks,
and it's like, he's not looking back at that thing.
Right, whereas I am looking at it every,
I'm looking, in fact, turn their monitor towards me.
Uh-huh, do you want to make sure?
I want to have an update, yeah.
See how many comments, yeah.
but it's like they're obviously the comments
that's actually more empowering for these people now to go like
you're right he's seeing it
yeah i know i should have brought it up now i've just basically asked for
another six hundred comments
i don't look at them i don't read my own press
it's hard to resist though isn't it yeah i don't i never quite believe people
said they don't read i guess if you're someone like Madonna who's
three thousand things written about her day you could say i don't read
everything
we're literally you would have to get handed a uh...
a dossier right every day was like
here's the here's today's stories right and she'd be like i don't feel like
reading this stuff
i've been doing this for twenty eight years now
yeah but uh...
people need to call out on the internet
everyone cool out on the internet
the person i was actually going to ask you was a lenny bruce
all really
yeah okay that was not what you're doing
do you what you don't
you know i have limited experience with lenny bruce believe it or not i saw
the movie about them
Yeah, so I can't, I'm not well versed on any of yours.
Cause I keep like getting these albums.
Like you're disappointed.
Like I keep trying to figure it out.
Right.
But it just, I can't think of anything
that has aged worse than these Lenny Bruce albums.
But it's like talking about these people
I've no idea who he's talking about.
These references like Sonya Henny.
It's like, and then the audience is roaring on them
and then halfway through the thing
I'll always be like, ah, it's cool.
It's cool, we're just doing this thing.
It's cool.
And he's like some like beatnik rant
in the middle of his, in the middle of his standup.
He just like, he's like establishing his place
in like the bit, in the culture,
in the middle of it to make sure everybody knows that
we're all cool being here and doing this.
It's hip.
But he started out as like a real crowd pleaser-y type.
Yeah.
Sort of generic maybe, is the right word kind of?
And then I think he got, yeah,
then he kind of found his voice.
He got into that, what they called it, sick humor,
what he did.
They were bent out of shape.
I didn't realize how rich he was though.
I saw that documentary on it, crazy big house.
I just assumed he was just like a East Village dirt bag.
I assumed he lived in my building.
I will say the phone number, 201.
They were warming up now.
They're enjoying this.
I'm not a guy who brings in a lot of calls.
You know what?
You just threw down the gauntlet right now.
201, 209, 9368.
Now we are officially ready to take your phone call.
Todd Barry's in studio.
It's very exciting.
We appreciate him coming down.
I say we as if it's.
Well, there's 40 people in this room right now.
Some corporations.
The president of WFMU is here.
Yes.
He appreciates you coming down.
Nice beamer, by the way.
Yeah.
Sure.
I was going to ask you something else.
I'm trying to remember.
It's weird.
I'm so used to being on like commercial radio.
Like I always think you're about to go to commercial.
Oh, man.
We're still in this.
No.
Okay.
It's just.
What are you going to ask me now?
It's low key here.
Fly to the concords.
That's right.
You were a you.
That's another feather in your cap.
Thank you for bringing it up.
I didn't know what you were going to ask.
No.
But that was that was fantastic.
I just you know, can I say I just did a radio tour for the record where you they basically
set up nine radio interviews in a row and they just go, all right, you're going to
this city now, you're going to this city now. And three out of nine, at least three out
of nine of the DJs did not even know what flight of the concords was.
Uh-huh.
Which I found fascinating.
Yeah, it's not a...
Like, I understand, oh, I haven't watched it, but I've never even heard of it.
Yeah.
Like, you're in radio and you should be on pulse of popularity.
Yeah. I mean, they were running those commercials for it.
Yeah, it's on HBO.
You know what that is, right?
Yeah.
When those guys were watching the sopranos, they were seeing
commercials for this thing.
Unless they were just like, oh, don't care what that.
That looks stupid.
And then just instantly disregarding it.
But that was actually, first of all, you're acting.
Oh, phenomenal, I think you took it up a notch.
From what we have seen in the past.
I cut loose a little bit.
You did.
I know I did.
I thought it was fantastic.
I kind of dove into it a little bit.
that
uh... is this call get ready
fm you're on the air
hate on the part of the mirror and florida
hello how are you
i'm good i'm actually i'm in gainsville part former stomping ground
how are you
i think i know you are going on
i hope that
uh...
i was going to say i do like i like a new album for thank you thank you very
much
and uh... particularly i just want to ask you about the bit about under
the base player in spin doctors uh...
uh... firstly
uh... amazed and very impressed that you would recognize him in a park
well this was a time when he uh...
they were actually
you know and incidentally by the way
the guy might be my space he saw the bit on conan
but uh...
yeah i do a bit about seeing the base player from the spin doctors
in a park reading base player maxi
it's a true story
but uh... it was a time when they were in the news a lot so his picture was in
the paper
okay cool and i'm i'm i'm just wondering
who who are some other people of that of that sort of elk that you see around
because i'm sure that the v new york you see plenty of
actual famous people but they're not nearly as interesting so do you often see
other people around in new york yeah i mean i've seen uh... who dress
i've seen uh... david joe hanson the subway twice i've seen
henry winkler on the subway
wow these are just my subway celebrity side i saw joe jackson on the subway
All right.
I used to see Peter Jennings on the bus.
Who else have I seen?
Lots of them.
I always saw Rob Lowe, though I was the last one I saw in my
building buying an egg cream at the deli.
Really?
Yeah.
Good guy?
I didn't chat him up.
He seemed nice while he was paying for his drink.
Didn't steal it.
Like, no, I didn't steal it and try to run out and threw down
his $2.80.
Good guy.
But New York, yeah.
How's Gainesville doing?
it's good uh... you should you can come down and perform here again
i've never performed that you know i want to college there
that's right here why don't you get me but there amir
uh...
i'll make some i'll talk about people bob saggot coming here so we definitely need
someone like you where's he plays he planned the o'connell said
here it's yeah
that's a nine thousand c arena that's crazy
uh... yeah elton john just cancelled a couple of days ago and there are the
o'connell center
they were on the same bill that replaced with the
for those of you who are having holding tickets for elton john bad news he
canceled good news we have bob sachin
that would be a bit
go through it with that just for the uh... just for the uh... i saw a great
people in history
i saw i saw the talking heads for free at the university florida
really
so um...
i walk out of a stevie rayvon concert at the university uh...
no disrespect but
you wish you stayed now though
i know i could catch that uh... saggot concert
in a hockey in a hockey arena
he's funny actually makes a lot
uh... well tom the big fan yes i'm a huge bob saggot fan book
i'm not going to be not here
this guy's this guy's got to work with people
now i i have no i have no problem about that that's it is funny him playing
arena though
yeah exactly i think we could all laugh at that including him
all right well hopefully you'll get me a book down there talk to the uh...
student government productions
now it will be back in the evening by who have you seen on the streets a
mirror
uh... in game no yeah no one right then montage
top and maybe
couple of couple of college basketball players um...
tim tim pibo it's all athletes not a lot of athletes don't have to have to
have to be a comedian to take a big time
we got we got nothing that i'm claiming that played here last year
so then that's what i said
it's not no no henry winkler i wish
You can always come up here where the stars flow like water.
You can throw a rock and hit someone famous.
I'll be there one day.
All right, man.
Thank you.
Thanks for taking my call.
Sure.
Oh, I didn't take your call, but yeah.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, guys.
This is Mike in Brooklyn.
Hey, Mike.
What part of Brooklyn?
Park slope.
New many parks love material anything. No, but I ate it. I ate it Aldi law. Not too long. It was good
Well, I'm actually gonna ask you about fly the conchords with Tom brought it up, okay
What about what about the red wine boys? Oh my God? It's weird. I did this thing with John Benjamin called the red wine boys
I think we did four shows total. Yeah, and I think I get more. I don't know
I think I've met everyone who's been at those shows. I was in Portland and me and me and John were in Portland
And this car drives by and this woman goes red wine boys
And it's just this ridiculous pointless thing John and I do where we just
Host this show and we drink red wine. Yeah, I can't really think of anything else. We did that's good in the show
but people either love it or hate it and
Mike do you love it? I
Do love it say I think it's the best. It's the only thing I sort of phased out of my space
But it's I'd still go back for the for the red wine boys
Oh, thanks, man. Are you guys updating here? I haven't updated that my space
I got a lot of friend requests to deal with
Where you from like you got an accent there do I I'm from Indiana originally
But I lived down south for I went with the school down south, so maybe it's bad. Okay. How many packs of cigarettes you smoke
i don't smoke any packs actually i think this is i'm i'm so smoky i think this
is like tom daringer calling it or chris christophis yeah you you definitely
have the voice you're one of the few who got this voice naturally then uh yeah
it's all genetics you can get some voice over work man say i know i've done
podcast but uh yeah that's really yeah i'm not talking about voice work that
anyone
with a microphone
anyone who's been to the apple store can get a talk about high-profile
the money
all right
all right thanks for uh... to take my call to her
all right but
fm you you're on the air
hey tom and thought this is the end of the whole book
dan and hoboken
how are you tonight
good at you guys don't get
dan called two oh one two oh nine
nine three six eight
okay
so i just had a question for uh... tied uh... usually when i go to see
uh... comedy show the openers or the host will be kind of these larger than
life characters who
you know they'll be loud and very energetic
and i feel like going from something like that into your act would kind of
like the do you have a problem meshing with dot like that sometimes
you mean having like a high-energy opening act
uh...
it depends on who the opening act is if it's
I don't know, there's been times where
I've had someone just complete me, hand me my butt.
But it, to me it's more a tone thing,
like if they're just, if their act is stupid,
and it gets people too silly,
then maybe it's hard for me to follow,
but I follow, I mean, I followed a guy once who's,
a black guy who put on fake dreads and did a reggae song,
and I was like, oh, I'm gonna die the death of death.
And I actually did fine. So I don't know. You know, I mean, there's people I'd rather not go on after, but it doesn't necessarily mean
I'm gonna have a rough time. Yeah, how much how much influence do you have over like who opens for you?
It depends. I mean, I generally try to control that. I mean, I brought people lately who are on tour with me and
But sometimes you'll show up at a comedy club and they're like, oh, we already booked the opener and this guy
We really like and then it's someone who's like I
Mean I've had it where I go if you book that guy
you must not have ever seen me once, ever.
You must be completely,
because some of these, you know,
if you'd work like a chain comedy club,
sometimes the guy is just doing it
because someone said, hey, you can make money
and if you invest in this comedy club
and he doesn't really know anything
or have any sort of taste.
But some clubs really put a show together nicely.
Yeah.
Now we're at Dan.
But I don't necessarily want to follow someone who's like,
they don't have to be low-key, but.
Right, right.
How about when you're on one of these bills
with your peers?
Do you get that competitive instinct in you?
Those are usually good, because they're usually those audiences
are, if it's sort of like a quasi,
like I hate to say all-star show, but like a bunch of people.
So there's an all-star show?
Yeah, they're sort of excited, and they're not.
Yeah.
It's not so much like, oh, can I follow this guy?
Because you're not so worried about,
They're sort of, it's an equal playing feeling.
You're just keeping it going.
I'm just gay, I'm just the next person there.
Yeah.
I don't have to say.
Yeah.
Not that that means I'm going to do well, but yeah.
But do you like closing those shows,
or do you want to be part of the train?
I don't necessarily have, I mean,
if it's like a bunch of people who are all sort of
at my level, I don't necessarily,
sometimes it's nice to go on like third.
You kind of, their audience is warmed up,
and you're not tired, and you do it,
and then you just hang out, and yeah.
You also don't have to wait around for an hour.
And also, if you go on after 12 comics,
there's always like, premises that have been burned.
And you kind of like, you feel like you have to watch
the entire show, like, you know, some guy talks about
cheese right before you go on, and you're like,
oh, I was gonna do this.
Great cheese joke.
Not that I would ever talk about cheese,
because I'm a political comic, but.
How many newspapers do you read?
I read the, what's that, Harold Tribune,
the International Art Tribune.
I read that three times, and then the post.
okay
now i don't know if you're going to buy tops album
i am going to buy actually i uh... subscribe to rhapsody and i believe it's
on rhapsody already i checked it while you guys are on
uh...
don't you have to have windows windows you can use it with mac and you're absent
oh well you can't get the program but you can go on to the way i actually have
a problem to have a mac now but you can uh... go on to their
website and kind of extreme it's not going to have the program but
are you a comedian that
i'm not a comedian now i'm a fan of
i was sort of a com
i thought by your question you might be a comedian
but it was a good idea i would just think you know uh... a guy like i i would
just think maybe you'd have problems with like audiences that were like
too riled up and then coming in and kind of
settling into like a lower key
uh...
that is
for them until they're
i don't know you force people to live i know i'm being self-faked self-deprecating
you love what thanks man
i think what i think that
we've taught barry in the studio
so he's here on the uh...
the promo tour
i like these callers so far
it's a good good people yes there's and they're into it see they'd like
to that guy
not a comic he's not an interesting question
but he's into the minutia yeah i have it
yeah that was a good question
there's a whole group of people
who study it now so
these people listening on the internet some of them is that with the
like that from okay sure we're at that w f m u dot o r g
i thought it was streamed the next day that's why i got you know it's it's a
archive the next time i got it streams live okay streaming is live i'm down
sorry
fm u you're on the air
hi tom tom hello it's mike in chicago i'm i was i had a question for you guys
you were talking about lanny bruce earlier and i was just kind of wondering
why
you think that so many comedians have a hard time
holding up the test the time
and musicians not not quite as much
like when you go and you watch like bob hope
not funny fifty years ago
i might hazard a guess
we would not have liked bob hope if we were in the forties that's true but i
think there are people like you know jonathan winners that i think we're kind
of funny
but i i as well as people like robert johnson that i just
i i know it's important but i just cannot
don't get my car and listen to it you don't listen robert johnson all day like
i do
now i'm not i mean i i like
yeah i feel like you're supposed to like them but you're like i can't
second and little need like a little bit of like a lot
a little bit of modern
something to it just like i feel like
this is great but it's not it's not what they made for me so i i have a
heart i'm getting into it
every i feel like there's people like that
i think everybody has a different entry point to where where they're comfortable
right things like with the
some people listen to the rolling stones and then other than people will
say all well you gotta hear what
what they were influenced by and then you listen to it and you're like
i think i might just keep listening to the rolling stones
right exactly like those riffs and stuff i'm like
there's something to that i just i feel like you have to be a historian to
understand it
and do you feel that way with the comedy
i feel like that well i feel like that it to it to uh
a degree where it's
like i watch you know johnny karthin from the sixty's and it's just like
some of the stuff is kind of funny when he's like bombing
generally it's not that funny and like lenny bruce isn't funny to me either
that's kind of what i call
you're talking like that i i just don't i know it was important at the time
but i think comedy is so much funnier now
and
back then it was just i i i have a hard time getting that into it i feel like
it's a million times better now maybe just because
i can relate to it more
well you can appreciate what johnny karson it was
as a performer though sure sure and
and i i i i like him and i don't have anything against him but it it's just
not nearly as entertaining
but i feel like there's stuff like a ctv i love that
and there's so many top those references that
that i don't even i didn't even get that i would
but maybe there was stuff around the time of johnny karson may be like i
don't who would be an example like the smothers brothers or something so
where was really timely
we're a little more uh...
maybe less for the broader audience then yeah
right
like it was a day they just seem to be more entertainer i don't think you live
back then you would be saying there's no comedy for me
mm-hmm what you know i mean
right are there people from that air that you really
we're like in a sea of people that you did not we're not influenced by are
there certain people you can
recall like yes that was
uh... i i
I want to see Andy Kaufman way back, and I liked him, and he was sort of just, I can't
explain why I did.
But I saw him also in his heyday when he was just breaking before the wrestling thing
took over.
But I also saw Huda, I mean I saw like Jay Leno way before I did the night show and
Sam Kinison and people like that, I guess they would be sort of modern still.
Yeah.
Great.
carland
i never saw steve martin
i don't know if i'm answering
i know that's okay i just kind of know i know you're saying that i know you're
saying
it's it seems like a lot of people will say that you know not a lot of
uh... youth culture isn't really that into going back into fifties comedy but
i i think it also is just the same with music like the same reason maybe your
father won't listen to your albums
right right and i don't listen to it
do whatever you know
But I don't feel like you know like Louie Armstrong or something like that
I can I can get into but then it I don't know it's just good if you're at a bar
This will be I'll stay at this bar, but yeah, and then you actually go get a Louie Armstrong album
And you're like yeah, I'm not listening to this
Yeah, you don't actually watch listen to it. You just like to have heard it. Yeah like to hear it. All right
Well, thank you guys. Thanks Tom for the big dipper stuff. You're welcome. All right
that
fm you're on the air with tard berry
hey tom and uh... this is david from d.c.
hey
uh... hi
i uh... i wanted to uh... congratulate you on your recent arlington
draft house shows they were
they were hilarious thank you
thank you that was a place
yeah my question is uh... every time i've seen you i've only seen you three
times but uh...
you've brought uh... comedians with you who i really like uh... happened
don't previously like uh... leo alan hasha lachero yeah
and i was wondering if there are any other uh...
uh... relatively obscure comics sort of popping comers that you could
recommend to me
oh god uh... well those two are really good uh...
on the panic now
uh... louis c.k. now i'm joking
uh...
who's good that's out there
i always panic
i'd you know i can't let me think about that
uh...
but it's hard because you know they might not be in your area
but you should go see i think andy kenler's coming down and you should go
see him
all i have yet he is and uh... marine bamford yet actually have a running to
draft house that's a really good schedule
paul f Thompson's coming there uh...
uh...
yeah i would have to think about that cuz i'll leave someone out and i'll start
that's fine i'll just see who you bring with you next time you come down here
i'm glad you liked who i brought so far
although they were great and thanks for all of us well thank you
thank god
have you ever played a casino
yeah i have i've played uh...
a few times and how are those shows general there are i mean the problem with
the casino shows like i mean there's one in particular
i've done a few times where
they uh...
you play this cool room i mean like i just did one with louis actually was
good the hard rock and
and it was me and
he and i on the first show
And then the English beat on the second show.
The early show with that, isn't it?
So you have stuff like that that's kind of weird
and show-busy and like I did one because, you know,
Connecticut was me, the early show.
Roberta Flack was the late show, I think.
Or I was the late show.
Roberta Flack was it.
But sometimes, I mean, they're not exactly,
there's one casino in particular where the front row,
they're get, they got really rowdy a few times.
I'm like, can you do something about this?
Well, you know what, those are high rollers and, you know.
We're friends of high rollers.
Okay, so they gamble out, so they buy the right
to ruin my show.
Okay, so but the thing is,
just he knows usually you do a short show
and it's, they usually pay well, so it's kind of a,
I don't know, they're not my favorite shows to do,
but at the same time, as a goof once in a while.
It's a good, yeah.
I saw Don Rickles a couple months ago.
Yeah, I mean, how was that?
It was great.
I'd love to see him.
I mean, I saw him way, way back a long time ago.
He's insane in that way that he's the real deal.
Yeah.
He's like performance art in a way.
Just saying anything that comes into his mind,
and it's sometimes it's not even a joke.
It just has the rhythm of a joke,
but you laugh at it anyway, though.
Yeah, it's cool that the guy's probably 85 or whatever.
Yeah.
I thought it was awesome.
Truly funny.
Yeah.
Ooh, another call here.
uh... two or one two or nine nine three six eight
fm you you're on the air
hey tom good evening this is josh in miami
josh how are you
i'm doing great
uh... i thought i thought you uh... last january open for you you'll attend
go here in miami and that that was really fun show thank you
are you kind of dealt with the pecklers and some mike trouble you know that
was my
i had some mike trouble
it was funny because the banded like a four-hour sound check
Then I got there, all I do is talk,
and the mic is screwed up for like 10 minutes of my show.
Well, I think this would be the easier
to deal with.
But yeah, I remember that show, yeah.
But I just had a quick question for you,
and I haven't really read the liner notes to your albums,
but I kind of wanted to ask you about the difference
between recording an album over like a series of shows,
versus recording a single show, and that being the album,
And what your what your process is um, I always record at least two shows
I mean, I don't I think it's pretty standard to do that. I don't know if that's cheating, but
I am I recorded three shows for this one and then just
For this latest one and just from heaven. Yeah, and I mainly I think I mainly used
One show one show I scrapped completely
Then I used you know bits of the second show, but I think mainly one show it came out of
but that's the way I do it I don't know if any I mean guess some people I guess
Patton just recorded one show for one of his albums and just edited edited it
down yeah and then released I guess the entire thing at some point but yeah like
oh I don't I want a choice I mean I guess but but then again I did my when I
did my half hour special you only get one shot at those I don't know it's
probably I wouldn't want to record like I know David Cross recorded six weeks of
shows for one of his albums and that it's hard enough to listen to three
shows I can imagine listening you mean those those start polling takes yeah
because then if there's you know then you're like did something spontaneous
happen on that third show and in Louisville or something but yes that's
the way I do it it's I think that and and do you work like with an editor and
how like you know how does that you know how much do you have pretty much like
the whole say over over what yeah yeah there's no one editing process yeah I
control all that there's no one I mean there's the guy from county central
records who sits there but he's he's not going you have to put this joke in
mm-hmm because I'll just punch him yeah it's not that it's not that ugly I
kind of I pick everything but it it's a really tedious painful process believe
or not just sitting there chopping it down well yeah it's just cuz then you're
like you get two takes and it cuz I'm pretty obsessive and it's like can you
just play that one take again and then you're just like I don't even know what
I'm listening for anymore and then that's someone you just go you know just
release it yeah that's when I fly to Barbados and take three weeks off just
to get away from it go to Barbados you hear it with new ears yeah I and I
listened to it on the flight to Barbados but I don't you know I haven't listened
to this one since it came out so there could be mistakes on it but I'm sure
there's not there could be my american express number revealed on it also
you're like that uh... that commercial that the guy did that social security
now yeah i've seen that one and this might real social security or he dares
you you know that one you know it's like a million dollars identity it would be
funny if some guy just totally still like that yeah or what if that guy
reading it was reading it
yeah social security number that he stole right that wasn't
that's on you
But that $1 million challenge to that, like, no one can steal any of your information.
Right.
I mean, how much does that service cost, then, if they're, who is it, $10,000?
No, no, we're not going to be able to offer this million till we get another 10,000 subscribers
to fund.
Please don't steal any of these people's identities until we can serve up that million.
We're still in the red.
All right, man.
Thanks, Josh.
Thank you.
Have a good night.
years ago I saw you do a thing live at eating it. Where you had printed out a
giant oversized version of your credit card statement. Yeah you know and then
and right after that I don't think they stole it but Discover Card did a
commercial ad campaign where they had people doing sort of something. I thought
you know. Yeah. Yeah that was fun. Yeah that was one of the funniest things where
you you proudly rubbed the fact that you donated to doctors without borders in
everyone's face. Yeah man I think I donated like 25 50 75 bucks. My charitable
contributions have gone up exponentially since then with as in ratio to my you
know I'm trying to say yes I know there's a word I'm looking for. You're a big
shots now do you miss that kind of don't I miss eating it I like eating it yeah I
like eating it and I like you know I guess the moderate the more modern invite
them up was sort of the uh-huh yeah I was never around on Wednesdays oh no okay
yeah I mean it's slightly different vibe but I thought it was I invite them up
was a great show but yeah those were that was quite a fun scene yeah you know
What else is a fun scene taking call?
This call.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi, Tom.
Hi, Todd.
Hey.
So, my name's Eric.
Hey.
How's it going?
I saw you recently and you, it was the 20th anniversary show.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
But like cupcakes with your headshot.
Right.
Mm-hmm.
I thought that was awesome.
Thank you.
It's cost me over $400, by the way.
Over $400.
Yeah, to get.
I figured it had to be a lot.
Yeah, it was not cheap, but it was worth it.
So yeah, I've seen you like a bunch of times at alternative shows and it seems like you'll do
like 10 minutes until maybe like one joke, two jokes and just kind of vamp, but I've seen a lot of people do that, but they usually, you know, like
They go long because when they get to the end of it
They have to tell all the jokes that they plan to tell. Right. And I was just wondering how
like how you got to the point where you were comfortable enough to just kind of
Not worry about that, you know, like well those shows. I mean sometimes I
I mean I always like those shows where I feel like oh my god
I'm well
I guess where I'm riffing and I go wow I haven't told one joke
And then sometimes you get to a point where it's like I really should tell a joke at this point
But you're having so much fun not telling your jokes
But it depends if I'm just doing 10 minutes I could totally if things if the planets align
I could riff the entire thing, but if I'm doing 45 minutes, then there's always someone gonna be back
Who wouldn't when you could tell a joke?
So you sort of has to ease into your act at some point, but also at those at those rooms
I'm fairly
Accepted so there's not a lot of it's not like some guys gonna take me aside go. Hey, man
Yeah, you got to step up if you want to come back here
You didn't really bring it tonight
There's not really if you want it because you're not getting paid to begin with I mean or a lot
But that's exactly it was a lot of those things. It's like four dollars to get in right and there's 11 comedians doing stuff
Right, and then you are um, you know, like you're just going up there to
Work some stuff out right? I mean I do it's it's always I mean as much as I loved doing those sets
Sometimes you go wow I didn't really work out any structured material
But if it was a fun show and people had a good time and I had a good time then
one thing I'll never forget when I went there was a
There was a comedy
show. I forget where it was. It was like somebody was trying to add, there was
that stretch where they were trying to have a, and it was almost like every night
they were gonna have some sort of thing. It was like eating, it was on a day.
Somebody was trying to organize something on like a Tuesday night or
something and it was at a place. It's like at a bakery or something and then I saw
you there and you were like, you were saying like yeah I'm gonna go up I got
all kinds of new stuff I'm gonna work on and then you went up and you did about
25 minutes and you you just made fun of the evening. Oh, I remember that was on
Fifth Avenue. That was the that cafe. Yes, that was it. And you you did it was one
of the funniest things I've ever seen because you never once had told one
joke and you had talked about how you were planning to work at all this new
stuff but you couldn't there's like a backdrop and they had all these like
website names just like you know I do remember that I don't remember it
specifically what I said, I was like politicalcomedy.com.
It was like, there was like 30 sponsors for the evening.
And that was all it took for you.
That gave you 25 minutes of just making fun of these.
It is always exciting when I see something
that I can latch on that's fresh from, you know,
like, I can't wait to talk about this.
That was, honestly, that was one of the,
for me seeing comedy live, I will say,
that was one of the funniest things I've ever seen.
Oh, thank you.
And that is when I knew that you were top shelf.
Oh, cool.
Top shelf.
Are we still on the line?
Are you still here?
I am.
I was kind of waiting for a flight time to sign off.
OK, fine.
I think he was waiting for me to answer his question,
which I never did.
No, you did.
You did that.
Pretty much, I guess.
Thanks for calling.
Yeah, thank you.
Thanks.
201, 209, 9368.
We are here with Todd Barry, live in the studio.
It's very exciting.
He has a new album out called From Heaven.
And people can get this anywhere.
They can get it.
Yeah, it's pretty well distributed.
Amazon, has it?
Best Buy.
Best Buy, yeah.
A friend of mine wrote to me today
and said she saw it at FYE in the gospel section.
Because I guess they saw heaven in the battle.
They assumed it could only be a gospel album.
Yeah, just filing it.
You know like the cheap trick heaven tonight out in as a gospel. Yeah, and they didn't look at the Comedy Central logo on
the back the
Two-inch diameter settled hints like that
So you are you around now, are you gonna are you gonna hit the road?
You gonna you got touring? Yeah, I'm gonna do where am I going? I mean I got some local stuff, but then
The 28th and the 29th. I'm doing some shows with Louie CK. Okay one in Hartford one in
Sparta, New Jersey? Where is that? Where is Sparta? Hey Mike, where is Sparta?
Northwest? How am I gonna get there? Is that like around Wayne? Oh that's a good
point around. Okay. It's near Wayne. They're Wayne. 46? Yeah. It's getting on 46.
46 West. I just made a movie. Did you know that? No. I was in a movie. The new
Darren Aronofsky movie. Really? Yeah. What was that wrong for me to bring that up?
No, it was filmed here in New Jersey then and the character's name was Wayne. So it no one ever planned to bring it up
No, but what what you played Wayne in this movie? Yeah, I played huh, you know who waited no
It's a Mickey Rourke stars in it. It's called the wrestler. I heard about yeah, and I play his boss
What's that Mike?
Yeah, I was in Bayon. I was on Bayon
Yeah, I was at the supermarket in Bay
Was it was covered by the movie being made in Bayon was picked up by the
they own this paper a lot going on and I would say I would say that should be a
no-brainer I think that they would write about that Bayon is one of those towns
where it would be like you know if you were trying to film at a a school for
example in a lot of towns that they want to see this script and make sure it's
it's appropriate right I think Bayon would I think Bayon it just they let
anything film there where like the high school like all those sopranos things
of like the kid AJ smashing the school up and just being like a hoot loom it's
just like yeah just shoot it at bayon high that's fine I'm a ten grand sure
just come here he can do whatever he wants you want to beat up one of our
actual students what we need to do they just be able to kill the principal you
got it just no morals no morals clauses in those school contracts because like
Bloomfield didn't even want the sopranas to shoot in that that final scene in
that ice cream parlor there was some guy in the town who was like it's like
this show was slanderous and it's a glorifies you know violence and mobsters
and like so there was like a real controversy over that but Bayon it's
just like whatever just yeah we filmed in a supermarket like while it was open
it was pretty cool and and are you is this a big part it's pretty big small
part that makes sense and you have seen no I do you have scenes with Mickey
Roar yeah all my scenes are with Mickey Roar I play his boss I'm kind of not
especially nice to him see a good guy yeah I mean I didn't have any extensive
conversations but he was nice you have his dogs with him he did not have his
dog okay but he had a what do you know I didn't have his dog with him I've
heard about his dog he's got a little like wow or something yeah like those
Paris Hilton dogs yeah and when can we look forward to the wrestler I don't
know I think in the maybe next year okay they're wrapping it this week so
okay so you're sure by the end of the week they'll have it added in and be out
by I'd say April 1st so that you're you are wrapped on the wrestler yeah I
I did three, three nights, three days.
That's great.
April 1st, I'll be in Little Rock, Arkansas.
My Arkansas debut, by the way.
Do you have any listeners in Arkansas?
I'm sure we do.
Juanita's.
The show is gigantic.
My play is called Juanita's.
You have no idea how huge the show is now.
How many people listen to this show?
Did I put you on the spot?
I'm sorry.
A lot.
We, thousands and thousands, right?
A thousand, 10 thousands upon 10 thousands.
That's a lot.
It's a huge show.
That's a lot.
what your your album does on Amazon tomorrow to look for a spike of reading
I'm not gonna do anything I just set myself up for I set myself up for something
that is very quantifiable for people can look now and then they will look
tomorrow and go wow it went down for don't have to come back here and go come
up yeah you're all just have to keep plugging it until it goes up or I'll just
start buying copies exactly like you'll know that I'll be I'll have 32,000
copies of your album. I told you what look at it. It's number four of all the records
out now. You're ahead of my album to jump up on the charts like to be on the comedy
chart. I think I think every three albums you sell you probably move up a thousand
notches on the end. Yeah, because it's like because I've watched my Amazon ratings
on somebody else would be like 84,000 and then like an hour later it's like 6,000
like well that's quite a leap. Yeah, the phone number 201, 209, 936. We have
Todd Barry in the studio. He's here live. Yes. So we have the wrestler to look forward
to. Yeah. For people who want to see you on that. Yeah. We have these exciting comedy
dates which people can go to Todd Barry dot com. I'm sure to check out. D-d-d-d-b-a-r-r-r-y
dot com. They can get the details. Yeah. Anything else? Any other media that you will
will be a
uh...
let me think that it did it did it did it
the essays
essays now i don't have any more as is
no more you would written some uh...
some funny things
there's some links to you know
interviews
that's not interesting
uh...
now i got nothing that it's all over
it's all over for me who makes a tod berry laugh
uh... who makes me laugh
david tell makes me laugh
john bedgman makes me love
lots of people that
all right all-time
tahd berry
comedy hall of fame
uh... you know i can't do that question cuz i'll leave people out and all uh...
but through history
history like not my friends
not your friends you're not allowed to mention your friends
it's weird cuz like that i was talking about like
Stuff that was in the past like I remember like I haven't listened to my Steve Martin albums. Mm-hmm
Cool, you got to hear those again. I think they sound like they're recorded. It sounds a weird. Oh, really? Yeah, they're record like it
they just sound like they're recorded on like
Like you just hear this oscillation of an arena with them. Yeah, I would just say they have like a very
kind of tinny deep quality. Oh, the crowd is
is such a presence on, on like uh...
Did he, but he didn't record those in front of huge crowds,
did he?
Well, the wild and crazy guy is.
Oh, really? Is that in a movie show?
That's like a, I mean, you can hear it.
People are just kind of losing their minds with it.
And it just, it, it's like he's like,
it's like him versus the crowd as much as anything.
I think that's part of the reason he got out of the business.
Yeah.
That uh, means to an end with that guy.
Means he didn't write a, you know,
could still do it if you want. I know. If you've got the desire for it, you find a way to keep
doing it. I think he might have just wanted to be an actor at once. Yeah, I think he didn't want
to do it. Yeah. But you will never work that out of you. I know. Right? I don't think so, but who
knows? I don't think so. I don't care how big the arena is. I mean, I just got to play. I don't
think it actually would be fun to play arenas for anyone. I mean, as a life experience maybe to do
I would want a regular dose of, you know, the quick and mortgage arena.
Could you imagine the amount of money you'd clear, though?
I know.
Because you show up with a microphone.
Right.
And maybe tell the lighting guy to flash some lights on me every once in a while.
That's our manager, a lighting guy.
Yeah.
And that's it.
That's a car.
And a ride there.
Yeah.
Exactly.
In a hotel room.
Yeah.
rest yeah and you still charge sound like it's fourteen dollars to get in it's
not like hey if you're a sixty yard sixty plus one day six dollars yeah now
those are those are forty five dollars seats and plus with the t-shirts that I
sell yeah merchandise what do you have I don't know I just have the CDs I was
thinking of I should try to sell something you should do a shirt I don't
know it seems sort of I mean I don't want to be that guy who sets up a well that's
And I also don't want to carry all that <E.D.> around with that would be like carrying the CD
Yeah, that would be the the part where where you were um, I
Don't blame you at all right where you got you've got a lug and sit in the
The bar yeah of whatever comedy club you had with just somebody go you rooting through shirts looking for an extra large
But yeah, I hope I didn't bring to you bad. Yeah, I don't want to check it back. Yeah, you have two XL
You know there's be like rooting through looking for I think I have a 2 XL here. Let me check
Yeah, I think like $3 off the thing
Exactly and all of your dignity right just goes out the window
But you could just sell things like that online. I think people would buy that. Yeah, I think it sounds
I know we could talk about toward Sweden. Can we talk about that? Yes
There's a guy a couple people who listened to this show in Sweden who I bet I probably met them
I think you I saw a picture of you with one okay
Wow young man named Martin. Yeah, I know Martin. Yeah, he's a huge fan of you
Yeah, he's a he's a it's weird to meet like to go to Sweden and something I have your albums. Really?
Mm-hmm. I'm sweet about you on a comedy message boards in Sweden. Yeah, I met that guy
Yeah, he saw me in London as well. Wow. He's he's a good. He came here one night
Did he really he came over to America and he he came in and watch the show so I was very excited people watch the show
I let him watch it cuz he came all the way from sweet I don't know how
thrilling it was for him right I think anyone who who comes up and watches it
must there be very polite on the way out there like no thank you like cuz the
people will be like oh can I come and can I come and watch the show if I'm
gonna be in town to be it's like sure I'm just gonna tell you though ahead of
time right it's me sitting with headphones just all alone in the room just
talking for three hours straight and they're like no no I want to see it I
want to say and then they come and then afterwards are like they're very polite
about it and but they're clearly disappointed yeah it's like when someone
wants to see me like twice in a week I'm gonna come see again oh please please
don't come see me again what don't set yourself up for disappointment yeah and
that's like he's doing the same jokes yeah I thought he'd have a new act by the
next day. That's weird. It's he's had 24 hours to write a new act. I don't
understand. He knew I would be here both. He knew I'd be here. I mean the other
950 people haven't heard it but but it's weird the people who I find that do
come that often are often often often often they they know that and they'll
still laugh and you're like man isn't there other don't you want to go to
movie or something people will go see a musician play multiple shows different
I mean you know I'll listen the same song twice no but I won't well if you're
into it though I know I am so if I'm slamming people's enjoyment of what I
do that's so like me isn't it how dare you love it to that degree
recall really FM you you're on the air hey this is Kevin calling from Brooklyn
hey Kevin are you neighbors with that other guys is there something going
around in brooklyn please smoky voices
from brooklyn
uh... i got a question for time actually i don't want to talk about that
i don't i don't feel that much like comedy at the only time there
and a comic was that david cross was
sort of uh...
and seeing at all tomorrow's parties festival yeah i heard that wasn't so
easy
yeah it was
you know i thought he was
you know brilliant but he was
pretty much boot off the state i'm pretty sure pretty sure i felt like uh...
whole beer bottles
line in direction and
i'm just wondering what i think a lot of these
bill now with like comedians touring with
with rock bands like you you mentioned earlier you were
opening for your life and go and i just wonder like what the
with the success rate of these line-ups is that the rule i could be talked to
other comedians who uh... i mean i i i'd i'd choose them
carefully like
Yolatango has a pretty, they have a polite fan base.
And I think also people know that they sometimes
have comedy with them.
So they're sort of like into the whole package,
but and the people I've done it for like,
Amy Mann and I open for the shins.
But that was also what a small,
I open for them at the Mercury Lounge and I think,
I mean, I do it carefully, like I was once offered
to open for the Beach Boys at Action Park on July 4th.
And I was like, you know, on one hand,
to say I open for the Beach Boys would be sort of worth it.
But how's that?
What are the chances of that going well?
That's almost one where it's almost like,
I open for the Beach Boys.
You could have said I open for the Beach Boys
would have been up.
I did an outdoor show in the 4th of July.
It's like how many elements are wrong?
Yeah, exactly.
How many strikes, how many red flags
are other than the action part gig?
And it was all ramped up.
Right, it's just like they don't want to see anyone open for it.
I mean, you'd have to band as popular as the Beach Boys to open.
But I mean, I pick it if it's going to be like on one of my alms
I talk about opening, being asked open for Sugar Ray at a casino.
And I was just like, I don't know.
That doesn't sound like it would be fun.
But the one I regret not opening for
was Weird Al Yankovic at the Beacon Theatre.
Just because I feel like that would be so cool to say,
I open for Weird Al Yankovic.
But I mean, the thing with mixing like all tomorrow's parties,
some people, there's just people who,
there's become like a trend now.
Like, hey man, music and comedy.
And like, you can't just say I like music,
I like comedy, let's put some comedians and a bands.
Because especially I'm seeing like,
I've been asked to do that and it's like,
no one wants, anytime a guy alone walks on stage
before a concert, it's always the guy
from the radio station you hate.
Who gets blue?
Right, it's never like, oh my God,
There's a guy on before the band to give us like you don't need an emcee guys trying to tell us it for a rock show
Pat Matheny's gonna be playing here in two weeks
Hey, it's a Dan from KQ large like no one cares. It's that's almost sport. It's like yeah
I mean, it's not doing you know that wouldn't be doing what I do that would be like that'd be sort of grunt work
I mean unless it was a release civilized contained like a theater environment, but yeah the melding of
of music and comedy, isn't it?
But I do it, I have done it.
But it's dicey, people.
Yeah, it's always, I always be more nervous
about doing that than I would
with just playing with other comedians.
I don't know if that answered.
Oh, that was great.
Oh, that was great, thanks.
Do you think there's any chance
you have been here for 70 plus minutes?
Yeah.
Do you think we get a female caller?
I noticed that, I know.
you think? Oh, there's some, uh, thank you for not putting Julie through a
bike. Of course, well, wait, she wasn't listening, but, but you wanted to be a
part of it? Or was she calling your show out there that you do? FMU, you're on the
air. Hello? Hey, who's this? This is Harold out in Green Point. Green Point,
how are things in Green Point tonight? Things are good. I'm over here at my bar
the boulevard tavern
that you'll plug in there
uh... i thought that uh... couple weeks ago at the uh... upright citizens
brigade theater i thought he was hilarious
all the show that the julie uh... jackie oh yeah i was a crazy i was in a show
yeah that was a crazy one
yeah and and
the way you you just
joked about those uh...
that that
the family that brought those little kids in right i thought that was so funny
there was uh... yeah
this family
It was occasionally people show up with kids in the audience, and it's always
That's insane. Well, it's insane and it's also I think it's just kind of disrespectful to everyone
Yeah, cuz it it can put a real chill on the crowd
Yeah
But that show in particular was kind of funny cuz they were right up front and there was just these two cute little girls
Mm-hmm were clearly extremely polite and would rather have been eating ice cream
What they should be doing and this family drags them to this show and I like and I went on towards the end
And I was like, oh man, I don't want to be the guy who bums them out.
And before I went on, it turned out to be like, not only was it a dirty show, it was
like the filthiest show I've seen in a long, I mean, everything you could possibly think
of as far as sexual, you know, as was mentioned.
Would these kids just sitting there and, and I, and I, and what point does the parent say?
All right, we've capped out here.
I just went, I mean, I not to call myself, but I, I just went up there and I said, I'm
I'm just gonna stay up here till the social workers arrive
But I do remember that show but it was but it was the thing we're like
You know I know we're getting laughs because your kids are here, but you still should have brought your kids
Yeah, I mean I was sitting in the front row every time, you know an off-colored joke when I you know
I felt really self-conscious because they were just right next you know next I mean they were clear like there was you know
Super liberal parents, but still I don't know right up front also right up front. Yeah, I was in the front row
Yeah, no, I mean, I'm talking about not you but the kids were right up front and towards the left. Yeah, and it's just like why you
Yeah, I think they just don't they think you don't see them. They think they're at the movies and
Where's the movie? I just got a message from Julie Klausner is saying. Oh, really? She's saying those little girls hated it, too
I just pointed that out Julie. I said they were bored and would rather be eating ice cream, Julie
Don't read hi, Julie. How are you?
Let me see if she replies. Is this an instant message going on? Yes. You went to you. I am. Oh, yeah
What's your I'm not? Oh, this is your private eye. Oh, yes. Wow. Oh boy. Okay. You don't want to announce that
I will go that will go so far south if that gets out on the air. I won't that reveal that. Thank you
Oh, please don't know I won't I don't even know it so
Let's why don't we say final few minutes for Todd Barry. Wow. I'm getting asked. You know, no, this was a showcase. Okay. Yeah
This was a good long interview. I like this is good. Everybody learned all the white male collars were good
The white male collars were good and yeah, oh, he was still there. I was sorry
He sounds all right at you. No, he was white male. How dare you?
yeah yeah oh again for people uh I'm gonna say right now two oh one two oh nine nine
three six eight last licks right now three minutes yeah let's mop this up
you get the you get your chance to talk to Todd Barry now you you have this
uh this uh kind of this Jack Benny Fred Allen type uh rival re-going with
with uh...
louisie can't i think it
it's that's a playful
yeah i mean it's real
that's why you both
to shows that i don't know what that there are some people who are like uh...
i'm in a case with some of this thing
would be pretty weird if it was that he chooses to have me going toward
we could have anyone
but uh... i think it's what i'm saying is it's real
But there was a horrible thing about like a text message on an airplane or something.
Oh, yeah, yeah, it's yeah.
I forgot why that made me uncomfortable.
That felt like a line that should not be crossed where we said, I hope my plane crashes.
Yeah.
Yeah, well, he said worse.
Oh, but you know, but that so you were on the on the runway or something and got a,
I don't remember what happened.
I just texted him, said I'm on a plane and I think he wrote back.
I hope you're playing crashes.
But I showed him by that plane not crashing.
I won that one, people.
That plane did not crash.
And I landed safely.
So there, Lily.
Maybe next time.
It is gross to even think about it.
Oh, that would freak me out.
I would walk off that plane.
Yeah, there is a little like, you don't.
Just, you know, that would be in the papers
when they checked at your cell phone.
Exactly.
Although he would be a suspect then, wouldn't he?
He Brit yeah, then you would have won again. I would have won again. Yeah, I'm kind of regretting the plane didn't crash
You would have to hope that
The plane goes down, but so your cell phone stays preserved cell phone stays preserved and everyone is safe
But it didn't crash. Yeah. Yeah, well that would be maybe one of those crashes where the best plane crash ever where it's just like those low
It's just about to land and it's kind of a bad landing. You know like the wheels fall off or somewhere or goes
over shoots the runway
hit some guy's
car
last call get ready this is gonna be a good one fm you you're on the air hi Tom
how are you sure you called the right it's a guy doing a woman's voice it's
guy doing one's well no how is this hi this is that yeah I got the right one yes
you do have one female fan excellent this is Swiss miss Swiss miss calling
all the way from Washington state oh you know her yes that's great that's all
I wanted to say and good show you guys kind of like you were looking for a female caller. Do you have a question for not in prison?
No, she's just gonna force a question
How about why do they call you Swiss me? I'll ask you a question. Why do they call you Swiss miss?
Um has anyone ever asked you that question
Because my one of my roommates is a really big nerd and my real name is missy. Uh-huh
So he kind of put two and two together.
Really?
Yeah, that's it.
You're not Swiss, but your name is Missy.
No, not at all.
And that becomes putting two and two together?
Yeah, pretty much.
Where do you live in Seattle?
Spokane.
Wow.
Yeah.
I don't have any Spokane jokes.
Have you played Spokane?
I've never played Spokane.
I don't even know if I've driven through Spokane.
What's the best of all?
I've been through Tacoma though.
Yeah.
Well, Swisspans.
Um.
I love Pooty-Tang.
Oh, you'd like Pooty-Tang?
Yes.
I loved your cameo and that.
Kami, I was the star of that movie.
Oh, where are you?
Yes, Swisspans.
Scene stealer.
I was a scene stealer.
You were a scene stealer.
It was pretty good.
What are you doing, Spokane?
Um, not a lot.
I take care of my plants.
What do they pay you for that?
They don't pay me anything.
Really?
I live off of plant scraps.
Really?
Yeah.
You know, oddly enough, I believe you.
You should.
Well, when I'm in Spokane...
I've been sincere.
I know you are.
When I'm in Spokane...
I will guest list you and plus one plant to my show.
Do you like that one?
Actually, actually I was at your show in Seattle. Which one the one at the more?
Yes, the one with Louie. Oh, that was a good show. Yeah, that wasn't really good show
Well, I'm glad you saw a good one. Yeah, I'm too. I'm glad it wasn't a bad one one of your bad nights
All right, I get your point on some other. No, they're not. They're not all good. I get your point
No, are you gonna get from our good now? Are you gonna get from heaven? Swiss mess of course
By one for for your your plants as well. You're your wanders. I will
There'll be about eight of them
You're I find cactus cacti I really enjoy my new album
Yeah, I don't know that's kind of a broad generalization
Abroad yes, it is like most of my generalizations. It is broad. Oh
I feel like we're in a fight and I apologize. Yeah
This is the Spokane throw down.
All right, well, nice meeting you.
Nice to meet you and thank you very much.
Thank you.
Thanks.
You too.
Bye.
Well, Todd Barry, I appreciate you coming down all the way.
That was fun.
You made the long haul.
I did.
From Manhattan, all the way to Jersey City, which is four minutes.
A four minute path train ride.
I like that sleek pathtrain, man. That station is nice. It's clean. It's clean
There's more cops than I've ever seen in my life anywhere. Yeah, it's
It's clean. It's safe. You can sit down. You can actually touch stuff and not feel like you're yeah being infected
It's just another reason that's the New Jersey part of the path system
Right Mike. Thank you. That's what's another reason I'm gonna be moving here. You should move to Jersey City
You'd be the king of Jersey City really look the mayor. I could afford a place in Jersey City. You could you would drink for free
Wherever you went. Let me pretend I don't drink for free in Manhattan. Oh my god drink for free
You mean like unlike
You know I'm saying but did you drink for free you're not going anywhere you want than drinking for free?
No, I would not that presumptuous. It's not like I'm going to the St. Regis Hotel and the guys
It's all these around me, I'm a huge company fan.
Yeah, normally these are $14 drinks, but I'm going to...
Your new album?
From Heaven.
It's called From Heaven, yes.
It's in stores now.
It's in stores.
It's on your various online services.
The legal ones.
It's been blocked from all the legal downloads services, I'm lying, but let's just say that.
And don't download it, seriously.
Seriously, I have triplets to take care of.
But what with people, it's like, it's not like your it's not like your album's
3499.
Right.
It's like you can get it as cheap as like nine bucks somewhere.
Yeah.
Just buy it.
And I only get eight ninety nine of that nine so.
People can get more information on you over at Toddberry.com as tour dates, tour dates,
receipts, receipt museum, photographs that I need to update receipts, I need to update,
but everything else is up to date.
But now is the chance for people to catch up new people, new people to them.
I expect to see you can sign up for my Myspace account, which is what Todd Myspace.com slash Todd Barry. Yeah, I nailed it. Yeah
Facebook Facebook I have my personal account and I have a fan page which okay who started the fan page I started my own fan page
You are welcome now with your you have a personal account. That's the one you just don't let everybody in on
That's the one that I have 99% of people I don't know on and then there's I started the
For some reason I started the fan page because I thought it would be easier. It's just confusing to me
You need now the third one. I do services. I need that can be just for you
I need the fake fan page that I actually run also
I need the one that I'm pretending I don't run yet. We all know I run it
And then I need an intern.
Swiss Miss.
Now.
Other side of the country.
Well, you know, the internet makes a...
What did she call a lot, Swiss Miss?
She calls occasionally.
It was very nice.
Yeah, she's a nice young lady.
Alright, man.
Thank you, Todd, for coming out.
Thanks a lot.
And we're going to hear something now from the Makes Nice from their new album on the
phonetic label here on WFMU.
You're a big mind, Jake, that's what you were
There's no intention, what they say
Grab another drink, that's the light away
Then take it in everything we got
A little more than what they find
I'm gonna lead you on
You, my daughter tried
Do what I tell you to, Do what you want to do, Take over, I know you need you on,
You might don't die
You wanna tell you too
You wanna do what you wanna do
Take over
I'm gonna meet you baby, <E.D.> tall, I'm gonna meet you baby, hold on a time, I really
I feel good with you by my side
If I could trust you babe
All the time
I drive a truck to see you
Every day
I wanna show you baby
The ride away
If you believe in what
I'm telling you
I'll win it trust you babe
All the time
Love me
Love me
Love me as I love you
Love me
Love me
Love me as I love you
Is the trust me babe
of
Love me as I love you
Love me, love me
Love me as I love you
Love me, love me
Love me as I love you
Love me, love me
Love me as I love you
Love me, love me
Love me as I love you
Love me, love
Oh, man, I'll take
Oh, I'll cook up me, yeah
So I'll take
Every little woman in her heart is dead
Every little woman in her heart is dead
You're possible to see them like to
In the moon
You're not there anymore, anymore
Don't steal that girl
It's been all done, baby, babe
Just before I ever fall
Nobody, nobody, nobody will be
Nobody will ever be
Nobody will be
All right, everybody, best show on WFMU, we're back.
Best show's back.
No, what?
There we are.
Guess what?
got some good news and some bad news bad news is for small change fans he is
going to be a little late tonight the good news more best show we're gonna keep
doing it we're going straight through bonus round
201-209-9368 is the number thank you to Todd Barry for coming down we appreciate
it he is one of the comedy legends you know what now it's time it's time not going
down soft here just because we had our guests on is not it is not
uh soft what are we uh what is this uh soft serve ice cream sitting in the park on uh sunny afternoon
no this is war best show's war i'm sick of it people looking at me sideways
Best show cleans up. I should be getting paraded around. Like Cleopatra.
Tell the loft. Get looked at sideways. Get people running their mouth. I heard the
talk. I heard the talk. I know who you are. Blabbermouth. Be smurching. Maybe
be smurching my guests coming down. How dare you. You know what though? You can't
stop this show. It's best show for life. War! We're gonna fight, right? We're gonna
fight. It's Churchill time. I'm not going soft. It's Churchill time.
We shall fight in France, we shall fight on the seas and oceans, we shall fight with growing
confidence and growing strength in the arse, we shall defend our island, whatever the
arse may be, we shall fight on the beaches, we shall fight on the landing ground, we shall
fight in the fields and in the streets, we shall fight in the hills, we shall never surrender.
Never!
And if, because I do not for a moment believe, this island, or large part of it, was subjugated
and starving, then our empire, beyond the seas, farmed and guarded by the British fleet,
would carry on the struggle, until in God's good time, the new world, with all its power
night steps forth to the rescue and a liberation of the old yes whatever he's
saying there at the end admittedly he kind of lost me with mumbling about
something about losing the island or something I do like the fighting part
though we keep fighting this shows as a fighter I'm a fighter I don't stop you
people put your faith in me, I'm going to keep going just for you guys. I'm going to
keep going, 201-209-9368. Very exciting show tonight. Todd Barry in studio. We had the
young man from drill bit tailor checking in
it's bike
sick
badmouthing me
sick
Now stop.
I'm like Dogmo.
I got a taste for human blood.
Actually, a dogmo does not have a taste
for human blood, unfortunately.
Still looks at benefit.
Put in the topic on the table.
Put in the topic on the table.
What's that?
With 10, no, we got more than 10 minutes.
We got bonus round.
We're gonna keep going.
Small change might show up.
I might tell them not yet.
Not yet.
I'm still hot.
Show's still cooking.
New Jersey does it again.
We did it again.
You know we did it again, Mike?
With the whole Elliot Spitzer thing.
Yeah, he's from New York. She's from New Jersey. He's out of a job. She's a millionaire. Jersey wins again.
We won with Cloverfield. We won in the Sopranos. We've won in the Elliot Spitzer Sleeves Fest.
There was another one. What else did we win in?
The other sleaze that's right. Yeah, our sleaze is sleazier than their sleaze
They start doing their sleaze we out sleaze them doesn't matter what the what the fight is
We'll out-sleeze you in the hills
We'll out-sleeze you in the streets. We'll out-sleeze you in the water. We'll out-sleeze you in the air
201-209-9368 tonight's topic classic we're going back to a classic one based on this
trailer that I saw for a movie the other day holy moly this is a movie called the ruins
oh boy what was that like bugs underneath people's skin another one of those horror movies and
And I saw that trailer, and I said to myself, you'd have to pay me $100 to see that movie.
One hundred dollars for me to walk into a theater and sit down and see it.
And that brought up to mind that old classic topic we did it once before, we're doing it
once again.
Pay me!
How much do you pay me?
How much do you need to get paid to do certain things?
Number one, two oh nine, nine, three, six, eight.
Best show.
Send them a little bit of a bonus round.
Very exciting.
Can't stop this show, it's Churchill time.
It's Churchill, that's how we go at it.
We Chamberlain, no.
These other shows like Neville Chamberlain.
Ready to surrender.
We shall fight in bronze, we shall fight on the seas and oceans, we shall fight with growing
confidence and growing strength in the air, we shall defend our island, we shall go down
with our navy, we shall build to an exciting thing and then he loses his energy, because
and the air! We can fight in the bread, but...
With growing confidence and growing strength in the air, we should defend our island.
What? Look. Admittedly, this guy is pretty good at making speeches.
Winston Churchill. But I am going to say Winston Churchill.
You lost the energy there for a second.
With growing confidence and growing strength in the air,
we shall defend our island, whatever the costs may be.
We shall fight on the beaches, we shall fight on the landing grounds,
we shall fight in the fields, and in the streets.
I'm gonna fight! I'm ready to fight!
201, 209, 9368. Pay me it's a topic.
You'd have to pay me a hundred bucks to see that movie.
movie. That's it. I'm ready to fight. I'm going to write a book. I'm sick of whining
about this book thing, and it's not going to be on the air with Tom Sharpling. I'm not
going to rip the audience off, I decided against it.
The book is going to be, I might just do a full on behind the scenes book, but like the
real the sleaze, the shocking stuff, the rivalries, the hatreds.
I will say admittedly about by the way going back to the young lady of the evening who
brought down uh... illiot spitzer
i was uh...
i was uh...
a little uh...
little a little disappointed to find out
that she was uh... short trash
guess you got bored making uh...
sure those uh... ski ball machines worked
decided to enter uh... the world's oldest profession
i thought the world's oldest profession with ski ball machine operator
two oh one two oh nine nine three six eight
can't believe it
phones are dead
what happened here
i won't stand for this
i did it's over shows over
i blew it
had my moment
fm you you're on the air
hi this is jake in san francisco jake in san francisco how are you tonight
i'm doing well
but i've got a subject for the topic
or an answer to the topic let's hear it
uh... well i'm on spring break right now for school
and i sort of realize
you would have to pay me
to go to like a cankoon or for water dale type spring break
but how much would you have to get paid to spend one week
in for water dale
all boy
you know what now they think about it
i have my first response with
uh... the price of a plane ticket for water dale
but that seems
like you're high aren't you more are you high no no i'm just nervous got the
giggles oh no you don't well I guess I do you caught me all right sorry to have
the giggles having a little party over there huh well like I said I almost
break break so yeah yeah you know I think you should do what's that think you
should go buy a coffin yeah give a call now I'm sitting here in my bedroom
drinking a beer. 201-209-9368. FMU, you're on the air. FMU, you're on the air.
No. FMU, you're on the air. Hi Tom. Hi, who's this? This is Lori. Lori from Miami.
How are you doing in Miami tonight? I'm doing all right the party time
Unfortunately spring break
That's what I'm calling about
You have to pay me to actually leave my house
Really are the streets overrun with the party trash? Oh, well fortunately I live north of that. Mm-hmm
But oh
yeah
Do you live near where where the the scene in in Scarface was shot?
No when they were shoot when he shot on the street. I
Don't know where this but it wasn't say I've seen that. Do they do Scarface tours down there? I?
Don't know we have like this weird duck
bus thing that goes around sometimes
Maybe it's on the stop
What is it? What is the bus?
I don't know. It's called Duck Tours.
I have no idea.
Duck Tours.
What's going on down there?
I don't know.
Yeah, as Mike just said, is that the bus that goes into the water and turns into like
a little boat and floats around and then drives back again?
I have no idea.
Not a clue.
I have never been near one of those.
So it's over run right now.
Yeah, I totally forgot it was spring break and I went out, I went a little south to catch
a movie and I used to see the counterfeiters and I was like, well what's that?
It's, it's, it won an Academy Award, but I did, you know.
For what?
Most boring film?
Yeah.
It was really good.
was it was it but then you know you go out and oh I like I mean I mean these
people they're walking around in their bathing suit like come on put a t-shirt
on I don't need to see that exactly and some of them don't have bathing suit
bodies, or they're wearing bikinis, heels, like, slow heels, and, like, come on, girls.
You don't like that?
Well, get you mad.
It doesn't get me mad.
It's just like...
Blood starts boiling.
Yeah.
I mean, for whatever reason, particularly in Miami Beach, people just walk across the
street in front of you whenever they feel like it. It's like
wall-to-wall day walking.
You know you could fix all this?
I thought he could fix it.
One call.
I don't think I have that poll.
You know what though?
Yeah.
You're still in a pretty nice part of the country.
It's pretty hot most of the time.
And these people will be gone soon, the party trash.
Yeah.
Oh no, we'll be still a party trash all season long down here.
You know where you need to move somewhere else?
That will happen soon.
Where would you move?
I don't know, I'm going to go back to school.
Really?
For the library science?
Yes.
I would like North Carolina.
really yeah well they have the best program
possibly I don't know if I like Lori from North Carolina I don't know if that
works for me sorry we're gonna need to talk about this you don't like Lori
from Lori from Chapel Hill no I don't like the way that sounds no no no
All right. Well, I get to see Mac open up practically every show. You would if you
lived there. Yeah, that's true. You're already saying you're there. You're already talking
about like you're there. Well, I don't even know if I'd get accepted. You'll get in.
You know how that works. You find out what you find out who the admissions
officer who his favorite artist is going to the vault all right what's he
like and we have a couple of those let's give him this one yeah my collection
isn't quite that expensive oh Laurie what are we gonna do with you I like
I like lowbrow art.
Lowbrow art?
Yeah.
Like who?
I don't know.
I like Gary Baseman, that sort of thing.
Now do you hire these artists to come and paint for you?
No.
I don't come.
Well, actually I did commission one thing.
But it was $70.
$70,000?
$70.
OK.
Thank you, Laura.
That's lots of most people donate to the best show.
Mike is saying I got to move on.
Please do.
Hi.
Thanks, Laura.
You have a good night.
You do.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi, Tom.
Hi, how are you?
Very well.
Well, what's your name?
This is Brian.
I'm in Columbus, Ohio.
How are you doing, Brian?
Very well.
Anything going on?
I got one for the topic for you.
Oh, what do you got for me?
Something that I would like to be paid before I would consider
doing is pretending that i have any interest at all
in st patrick's day
didn't do it for you st patrick's day
not at all
and i'm not going to pretend that i'm irish because
like someone in my family talk to an irish person want to have an excuse to
celebrate
what you know i think i'm not a holiday
now you uh...
people i'm sure have told you that you have a howl like quality
How?
I looked at the computer.
Say yes, Dave.
Yes, Dave.
You do?
There it is.
Wait, am I talking to Hal?
No, Dave.
Oh, I don't like this.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, Tom.
How's it going?
Oh, going right.
Who's this?
This is Paul from Staten Island.
Paul from Staten Island.
How are you doing tonight?
I'm doing well.
I had a pay me for you.
I wanted to ask you how much someone would have to pay you to do something.
Yes.
What is it?
You're going to see a concert featuring Sting, the musician, and it's a three-hour concert,
and he's playing all of his big hits, but he's not playing any of them with traditional
rock instrumentation.
They're all being rearranged with like, you know, woodwinds and kind of world music instruments
and that sort of thing.
How much does someone have to tell you to do that for the whole concert?
hour show i can't get up
you can get up and you can't leave the arena
and you can you can like you can go get a drink or go to the bathroom or
something like that
but you gotta be back in your seats with like ten minutes
wow
i'm gonna say
two
three hundred dollars
three hundred dollars
i thought you'd hold out for more good that seems pretty pretty i still think
there's a perverse quality to the show
watching him enter our like get to that at two hour and forty five minute mark
where he's doing uh... uh... some song with uh... weird instrumentation
i see him doing uh...
trying to think of one of like uh... if you love someone uh... set them free
with uh... harpsichord
and uh...
the jimby
right
uh... or whatever whatever they're called how are things on statin island
uh... pretty quiet
quiet night
quiet night
nothing to uh... crazy going on
even even on st patrick's day and really seem uh...
yet
not a huge holiday on statin alan
well we have our own st patrick's day you know we have to stand on st patrick
they parade yeah i might say i'm going to go out on a limb here
and i'm going to say
columbus day
gain a little more traction
uh...
and i mean
it depends
it depends is that the last door of that out is very Irish
and the south shores very Italian with your racist
and yes
you know we've that's why we believe the uh...
the uh... what do you call the stand-on expressway to divide these shores
and make sure there's no commingling of the races
yet the races
off my phone
you racist
w f m u east orange w x h d mount hope worldwide on the world wide web at w f m u
dot orgie best show going in a little bonus round
small change
on his way
f m u you're on the air
yeah who's this
i was born off
who
boring oh and how are you doing
i just wanted to congratulate you
I loved you during that marathon. I caught you on all these other shows and you were just so
I was on fire full and wonderful and gracious and fantastic. That was great
Fantastic really really you're sweet. That's so much fun to listen to. Oh
Filled up with
Pride. Oh, you're nice to say that
That almost it almost made you want to call up with something new to lie about, huh?
Something to trick me and manipulate my emotions for another two years
So what can I got anything for the topic?
Well, I was just wondering when those
When the premiums come
Did you pay your your pledge already
You have to pay when no, yeah, if they send them out before you pay, of course
Yeah, I guess I thought they don't send you with the prizes until you pay
What store do you go into where they give you the merchandise and then let you pay?
Later, you can send them a check
Yeah, you know what honestly you'll get the did you get your info yet in the mail?
You'll get it soon, you'll pay it, and then shortly thereafter they will start fulfilling premiums and whatnot.
The station does it in a very timely fashion.
Yeah, well, you know, you guys, it's amazing. What a ship you run over there.
Yes, it is amazing.
The people who answered the phones, it's just wonderful. I want to thank them too.
Little melancholy tonight, huh?
Yeah, you know you drunk
Not really a couple of glasses couple glasses you happy drunk
Everybody's your best friend. I'm not one of those mad guys
Well, that's good I
Know I think so I
Used to have some friends that got the other way and oh good. Bye
I'm doing alright how are you Evan? I'm doing great glad you're going into extra innings actually I just got home from work so yes a little bit longer very exciting very exciting so I have one for
uh pay me and I I almost feel like it came up last time this topic was talked about actually so I'll move on but um a friend of mine goes to the burning man festival every year and every year she's like you guys I we have arrived and I'm going to go to the burning man festival every year.
We have a ride all you got to do is like, you know
I'm staying with these people and all you got to do is help them set up there like giant mobile made of
Volkswagen fenders and stuff and then cook their meals for them and you get a free place to stay out. I'm just like
No chance ever ever ever. Well. Yeah, so I'm supposed to go halfway across the country so that I could
See some weird
you know what
Yeah, like wake up every morning with dust in your mouth and I'm too soft. I'll admit it. I'm too soft for it
The the thing that really that got me that just that really sealed the deal for me was she she brought back a flyer
that was being passed around to
to men to explain that they either need to be completely naked or
you know
Basically they they can go pantless, but they can't wear a t-shirt and no pants, and I said
No way
Disgusting
Yeah, no way. Yeah count me out. Yeah, exactly honey like I would need my salary for the year
Count me out. Yeah, that would be your to have to be there your salary my salary for the year
Yeah, if I could take a year off I would do it, but otherwise no way count me out. Yeah, it's all I says
Count me out. Yeah, I'm not cut out for that. Yeah, just not I'm not I'm not hardy enough for that life
Yeah, I didn't know no
All right, sir. Oh, you have a good night young man. You too. Thanks
FM you you're on the air
Tom yes
This is Richard from Cincinnati
Richard from Cincinnati
Are you formerly Richard from Chicago?
No, no, no relation. No, you know the same timber of voice. Oh, really? Yes. I see. Are you are you are you associated with Julie in any way?
Yeah, that's my wife. Yes, it is. How's that going? It's going really well. As a matter of fact, we believe it or not.
Mm-hmm. Yeah, like the law of corns on crystal math
What hello, what's that?
What did you say? No, think go ahead
What do you got you're running late to that tonight a little bit. Yeah. Yeah, well, I have a
Something for the topic. What do you got for me Richard?
Well, you'd have to pay me to go to the rock and roll Hall of Fame
You don't want to go to the rock and roll Hall of Fame
no well I mean you got you'd have to pay me I'd go how much I don't know I
haven't thought much about that but okay let me do it's me $200 $200
no a little bit more I think 250 well this could go on forever you'd have to
pay me probably a couple thousand I don't know I do live in the same state
So it's not that what do you what what do you what are you doing with your free time?
That's so important can't go you can't go look at Mark Farner's guitar
You got a problem with that
You don't want to look at
I'd rather you know see the real thing see real human beings make music. Yeah, yeah
I don't really want to see something behind glass as a matter of fact. I used to live in
And it's still USA, Detroit, you know.
And I went to the Motown little museum that they have there, that they turn that old
house into a museum.
Yeah.
Absolutely boring.
I mean.
Yeah.
Who wouldn't want to see the room where all those songs were recorded?
That would be a snooze.
Well, actually that was good.
Okay.
No, I mean, it was good to see kind of like, it's sort of like a time travel, you know,
you go back in time.
be all the boards whatever in the rooms but you go upstairs and Michael Jackson's gloves
behind glass.
I mean that's not really not that interesting to me.
You know that's how all museums are?
Yeah you know what?
I really have a hard time with all museums just have stuff in them.
They just have stuff.
Yeah.
I mean what do you want to go to a museum and see Picasso paint something live?
No, you go there.
I
Got a pin to the rock and roll whole thing seven times. Yes, seven times. Yes, it's a blast
You really liked it. I'm very excited. Yeah, I'm very excited. I'm going there's actually going to be a it's going to be a big
Leonard skinner and all the associated bands
Exhibit
Really? Yes, I'm very excited. They're going to have a whole whole thing with Rossington Collins band. I can't wait to see
I'm not I got to pay me for you though
Five minutes handcuffed to your wife
What's that five minutes handcuffed to your wife?
$48,000 get off my phone Fm you you're on the air. Hi Tom. Hi. Who's this?
This is super-color Erica from Baltimore. How are you doing? I'm good. I'm good
I've been to the rock-a-roll Hall of Fame twice twice once when it opened and then once I went there on vacation
Really sad vacation, but it was so fun, but it was a sad vacation. It's so cool. I saw I saw the microphone that Mickey Thomas sang
Jane and
They had that it's pretty cool
But I only I really really you know have fond memories of the first time that I went and I and I did see like John Lennon's glasses
It was neat, but that was for the opening, you know, yeah
So you've got in for the opening
Yeah, yeah, I was there for the opening of it.
I was showing off.
I was like 15.
I'm having a little bit.
That's all right.
But I have one for the topic.
Oh, let's hear it.
Driving cross country.
Yeah.
You would have to pay me to drive cross country.
And people talk about it fondly and I think it sounds awful.
It just could not be in the car that long.
Like I would have to have so much spending money to get me across the country that would take me forever
You wouldn't want to do that? I can't be in the car that long. Do you have no sense of adventure?
I do have a sense of adventure. I'm driving ten hours like in a couple weeks ago on vacation. Like that's that's a long time
That's very it's very a daring of you. No, I'm not daring ten hours. Where are you driving to again? Georgia
Georgia? What's a big KKK rally? I'm just visiting some people. What is the grand
wizard? No, no. What rank are they? Little kid. Okay, so junior wizards. Yes, maybe. Now if
you're born in Georgia, are you automatically in the KKK or do you have to join? I don't
No, but they're not originally from Georgia, so I don't know.
So are they honorary members? Do they wear like a different color robe or something?
You know I haven't seen them since like last August, so maybe.
Well you're gonna have to give us a report.
I'll let you know.
A report from Georgia.
Alright.
Erica, thank you so much.
Alright, I'll talk to you later.
201. 209. 9368. That's the number. We're doing pay me. A little bonus show here. Small
change beyond in a few minutes, right? Two minutes. You take your time now. I'm holding
it down here. I'm boring these people. Your audience is so mad right now. Who is this
loud mouth. Yes, Paul off Tomkins. He was very excited to see you. He was, I got a
text. He's like, guess who I just ran into at South by Southwest. It's like, it's like
small change. I saw him. It was like, yeah, it was pretty funny. Well, I was actually
a friend of mine was spinning at this kind of TV station they have down there called
BTV. So I went down there, they had some crazy spread, whatever. I'm hanging out and
And then someone overheard someone saying, oh, Janine Grafala, I'm like, oh, that's kind
of dope because I, you know, listen to her on Air American.
Of course, remember Sam Cedar getting, you know, what was the name of his, like, this
show that you hosted for a majority report?
He got his start here.
I know exactly the next thing you know, he's on damn Air America.
Yeah.
Crazy, crazy talk.
You're making stars, son.
You're making stars.
Exactly.
I'm the only one not getting paid around.
What's going on?
It's a matter of time.
how the equation I figured this whole thing out wrong anyway so I was
starting I just you know went up to Jeanine I'm like hey you know I just
wanted to say you know fan of yours and listed here and of course you had that
kind of like okay who is this psycho you know because of course I'm sure she
has those moments and I was dressed up you know like typical whacked out self
you know why insured and you know swim trunks and like some designer sneakers
and a beer can have, you know, like,
Hey, Drennerd.
Several doers and, you know, ginger beer to the win,
but then, you know, then he's like,
and then I'm like, you know, Sam Cedar,
and then of course your man is like, small change.
I was just like, see that, that I finally got justified.
Like, yeah, I have somebody, I'm not a psycho fan.
I mean, I am, you know, whatever.
He sent the text the second after he left.
He couldn't believe it.
Paul was like, he's like, guess who I ran into.
If you guessed small change, you are correct.
No, it's good. It was a good time down there, man.
Yeah, I have. Have you guys made it down there before?
I've never been to South by Southwest.
Anarchy, man.
It's a crazy. It's complete hierarchy.
I don't know. It's a temporary autonomous zone,
like hockey and Bay style.
Like they've just let people run amok. It's amazing.
I don't know if I have. I'm very weak.
No, you can find your niches.
You can find your niche.
I would end up hiding in my hotel room the whole time scared.
As well as you should be. Anyways, let me set this ish, uh, continue with your fine program.
Okay. I'm ready when you are. Yeah, yeah. Five minutes.
FM, you hear that five minutes? 800, 800. What am I giving? I'm not doing the marathon
shows anymore. 899, 936. You got a call up now. Well, a mouse of today pledge is $365
a dollar a day. Can't do it anymore. FMU, you're on the air. Hey, hey, Tom. This is,
uh... i think i'm from hobo can
i think in hobo can how are things in our boat in the night
where did you come actually
where did you know
uh... now
not a good pizza but none of that i got a
home-cooked meal today
okay fair enough
and what your home situation is
yeah i won't argue with the details all right
but uh...
no you think this uh... this movie this mixed martial arts movie it's uh...
called never back down
yes i did
We saw that. I saw it this weekend.
What did you think? It was great.
Really? Did you see it?
I haven't seen that. I've only seen the previous one.
I'm telling you, it was really good.
All right, well then guess what?
You killed the topic for me. I'm sorry.
You should see this movie. Never back down.
I'm recommending it right now to everyone listening.
Never back down. It's in theaters now.
I give it five stars.
All right. And guess what?
I'm paying to see that movie then.
It is the ultimate action movie.
All right. And it's very dramatic.
It's got everything.
Wow. All right. Well, funny, exciting, great fights.
Yeah, here I called him. I'm a changed man.
Great, great romance.
All right, well, how about the topic then?
What's that?
How about some of the topic then?
I was going to say it.
I was going to say that.
I'm going to change the topic up for you.
Get off my phone.
Yeah, let me, I'm on for four more minutes.
Let me throw a new topic on the table.
shameful. First the guy throws Benny Tedino's under the bus. Yeah. What a horrible thing.
The slice of pizza is big as your head for two dollars. Yeah. Then he's trying to make
fun of never back down. The best movie I've seen in the last 15 years. FMU, you're on
the air
hi who's this
this is kevin from detroit
kevin from detroit
here that guy i'm making fun of the the motown museum
no i didn't
some guy just called up he made fun of the the motown museum
oh i might have come in in the middle of the car but i was talking about the uh...
oh actually i think i thought about the
bracelet or something
no he was talking about the motown museum
fair enough
maybe it's not in the museum.
But what's on your mind?
Well, the topic.
Yeah, I would have to be paid not a lot,
but paid to attend an insane clown posse show.
Oh, an insane clown posse show?
I would need $45,000.
$45,000 to be dropped up front, dropped up front
getting sprayed with that soda.
we have a little bit of this guy sprained a soda fago all over the place
believe that they're uh...
i think they're
thirteen-year-old fans might have trouble borrowing that third those guys
trust me
those guys don't have any thirteen-year-old fans anymore
they all grew up in
yeah i had to think that they're
interesting to
listen to address like it
thirteen yeah those guys
those guys have fans with it they have a the intelligence of a thirteen-year-old
Although I should say, the only reason I know about the music is from working in restaurants
and like lots of kitchen crew.
What kind of restaurant are you working in where they're playing insane clown posse?
Oh no, no, this is back in the house, just in the kitchen.
Please tell me which restaurant is so I will never eat there to know, just the cook is
listening to insane clown posse.
Okay, don't go to the brewery in Lafayette, Indiana.
I'm gonna eat somewhere I got a clown makeup all over my over my sandwich
What's this what this black and white smear on the roll? Oh?
The people were nice people just couldn't stand that they didn't music that's all
Yeah, good guys saying clown posse fans. They seem like a well-balanced bunch
They certainly do. Yeah, certainly do they seem to have
if you have a good, a good message, I think for one.
Seems like they're just having fun.
Which one's your favorite member of insane clown posse?
I like Shane too dope.
I'm actually, I don't really know their names,
they give only seen.
Sounds like you're like insane Jay.
I think the other guy's name is insane Jay.
I think the one guy did a solo album.
Can you believe that?
That a guy in insane clown posse was like,
you know, there's things I need to say
that I cannot fit into the restrictive confines
of insane clown posse
right right you know i have there's a certain direction that uh... thought
uh... the band was going that really wasn't you know yeah wouldn't you know
wasn't going to work for you know for my
my new message
yeah exactly has got uh...
well what's the guy is doing uh...
was he doing uh... uh... country music or something
those guys violent j his name is violent j a violent yeah violent
thank you violence just like the letter j
just the letter j just like j massus
is there a lot in the violence
no it's just that it's actually
violence is spelled correctly which is shocking to think that
those guys were able to spell that word correctly
pretty good
well that i guess with like the internet and all in all in dictionaries
i guess
oh dictionaries but i was completely yes
you think those guys really know what dictionaries are
the same clinton
i'll get better
i will never give those guys the benefit of the debt for anything
they might be the
you know what they're brilliant in the fact that they've ripped off a
generation a generation of dolts
they've actually managed to uh...
to uh... shake the money out of their wallets
i wonder i wonder you know if the if that brilliant it should be that
them or to be treated to like
someone that
ended up handling them
select some manager
yeah i mean of course they
if i was the case of course somebody picked this idea that i realize that you
know it will do you guys you know
will keep the shtick going to get you guys first of all
here's what we're going to do you guys make the worst music anyone's ever heard
but you're going to put it on the old days talk more you're going to wear clown
makeup and spray soda on the audience that'll be enough to get us uh...
and also compliment uh...
uh... on the chat chris l
saying uh...
there goes
for violent j expanding his horizons
he puts up
there goes ryman violent j
as a
solo album that um...
one of the plan posse would
would be responsible for
that one guy so stupid in the insane clamp posse
also as opposed to the other guy
he thinks he's uh... is like one of those tough guys
i would go you know i would see them for free
those guys
all forty five thousand dollars off the table off the table i'll go for free
somebody let me know when insane clown posse's coming back to town all go for
free
I need to see that worked up here that you decided that in fact you just have to see this you know what I will do though
I will organize a police a police block and we will arrest everyone. We I'm gonna make myself a
Honorary policeman for the event
Everyone is going to get arrested who had to take it to the concert
Everyone just on general principles. We will figure out what they are guilty of after we have them
You know about the rave thing you do, right?
A rave?
Yeah, they have like a whole weekend thing.
In St. Clown Posse weekend?
Yeah.
Oh my God.
Wow.
I could not imagine.
Great.
A whole weekend.
Breakfast, breakfast with violent Jay.
Yeah.
Could you imagine a, what about if there was an in St. Clown Posse cruise?
Could you imagine being on a boat with those people?
That would be $45,000 I would need.
They go on a three-day cruise where it's just insane clown posse fans.
These fat slobs running all over with their dumb clown make up.
No women on board the entire boat.
Everyone would all of a sudden realize like, we're going on this boat, we're going to
party, we're going to meet so many girls, it's going to be awesome.
And then they get on the boat, they realize it was all guys with the same exact thought
and that no not one woman bought a ticket
so we'll know what woman would say yeah
well you know it sounds like a great time being on a boat with uh...
these insane clown-possy fans
off to me uh...
you know he trapped at sea but three days of the month of really like
dirty pasty horny man yes
you have a good night young man
Best show we'll be back next week.
We're gonna do it again.
We're gonna do it every week. This show can't be stopped.
It's Churchill. This show's like Churchill.
I hear all these other shows, like Neville Chamberlain.
They fold. They're ready to give in, ready to quit.
We don't quit, right, Mike?
We fight.
fight. We fight. We fight. Now I've lost it.
We shall fight in bronze. Yes.
We shall fight on the seas and oceans.
We shall fight in the seas and oceans.
We shall fight with growing confidence and growing strength in the air.
We shall defend our island. Whatever the cast may be.
We shall fight on the beaches. We shall fight on the landing grounds.
We shall fight in the fields, and in the streets, we shall fight in the hills.
We shall never surrender, and if, which I do not for a moment believe, this island or
large part of it was subjugated and starving, then our empire beyond the seas, armed and
God is by the British fleet would carry on the struggle until in God's good time the new world
with all its power and might steps forth to the rescue and the liberation of the old.