prefer to say to say not
before we burp
long water
under
water
white water
if
since
not
or
full
water
missed
sluts
over
Pacific
healthcare
This is another antique phonograph show that comes to an end.
Another best show.
Oh!
There it is.
Another best show.
Must begin.
Sorry!
I don't know what to tell you. I have no say on the schedule. I legally have to do
a show.
But oh, what a show it's going to be.
I miss level.
We're going to I miss land tonight.
Get ready.
We are not going to I miss land.
Here on WFMU. We stars WXHC Mount Hope Worldwide on the worldwide web at WFMU.org.
This is the best show WFMU. Here for another Tuesday night.
Let's get it started.
???
S Radio Show, Ever...
Hey, who's this?
I am by theinarilyISSIONers!
Fiiiiitt, uh... Gerald Fromlar,cosir Item.
Tom Sharpling, Governor of Party!
His name is Purple Source!
Teach on the far Dodgers!
This is Richard Called.
What's your name?
Baron.
ard at A&M.
And well what's inside the two?
Firecry.
Maurice Kurt?
Horrifying.
Hey Thomas Bruce.
Tommy!
Who's this?
Genji Vitis.
Yes, they have Rick Feloni at the wall.
I guess it's wood.
I hate you.
It's Peter.
Hey, it's Steinberg.
Mm-hmm.
You are creepy and I'm hanging upon you.
Boing.
Roger Douglas.
My name is Ollie Fairnock.
I'll say it.
You'll hear it.
You'll do it.
I'll get it.
You'll learn it.
I'll live with it.
And you'll die without it.
There's a policy call.
Good day.
What's up, Tom? It's Tristan.
Hey, it's Michelle.
Yeah, Tom. This is Jim Riffle. How you doing?
When I get to do the toilet talk now.
The vaudeville of the new century.
My name is Tom Riley. I'm calling from New Zealand.
Hey, man, it's Brian.
Head up now. That's a tent pole. It's a tent pole show.
Hey, this is Tedlia.
Whaaaaaaat?
This is Pete from the Future.
Hi, Tom. It's DJ Terry Chase.
Hey, from Knoxville.
Supercaller.
It's off the top.
My name is Mike Zajak.
Get off my phone, I don't care!
Hey, this is it, becans, man!
I'm going to go to bed now, by phone!
Hey, Tom, it's Gordon.
Hey, Gordon, how are you?
I was in a band in the early 90s, my name's Jerry Page.
Tom, why do you listen to Jeffrey Ludell?
It's a fat, diseased, wilder, right in the night, isn't it?
The disenfranchised have a home now!
I'm the hero of the disenfranchised!
I've been through the streets and you breathe
And I've gone to the light
To choose the night
It's eight o'clock
And it's time to heal the rest
Let's go, we're drawing you now
Let's go, we're drawing you now
I'll leave you in the back, I'll leave you in the back, I'll leave you in the back
I'll leave you
I said, I needed you
I said, I needed you
So
And it's all over
I don't want no police around my door
I don't want no police, I don't want no police
Man creepin' around my front door
And if you do anything wrong, if anybody
And if you do, if you do anything wrong, if anybody
I don't want no fire trucks, I don't want no fire trucks on my block
Now I don't want no fire, truck's flashing pretty lights, and driving up and down my car
They can do, they can do, I don't want anybody to you
Get the new, they can do, I don't want anybody to you
Can I make a request for a certain part of you?
Make sure you feel safe, make sure I feel safe
If you can, that I can't trust you
I don't think it's any fun after you fight 9-1-1
If you do, if you do, I wanna fight
If you do, if you do, I wanna fight
Oh yeah I wonder
You see the people of all their lives
I'm just making them look at me
Can't imagine that their minds are taking the same as me
I can't hear the grass grow
I can't hear the grass grow
I see rainbows in the end
My head's attracted to a magnificent wave of sound
With the streams of colored circles, making their way around
I can't hear the best grow, I can't hear the best grow
I see rainbows in the abyss
You can't seem to cause the love to shine
My sense is found in my grave
Get a hold of yourself now, baby
You see, I need you to help out, baby
I get a heartache out there, baby
Put your hands out to the ground
And listen to your mind
If you can't spell what you find
I know that you're like my kind
I can't hear the grass grow
I can't hear the grass grow
I see rainbows in the air
Can't seem to cause the love that's mine
My sense is coming of mine
I can't hold it yourself now, baby
I need you to help me, baby
I can't hold it yourself now, baby
You see the people holding light
I was thinking down the road down the street
Can't imagine that I felt mine
I was thinking the same with me
I can hear the grass grow
I can hear the grass grow
I see rainbows in the evening
I can hear the grass grow
I can hear the grass grow
I see rain more till the end
FMU, you're on the air.
Yes, Steven, please guitar nut bass, dude.
What's that?
Little Steven, please guitar nut bass.
He plays bass.
Does not.
You have no idea what you're talking about.
you're talking about no idea what you're talking about that you a million
dollars he plays bass i'll bet you five thousand
look it up now so you see so you're willing you're you're willing and you're
so but i just know have your little friend petey go find out
hey we're there in a friend pete yes so you're so confident you're well
you're willing to go down nine hundred ninety nine and then
Go off my head! I don't want to go...
FM you, you're on the air.
You're reaching for the top show
There isn't any debate
Don't wait until the solution is up
My show
Double your weapon
My show
Double your weapon
My show
Double your weapon
My show
Oh, this is not good, this is not good.
All right, yes, guess who's back?
Fessio, 2008, 2008.
Oh, brother.
We done yet?
Can I go yet?
No?
Jeepers, creepers.
I'm not feeling it tonight.
Mark this down as an L. You hear that mic? Mark it down as an L.
This is fastest L in history.
We just heard from the move. I can hear the grass grow.
One of their many amazing hit singles.
From the 60s.
before that Sloan from their hot new album parallel play
we heard emergency 9-1-1
I don't like it
I already got the wrong music playing
I already got the wrong music playing
There it is.
Old friends, bookends, there you are.
Starting us off digital leather.
From their new album Sorcerer, we heard hologram.
Good stuff.
My name is Tom Sharpling.
I'm the host of tonight's installment of the Best Show in WFMU.
Oh, that flashing line scares me.
it
michael
when you say it's our friend
you're being uh... you're being facetious
fm you you're on the air
Where'd that cackle come from?
I'm in a good mood.
You're in a good mood?
Yes.
What happened?
Oh, I'm making action, making a couple DVDs for my co-worker who's retiring.
Uh-huh, like 8mm, that kind of DVD?
No.
Right?
Kind of thing you can't unsee.
I'm sorry, what?
what you're making the kind of movie that you can't unsee once you see it
expect that kind of movement out and there's no it's no blood and god sent
no you know
anything
out there
what is it's mostly music
a music dvd
well i like what what kind of stuff can your co-worker
uh... upon their departure look forward to
well he's into the same kind of music i like
well cuz he was around at that time okay so this guy's a hundred and ten years
old
not quite but yes
so he likes do a lot
do a lot
girl group
you know
the beat up you know british groups
mo town
would you say usual would you sing a song with me
all of it
well i do think of kids
that's all right
you know what you know walking in the sand you know that song
Oh, but a shankle lot.
Yes.
Oh.
I'll do the back up, so you do the lead part.
You ready?
Mm-hmm.
Doom.
Doom.
Oh, oh good.
Nice, got it.
Come on!
Get off my phone!
Guy boots it!
This was supposed to be some aficionado with that stuff.
I serve up their biggest hit for them!
Good riddance.
Unbelievable.
got his big break the world was watching the world was watching and he just
booted it well I'm drinking this diet Pepsi I don't want to
them it's killing me for last week a month and a half it's felt like I've had a
a peach pit in my throat. I will be dead soon. Soon I'll be dead. I'm going to leave this
show to you, Mike. Not saying you will host it, but you'll be sitting out there for someone
new what's that I mentioned George Carlin last week and now he passed away what
What did I say about him?
Oh yeah, that foul mouth.
You know what?
Look, guy was as miserable as they came.
He watched his last two HBO specials.
All he was doing was moaning about how he hated humanity.
Good, you're gone now.
And you want to know what?
Anybody want to say that's harsh?
I couldn't say anything.
One-tenth is harsh is what that guy said on his last special.
You know what?
Hope you're happy now.
what you want no life I like being here you think I want to drop dead from this
beach fit my throat no I don't want a croak I like it here that guy didn't like
it then now he's gone good night on funny man yeah you know what too soon
to tune you just go check out that last HBO special and you tell me that you
could say anything about that guy after his take on humanity I want positive
people people want to be here yeah I mean people want to be here and their
bodies are giving out on them sick
Make room for someone who wants to be here.
That's what I says.
Got moaning about how awful life is.
Yeah, we should head it back now, don't you?
Appreciate the gift.
Appreciate it!
two oh one two oh nine nine three six eight shows off to a
can anybody tell I have I have not had caffeine in the in the in four days can
anybody tell you think it comes across Mike a little bit you think it's coming
across a little bit the fact that I am trying to regulate my intake of of of
of caffeine because of my stomach ailment that is slowly killing me, I can tell this
is going to, Mike's screening a call, I can barely understand you I heard him say, that's
got the all the all the earmarks of a great call
i can barely understand you
fm you you're on the air
whoa what uh... this is correct uh... giant fell over what was your name what
my name's tom i'm not i'm not a jet fan i'm a i'm a i'm a broken dog
dodger's fan from uh...
i used to live in our cobble hill uh-huh
but you can't be everything to all of the people some of the time but not all
of the time but then you can't be all the people all the time either but you
can't identify yourself anyway because you're not you're not amusing and you
you're insignificant because you listen to Sonic you've done you're done no I'm
not done I'm talking about reality man okay well let's let's buy some gum and
chill it and throw it in the park and let the bombs like find it and try to
to sell it. I have no time for this. I have no time. I have no time for that. What am
I looking at? Street wisdom. Street wisdom. Guy's going to be one of those guys. He's
This guy's gonna be a prefab character.
They say he's on the bar, but the garbage is in the chu-wit.
Because then you listen to Sonic Youth.
I got no time for that.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, Tom.
Hello, who's this?
Paul.
Paul from?
Brooklyn.
Brooklyn, what part of Brooklyn, Paul?
Ah, boredom hill.
Boredom Hill?
hill
okay
i thought that uh...
died pepsi might not be the best way to go about getting off the caffeine
yet i thought so too but i was not i figured i didn't want to fall asleep on
the air
you know you're such a help not at all
uh... this is going to go great what you were
get off my phone
go take a walk around the park
young man
all right hey mike uh... if you go to library
You'll find, uh, go in the Ds in the CDs, uh, Davis comma miles.
There's a CD, it's a double disc, uh, called, uh, uh, Pangaea.
You know what?
No, don't even touch it.
You stay right where you are.
I'm turning this L around.
Strapped this one to my back.
Such a health nut.
What am I talking about?
What am I, uh, Gary Knoll?
talk about health all the time. Oh, this is going to be a rough one. Thank goodness, we
only have 25 minutes to go in. Oh no, we've only done 25 minutes of the show. There's
still two hours and 37 minutes left. Unbelievable. Why am I here again? Oh, a giant paycheck.
Okay, oh no, I have to volunteer, okay?
Okay, 201, 209, nine, three, six, eight.
Great wisdom tonight from the listeners
to really coming through.
It's time to start spraying Brooklyn.
Some weird, anti-depressant.
Calm those people down.
just a little plain, low-flying, just like a crop duster, but spraying like something
to like some Paxil or something. Over McCarran Park, mellow them out, mellow those kooks
out. It might be time for an escape from New York, where we wall it in.
Yep. So I've had a few sips of this diet Pepsi trying to keep my energy up so I can
bring it during the show
to conundrum
so basically you can say this show is killing me
fm you you're on the air
hey tom that i'm from ohio
adam from ohio what part of ohio where you from adam
to leto how are things in to leto tonight
uh... doing all right
uh... i want to call that
after he thought that uh...
to kill o'neill
incident
he did uh... some rap where he made fun of uh...
where he made fun of uh... coby brian
i have not watched it yet i've heard about it
yeah i don't like that
i i i i wasn't aware that she keel had such a uh...
and not a nasty side
yeah it got uh...
has got a calm down a little bit
It's kind of low blow. I thought Shaquille O'Neal was more of a class act than that.
Right, right.
You know, put the guys up there doing his rap making fun of his former teammate.
I didn't see him in the finals this year.
Yeah, I think I saw the Suns flame out in the first round.
Right.
all right thanks Adam thanks huh FM you you're on the air yes hello Tom yes
hi this is who Evan Evan from West Philadelphia how are things in West
Philadelphia tonight balmy it's nice it's balmy yeah hey Tom I want to get some
details you said you had a stomach ailment what's going on I missed the
first part of that. Feels like I got a peach pit lodged in my throat. And your throat?
Yeah. And did you get it diagnosed? Yeah. Something fancy? Yeah, it is something fancy.
It's called Rolls Royce disease. Lush living, huh? Yeah, it's all the, all the
patay I've been eating so you can't have caffeine at all okay I'm trying not to
irritate my stomach yeah I'm a big tea drinker all right it's interesting
wondered what kind of tea you like oh boy sleepy time now that's the shocking
based on the way this calls going I'm a purist yeah I just thought it might be
easier in your stomach and coffee if that's for you to look older. I might have to
try that tea. How do you spell that?
Chamellia cenensis. What's that? Chamellia cenensis.
Well, was that weed?
No.
Oh, boy.
shows getting worse
there anything war is there anything lower than an L
FM you're on the air
hi Tom it's Julie from Cincinnati
hey how are you tonight
super how are you I'm doing amazing
yeah
this show is really awesome
thank you
thanks um
you can grow little stones on your tonsils
okay maybe that you really are growing a peach pit though have you like gone to
this space software I got nothing tonight I can't I can't entertain this yeah
you know I made the mistake of talking about myself that's what I made the
mistake. Mike says the next call will turn the corner. F.M.U. you're on the air.
All right I need you just to chill out all right? Uh-huh. You and I are buds from
way back right? Yeah who's this? Oh come on man we're buds from way back man. Oh I
think I knew this is Bryce. Absolutely. How are you doing tonight? I'm doing
pretty good
and i want to make you do better too
uh... how so
well it sounds like you're not doing so good
yeah and i'm not having a not having an amazing time now you got uh...
what they called on your you got some sort of throat problem
yeah i i got a little throat you got the polyps
i don't think it's polyps what do you think it is
um
yeah i think i think it's uh...
I think it's like an acid reflux kind of thing.
Acid reflux.
Okay.
You know what I would do?
What's that?
It's what I'd do.
What's that?
Geez.
Oh
That's what you do yeah dust off why dust off yeah what's that I don't know
what that means yeah there's something you that you kind of shoot inside your
uh... your keyboard to get the dust off
yeah that's horrible
it's good stuff you should try it
not gonna tell you probably get rid of that stuff on your
polyps
so i should put a can of dust off in my mouth no you don't put a can in
you slowly you know it in just it
like i just did
ingest so that's what that was that was a kind of dust off absolutely why
it's horrible no it's not man I want you to feel good you know what'll make you
feel real good what's that road trips three what's that road trips three what
is road trips well it's technically road trips of all you one number three
uh-huh yeah it's kind of like big pics this is summer 71 so this is like some
Grateful Dead thing. Oh, yeah. New Haven, Chicago, Hollywood, Pedro. And these are just all the
different shows on a tour. Oh, yeah. It's just bits of shows. Yeah. Driving the deadheads
mad though, because we want whole shows. Uh-huh. Well, yeah, we got a make-do with this,
because they know what's good for us, right? Bobby and the boys. Uh-huh. Yeah. They know
what's good for the deadheads. Absolutely, yeah. Yeah, I don't think they've ever
taking advantage of you guys never I don't think they've ever maybe put out
merchandise or never know how dare you no no I'm agreeing with you oh wait what
yeah okay hey you know can I make a song request sure what is it I want to
hear that song the night they drove old Dixie down the night they drove all
Dixie down yeah oh I don't know by the band yeah you're gonna play it or not
I'm probably not now well it seems kind of apropos why is that well cuz you
were you were talking about George Carlin dying yeah and he was on the
cabinet a lot I'm missing what you're saying well he was on the big
Cavitt show a lot uh-huh sure, but how does that tie into request you requesting a song by the band what's the night
They drove old dick see down
Dixie yeah dick cavitt. No, that's not it's dick D. D. I. X. I. E. What's that?
So that's uh the south no man
That songs about the night that leave on helmet was driving dick have it down from Woodstock to Manhattan
who who was driving him down leave on helmet why on helmet yeah that's his
name the drummer wait you have a radio show no it's leave on helm that's the
drummer no he's not he is what man well there's not names I leave on helmet
yes it is and that song is not the night they drove old dick see down yeah
at dick the ick and and that the letter c
it isn't it absolutely isn't absolutely isn't you know more importantly what's
that i have a big announcement to make what's that
i am officially
taking my dr stu pat
that i threw in the ring
for them
may you uh... you've been a torial
Let me say it, um, the, um, the, the May, the May you, may you be in a, may you be in
a, may you be in a, let me say it, the May you, tutorial, tutorial, tutorial, tutorial,
race uh-huh and I'm putting it back in my baggy pocket so you're taking your hat
out of the ring absolutely yeah and why is that oh I don't I'd rather not say I
just don't want to do it so you now do not want to run yeah wow yeah I'm not
gonna do it that's weird you seem so into it I was until recently uh-huh yeah
Did something trigger this?
No, not really, no, no.
No?
No, definitely not.
You sound kind of sketchy here, like you're a little nervous.
I'm not doing any drawings or nothing, no.
You're not doing what?
You said I was doing sketches?
No, it's not sketchy.
I have done sketches in the past though.
You sound like you're very nervous.
Yeah, what my best sketch is of?
What?
What is the fill zone?
Well basically the fill zone is whatever you want it to be but in my interpretation it's
basically Phil's POV that's point of view.
Yeah yeah I know POV stands for point of view.
Oh I'm sorry I didn't know that you were in the industry like me anyway it's Phil's
point of view and he's playing his base solo with his head's head's stockless base.
He's looking out at like an ocean of faces
Yeah, and that's the Phil Zone only one one thing what's that all the faces are mine
Well, that's kind it's it's beautiful. Isn't it? Oh, it's not all the faces are yours. Yeah, why?
It's a little weird the night
they drove old dick see down and
I dropped out of the race
That's still not clear on why you're dropping out.
I'm just dropping out.
Let's leave it at that, OK?
OK.
Look, I got to go to my lean to is blowing over.
All right, we'll go take care of that.
I'm sorry.
You won't be running for a mayor of Newbridge.
That's OK.
L days.
L days to you, too.
Wow.
I didn't get threatened.
201-209-9368, that's the number tonight.
tonight's installment of the best show on WFMU.
Yeah, I want to live though. That's a thing. I want to live.
I'm not looking too croak.
I want to be here.
I think it's because I don't sleep anymore.
I think that's what's doing it.
I don't sleep so I think it's affecting my stomach.
So hey everybody, I had something to say here, let me get my head.
should just do the Pangea thing.
Right?
That's a split.
I hope everybody goes to Caroline's to check out Patton Oswald will be performing there.
the amazingly awesome Patton Oswalt.
It's as funny as it gets.
Guys doing stand up from the June 26th, 27th, 28th,
and 29th over Carolin's in New York City.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey Tom, it's Paul from Staten Island.
Paul from Staten Island, how are you?
I'm doing all right, how are you, sir?
Doing okay.
Doing okay?
Yes.
All right.
Well, I don't like to call pretty much.
I didn't have a chance to call it last week.
And last week's topic was especially poignant for me.
So I thought I might revisit it for a moment or two.
Really, you think you have the clout to do that?
Not really.
I'm that's why I'm asking for your information go forward go forward. Okay. Well
That week's topic was of course
Hello, you're still here. I'm still here. Okay
was your ranking things in the Brooklyn vegan
commenters were at the bottom. Yes, and
a few weeks ago there was a bit of a festival on Staten Island a music festival and
one of the promoters for the festival
posted um... the mafya and prokon vegan in order to promote it the mafia
uh...
but not the mafia no okay
so um... of course lemon tree
well it was not the lemon tree now
where's that place you like to eat
excuse me you name the place you like to eat what was that like the uh... by
you cafe or something
by you can guys on statin island
the by you cafe
well i mean why am i going to go out for food on stand island you know of our
alian food rather when it's just like there are just so many great places i
can just have it delivered to my home
and it's a good fantastic Italian food fair enough
fair enough to put me in my place
when you leave the house
it's got to be for something like the bayou cafe
uh...
probably yes
now what about a laparista uh... bruno
what about that uh... every that place
think i don't know
uh... you know i got to go there now because the doodos is gone
doodos is gone
yet unaware of that
i didn't know that
or some of us doodos
uh...
it's that
so go i'm sorry i interrupted you
it's it's okay
so um...
so any way that
festival on stand out posted on book and vegan who performed at this festival
uh... it was all local
all stand island and
uh...
so anyway after the post it's post on a book and again and
the commenters immediately
just start dumping on stand island
like right off the bat before anyone says anything
you know uh...
you know who live there what is this place what comes from there
why would anyone want to live there i don't consider a part of new york city
all that stuff what
yes exactly and where these people from
i think that uh...
a few people made that point
that what i would have been in new york for uh... two-and-a-half years
now they're the experts
yeah exactly
so i would just like if you if you wouldn't mind
if you could just re-open list
and put statin islands
above brooklyn vian
uh... commenters
well i don't care where it is
is because but i know brooklyn vegan commenters are the bottom of course that
now and
is above
brooklyn vegan commenters
well that's not it's not that uh... i'm perplexed that you would even suggest
such an insane uh... uh... a premise that it wouldn't be
well i mean i know that and you know that but i feel there's a lot of people
out there that don't know that
In fact, you know, some of them might be in your listening audience, because one of the comments was
see you at sududos, spelled with a Z, and I feel that might come directly from your influence.
If this will make you happy, right now, I'm putting Staten Island on the list, above...
...putting it above the perfect waffle.
Above the perfect waffle. Wow. That's pretty high. I thought we'd be like, you know around 60 minute episode of Colombo or something like that
You're a couple above that
Okay
Fair enough. Give me back on that list. You know what you're talking about
All right, everything's on the same spot on that list
What's that the good stuff is always on the same spot on that list
Is it think about it?
Hmm
we'll read i i don't recall the list in in in total over to the right
below the line
but to the far right just below the line
and to the far right
always the stuff i'm interested i go to that spot
can i say what that list is now
uh... i think i know exactly what you're talking about it but you do not want
that broadcast over the air
well i don't uh... i'd do i'm no longer associated with that up a patient so
well then say it say it
uh... that would be new york magazine's approval matrix yes
and the approval matrix anything good
what is it what is the horizontal line
uh... the horizontal line is high brown lowbrow brow brow and highbrow yeah
all the good stuff
is
lowbrow
lowbrow brilliant yeah lowbrow and brilliant
that's the quadrant you want yes that's my quadrant right there
low-brow and brilliant
the swably agree
lunch pail crowd
it's a month
mike
mike on a month
i'm going to i'm going to i gotta get out of here
all right i'll let you know i don't want to take a picture of your time
thank you paul
see if you can find me a steam whistle in the there's a you know where the sound
affects cds are
see if you can find me a steam whistle because you know what
that's what this show is
i gotta get back to my roots
is hardhat radio
is hardhat
i need a steam whistle to trigger the show
lunch pail is a lunch pail crowd
fm you're on the air
yeah i'd charge carlin funny or dead than any of your buddies are alive
you want to know what i think george carland is you know that i think it's
funny that you're dead saying nothing than anyone you promoted a lot
sure
okay
they want you to go say hi to george carland
i win
do me a favor
go check them out
go to one of his concerts now
george carland
that guy stunk
stinks now
most over as is overrated as you can get
it is a miserable crab
i'm moaning on stage about
horrible it is to be alive
of the human race is doomed
that thanks for helping out
only talking never votes
he considered a considered like moral morally objectionable to vote
all you need to know about uh... george carland
is it is hero
that uh... bill mar
was talking about him saying that that's his hero
that's all you need to know
anybody passes away
they have my utmost sympathy
people want to stay here on earth
who are enjoying their time
who like having their
feet on the ground and like breathing the air
and that guy laughed at anything
from the last george carland specials
anything
he has proven his opinion of comedy
fm you you're on the air
that was right
what's that
that was right
the last guy was right what
that it was called with four million you
george carland he was funny as i thought that yeah
okay
you like george carland
that's what that's what you think of them
okay
don't look like i've got
let's go with
okay
uh... yeah
all right well i guess you were in league with that last guy
but uh... hello
okay
guess that last guy and his buddies are coming out now
full steam
look
i like being here
i like being alive
you have to have russard uh... dying
i was horrible
that guy like being here
he liked it
george carland couldn't wait to get out of here
he's gone now
he got what he wanted
he's gone
fm you you're on the air
it's time back
steinberg
okay how are you doing tonight
a term
how are you
in a while yes it has been a while
yam sitting outside of a
some building chasing fireflies
and uh... i thought i'd give you a call
you're chasing fireflies
uh-huh
how's that going for you
okay and
i'm getting close
to catching one
so how's everything been going for you uh... stenberg what's uh... what's new in
in your world
um...
i don't know i've i've been having a a rough few months
um... seemingly things were going great
i had a had a job not a dollar store it was uh...
You know, an entry level job, but I was making decent money, and I had a girlfriend, and
I got a car.
You had a car, and what happened?
Do you not have those things now?
No.
Blue, what happened?
I was getting too cocky, you know, and I just thought, well, you know, I was getting
sleep, like every night. And I was happy and it's not the best, you know, situation to
make music with.
It's hard to make music when you're sad.
Now it's hard to make music when you're happy.
Oh it is?
So you're finding yourself now and now are you making music now?
Yes, I wasn't making music. I was making money, but not music.
Oh, I see. So you lost your focus.
I lost what was important in life, you know?
The music.
I was talking to my mom, and
you know, she was happy.
And, you know, I need that sort of conflict
to work my music.
You need a push and pull.
Yeah. The tug of war.
yeah
exactly
you know and so what what what music do you have
well it's it's all you know working uh... in in the works i mean
a lot of uh...
i'm gonna say they're gonna be hit like the one hundred
you know
top four
songs in the nation kind of thing really
Like do you have an example for us?
No.
No?
They're in the works, but I could sense it, you know?
What number is it, Mike?
So when will we hear some of these songs, M.C. Steinberg?
I don't know.
And when they're done, I'm not headlier, I can't write a song at a night.
um...
i'm working on it
uh... hahahaha yeah
holy <E.D.> i got one
got one what
a firefight ok that's what you're trying to catch fireflies
yeah i'd like flew right i was like running after him the whole time and
this one just flew like right towards my face
this one just showed up for you
uh... i'd like to know i love it
well i just wanted to tell you that i'm okay and i did well good everybody
people ask about you and uh... hopefully we hear some of your new music soon
yeah
uh...
i i i heard that you you
uh... have have you know stomach problems and such
something like that yeah
yeah what you said it was because you're not sleeping i think it's because i'm
not sleeping yeah
keep doing that for like
another few weeks
keep doing what not sleeping
yeah it'll balance out
you your body will get used to it
well now that that sounds like terrible advice
i need to sleep
to each of them i say
and uh... i say
the tom rules
oh well thank your sweet empty stonberg
when you got some of this music let us hear it
all right all
I'll try. I put a video on the board, but I'm going to check it out. All right. Well, I'm there.
No, I'm a private time. Well, yeah, that's what I thought. I mean, I know. I'll just hang up now.
All right, you have a good night. All right, bye.
Let's see. Let's see if this is the right sound effect. No.
Oh, I'm not captain stooping.
Ooh, ooh, like when the guys are getting back to work,
the guys out on the beam.
On this one, there's a factory whistle.
Another one has a factory whistle. I think that's what I need.
I need to get in touch with these people, with these slobs, a lunch pail crowd.
I have turned this show into hard hat radio that might be it. Oh, I don't like the word
alarm attached to that. Would you know a number that was? Second calm. Steel mill. There it
number 81 let's see. I want this show to appeal to the guys who are out on the, you
know, they eat their lunch out on the on the girder. Let's see.
That's not it, it's not like a horror movie, it's not like a weird conveyor belt.
If somebody was going to get a, it was being led to their death.
I'm going to use this for the song, hold Spanish and toilet flush.
Right at the end of the song.
Need a, I need a steam whistle.
Anybody out there you got a steam whistle for you send it's for me send it to me
Send me the mp3 the show. It's time for the show to be
I'm going for the is all for the all for the slobs now. We're going to just slob radio
Garbage trucks in alley no
Well, there's plenty of people working hard.
I think what I need, I need it to go like this.
This is the ideal thing.
If somebody would put this together for me, it'd be like a ticking sound like it's going
to 5 p.m. right?
It'd be like tick, tick, tick.
Then all of a sudden you hear the steam whistle, then you hear, bang on, on, on, out, bad to
the bone should kick in bad to the bone and with the steam whistle through all of bad
to the bone just like constantly through it like like I make a wish man bow bad to the
I saw it was on. It was hanging out with the nine-year-olds in it. It's like running down
the street with nine-year-olds. It's like, how bad is that?
It's tired of those old blues fans. Yeah. Is this good or is this on screen? Are we
on screen? That's scary. FMU, you're on the air. Hey, this is Rachel from Kansas City.
Do you play jungle land for me?
Jungle land, you wanna hear jungle land?
Yeah, I sure do.
Hold on a second.
Okay.
Let me cue it out.
Thanks.
That alright looks good jungle land.
Where is it?
Here it is.
Born to run.
I think it's a final cut on Born to Run, right?
Sure is.
You ever hear on radio, you ever hear somebody talk up a record?
No.
Rachel, you know, like, this is what I think we could do right now, make it awesome.
Do you want to send it out to anybody?
No, I just really want to hear that text so well.
Okay. Well, why don't you say, like, your name was Rachel, right?
Sure it is.
They're like, hey, it's Rachel in Kansas City, WFMU, born to run.
From born to run, it's jungle land, okay?
Okay.
You ready? Let me get it ready.
Hey, you start.
Hey, it's Rachel from Kansas City.
From born to run, it's jungle land, final cut.
A double scoop, please No, maybe I won't, maybe I won't, maybe I'll have
the two teeth fruit, with fruity blue cheese, all but walk, you find bad, walk, you find
bad, walk, you find bad, don't let it get on your cheeks, and look, it sounds a little
But you've got to eat it with love, so your hands are dirty and mean
Oh, my God
And I do believe I'm gonna try some and leave enough room for dessert chicken with a lice
Free of goodness.
Yeah, jungle land.
Showing out to the people, the proud people of Kansas City.
Saxo has sounded as sweet as ever.
The big man.
WFMU East Orange WXHD Mount Hope World Wide and World Wide Web at WFMU dot O-R-G
This is best shown WFMU. My name is Tom Sharpling. I'm here for tonight's installment
So anyway
I'm watching this documentary the other day.
the band uh...
tad
it's about tad the band tad from the uh...
late eighties early nineties
the uh... grunge band
led by tad dole
and it was it was uh...
it was actually uh... fun
ish documentary
going behind the scenes with the whole tad experience.
Lifting the veil from the mystery of tad.
But this thing did what every one of these documentaries does, where they cannot help
but over-hype the band that it's about.
I'm watching this thing.
This one guy's talking about Tad as if these songs are...
as if this guy was writing the Beatles songs.
Look, I bought those Tad records.
I was there. I was on board. I got them all.
Not so good.
Stor resistance is a
guy during a talking about Ted's ability as a drummer.
we're seeing this guy like the melodies that this guy was putting together in
this thing and the textures but then he goes too far as if that wasn't far
enough because that's personal choice you think those songs are the greatest
songs ever and more power to you but then the guy says Ted was like a
classical classically trained drummer like this guy could drum like he was a
classically trained drummer I'm gonna call call shenanigans on that one
Classically trained drummer, can we, has he gone through any of the, has he tried to
join in orchestra?
I'm betting the tad Doyle wouldn't make it if the Seattle Philharmonic was auditioning.
So he's talking about that.
I want you to say, you know what, you have to overstate it.
No reason.
They'll really you're like lying now. You're lying
Tonight's topic you're lying I
Want to hear the examples you've got?
When you've you've sat there and you've listened to somebody give their their their a spiel
Their their their their you know, they're opinion on something and you just you just hear them lying
It's wide open. Everyone can participate in this one. 201-209-9368. Tonight's topic.
You're lying. FMU, you're on the air. Oh, sorry. FMU, you're on the air.
What's going on, man? Not a whole lot, man. What's up?
Oh, no, I'm not sure. My name is Matt Kay. I'm from Montclair, New Jersey.
How's things in Montclair tonight? You know, pretty pleasant, actually.
wasn't actually good
i just i got a quick one for you sure let's hear it made i think that they got
brights
think so
uh...
you've noticed how much he sounds like tally from south park
the talking how can i know yeah hey what what convenience or do you work at
that i'm at the atm
here that beeping in the background how would you take it out i'll cut it out
how would you take it out
A quick 40 quick 40. Yeah, you go eat
Yeah, get some Chinese. Yeah, but you you see that you see the resemblance
No, I never noticed that but I think you're right. Maybe it is towely. It's case one again
Maybe it is towely. Oh, man. I either that or there's a copyright infringement. I think so. We need to investigate
All right, well have a good one man. I'll probably call back if I got something relevant to talk about I look forward to it, man
All right, take care. Thanks, man
If I'm you, you're on the air. Hey, what's going on? Not much, man. How are you doing tonight? Doing all right, dude. What's that? What's up, man? Oh, nothing. Just, uh, I don't like liars, man. Yeah, me neither. Yeah, they're like snakes, you know. What about it? Like poison. Yeah. Yeah, huh? You said it, man. I'm about to go, though. I'm about to get home, you know, from work. It's like three.
good night, man. Alright, let's get the calls coming in here. 201-209-9368, 201-209-9368.
up, man.
Topic is, you're lying.
It's good to know that guy does not like liars.
A lot of people like liars.
anti-lawyer. Oh, this is not good. Am I sending something out? I think I'm getting
it back. I think I'm getting back what I'm giving off. Agony. Suffering. You know what?
I keep fighting now.
I keep fighting.
I want to be here.
I'm not here here.
I wish I was not here.
Ooh boy, 201, 209, 9368.
You know, I don't understand also.
ever drive along and they see on the back of a car or truck it's like caution show
dogs like on the back they have that which is offensive for a variety of
reasons first of all your show dogs worth more than my a dog somebody hits the
back of your car has more of a tragedy than if my dog's in the back, my mutt, your fancy
schmancy show dog, somehow is superior to my lowly pound mutt.
And secondly, what do you think this is, road warrior?
I think people rammin' everybody in the back,
drivin' people off the road, was it Ronin'?
Cawshin' show dogs.
Of course it's caution, you know what it says?
Cawshin' car!
Car had it, I don't wanna hit your car
if it's got nothin' in the back.
Oh, I better ease up on the gas pedal,
I don't wanna hit that car with the show dogs
in the back of it.
But it's all right if I cave the back in.
FMU, you're on the air.
You and I made-
What?
Liars.
Also.
You also hate liars.
You all right there, buddy?
I'm not your buddy.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Yeah, it's horse.
Oh, from Jocksquad.
From Jocksquad.
What can I do for you, horse?
I hate when people lie about how many reps they do.
Well, how many reps are you doing right now?
I'm up to like nine thousand three hundred and seventy eight.
Grunt, tank, spot me better.
Chirks.
Heard your tummy hurts.
Your little tum tum.
Yeah, yeah, my little tum tum.
Yeah, you know what you need to do?
What?
more crunches how many crunches are you doing all right now i'm not doing any
i'm doing a radio show wait what how many do you like normally not much of a
crunches type guy why it's not it's not you're right there i think i pulled
something yeah it's that you're you're a little too
Okay, can you rub my tum-tum?
Yeah, no
What
Shut up
Well, what can I do for you?
Yeah, I need to make a little announcement. Yeah. Yeah, you know, I'm going to reach into that ring. Yeah, I'm gonna grab my my weight belt
And I'm gonna withdraw from the meuba tutorial race
Why why I don't do it. I'm just not I don't know. I got her stuff going on
Why you're the second person tonight who was dropped out of the race. Oh, really? Yeah, that's weird
Wow
That doesn't make me any less of a man though
Does it no it it doesn't make you any less of a man. All right
No, you're you're fine. Oh cheaper. Thanks. I'm fine. Hey grunt tank
Little a little Tina on the radio says I'm fine
You know I'm on the high school radio station. Yeah
Yeah
The station you can't seem to stop calling up. I never call you. You I only call you when it's important. Oh, okay
It was important. I'm just not feeling it right now. Uh-huh. Yeah, I just don't want to run
It seems it's something up. What do you mean up up like
saying the top is the my my weight count it seems like it seems like a weird
coincidence what do you mean who else dropped out like I Bryce yeah well he
deserves to drop out I have other reason for dropping out what's that I don't
I'm going to run. Why? Why are you?
Yeah, something's up.
Nothing's up.
I've got to find out what's going on.
Nothing's up.
All right, I've got to get up to 9,700 before, like, 10. All right.
Well, good luck with that.
I've got to smash you like I did your computer.
Good luck with that horse.
I don't need luck.
Do you want to fight?
No, what? I was waiting for you to hang up.
If you want to fight, I'll fight you.
There he goes. All right. Wow two candidates dropping out in one night
201 209 9368 you're lying I
Hear nothing about this topic phones could not be more silent
these show dogs
i'm trying to get hit the back of anybody's car
whose goal of whose gunning it and then they ease up when they see the show dogs
i need that steam whistle sound effect
that's what the show needs
It's a steam whistle.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hello.
Oh, who's this?
This is Liz.
I'm calling from Chicago.
Uh-oh.
How are you?
I'm good.
I've got something for the topic.
Did you get in trouble at work?
I'm trying to keep a low profile there.
OK.
Did anybody hear that last week appearance?
Last week's appearance.
Actually, I went into work and one of my co-workers asked if I'd been fired yet.
I'm sorry.
That's okay.
He was joking.
Nick Snake.
We do not mention it anymore.
Right?
Yes.
Get me up there.
Get me a job up there.
Okay, I will.
Get me a job hosting that game show.
What's that thing called?
Like, hey, what's going on?
Oh, no.
Wait a minute.
No naming names.
Oh, you're right.
Okay.
can't help it
let's move forward what do you have for the topic
okay i wasn't there to witness this um... lie
but i heard about it
and uh... my friend and his wife
we're big who's to do fans and recently
drove all the way up to uh... a city wisconsin to go to the restaurant
that
greg Norton known with his wife okay
and he didn't realize that a greg Norton was actually there and he was so
excited. He was just raving. Oh, you're such a hero of mine. I'm so inspired. He was just
kind of gushing and kind of got carried away. And then Greg Norton said, oh, did you ever
get a chance to see us play? And my friend hadn't but decided to say yes. And he said,
yeah, I did. And Greg Norton said, when did you see us? And he said, 1991 in Chicago.
and he should yeah we were long broken up by then yeah yeah we're broken up six
years by that point that's embarrassing yeah and friends a liar you know he
totally made himself look like a fool he thought he was a hot shot that he was
gonna like man he couldn't even have gone earlier than that he was nervous he's
meeting a hero
in that much of a hero
didn't uh... he didn't know when that man has been his heroes band broke up
yet he got confused
did you like the food though
yeah the food was excellent
well what did he get the uh... could you be the one burger
and i think i think that
the celebrated waffle
celebrated waffle yes
This is a flexible french fries.
We will not do this anymore.
Okay.
New egg rising.
Okay Liz.
Okay.
FMU you're on the air.
Hello.
Hello.
Hi.
My topic is actually has to kind of do with her topic.
Sure.
What's your name?
My name is Kelly.
from Newark from Newark yeah the bricks brick city that's right a lot of great
people are from Newark I'm one of them yes well the problem is that there was
a club in Newark called the pipeline and a lot of kind of famous fans played
there but like before they were famous so when I'm 30 so I had a friend who was
like two years younger than me and he tried to say when we were like 23 that
he went to see Nine Inch Nails at the Pipeline in 1991, which would be like
impossible, but he would have been 11. And then you know and then like trying
to like really convince you he was there. He was one of like the 30 people who
were there and it's everybody I've ever met who said that they were at that
concert was were actually there. Pipeline would have been as big as like
Madison Square Garden. Yeah yeah everybody's just everybody's just picking
in this show and claiming they saw it.
Yeah, because I'm from Newark,
so I was at the pipeline, I saw a nine-ish nail.
Rather than just admit, I'm from Newark
and nine-ish nails played here, I didn't see it though.
Yeah, because I was too busy enjoying sixth grade,
but whatever. Exactly, like you're supposed to be.
Yeah, like how they were enjoying the fourth grade?
Yeah, exactly.
Your friend's a liar.
Well, not really my friend, more of an acquaintance.
your acquaintances a liar
exactly you have a good night madam
if i'm you you're on the air
and i'm not doing
doing all right man who's this
this is uh... trembling eagle
trembling eagle
got from the uh... friends a tom board the loudmouth
well his uh... snooty rap a hip-hop opinions
yeah i know i come off uh...
first of all let me just tell you something
stop posting first of all if you're going to post
use punctuation
skype posts
like a post like it's uh... like it's uh... twenty cents a to use a period
when he writes
those are free
any of those keys are there for you they're all for all calls the same zero
there's some punctuation it doesn't come on maybe maybe you'll come off as
arrogant
you know what that other people
this is a guy who you use you have no comprehension
that little wayne is actually
work
and dilutes his product
at a little that concept is that you are so far into you
yay because he's not quality this is the wobbly wobbly guy
no i'm not quality no you know he is he he can do it he's just insane and he
needs to get rained in
oh my god
well that's my answer sorry he's not as good as a white clef john
i listened to that song you wrote on that thing
you wrote on that thing call me if uh... if this song is a good what your phone
number that's always a worse song ever heard my life
say he did this guy
puts this song up on the board uh... on the friends of tom board is hip hop
argument
where he's like uh...
he's complaining cuz i said i like uh... i like i think little wane is a
talented but he's a he is he's out of control and does not focus his talent
this guy had this thing where he's not saying he's not a town but he likes
white clef john
it could and then he's a raise ranting all about that
and then he puts this that he put this
then he puts this thing at the line you do not like rap
i mean
you guys just like being hit
you like being up to date i mean there's no one
and that guy is terrible there's no talent there's no discernible thing this
is what you're missing this is what you're missing uh... buddy
i think
he's terrible
you're looking for your forgetting to put those two words in there
what it what do you the rap computer
what do you the wizard
you know all
trust me
you don't know much if you're pushing that white club john song is anything
other than uh...
anything other than uh... torture technique
well this is a song that was featured on
and i'm not a huge fan of white glass but i
you clearly know nothing you know you have heard not if you look if you
listen to one of these little way in mixtapes
his talent is undeniable but his his lack of focus
is also undeniable
the guy that can rhyme with the same words
school and school
and also you're the guy who's going to pick apart uh...
phrase by phrase what what uh... a certain some hip hop lyrics
this guy goes freestyle for minutes at a time and it's it's it you got to admit
It's good and you're gonna talk about hip. You should see your list on there. Hey, what do you want? I'm trying to
That's like the ultimate
Hip-let you just don't want to admit the hip-hop is that popular hip-hop is popular. Oh
Popular you don't want to admit you don't want to admit that that is hip-hop
You you just try to say that the door is closed
You just want the door to be closed and you stay the other thing. You can't understand the concept
yeah I can't talk about this this too insular get off my phone ban that guy
from the radio show he's not allowed to call in for 18 months ban him from the
message board for six months fm you you're on the air why am I having that
discussion with that guy hi Tom it's Chris and music strawberry calm get to
talk to you today I'm sorry I'm sorry to say Chris from Montclair well what
got for mccris let's do it
uh... i know you hate this guy more than i do
i saw one saturday
at the field of the pop festival do you know i'm talking about i have no idea
and deacon
i don't hate him more than anything it just says not my cup of tea
well i think he's a liar because he says he has a master's in music
composition uh-huh
and if a man with music composition skills
what he produces is
that
uh... i highly doubt a man with a master's in the company but look you can't say
that you can't say that either the guy could the guy could have you can use the
guy has all of them right over right
is the overcompose
got off my phone
a boy the shows and l
is as is a much of a disaster i've had in years
the show i got that one loud mouth calling up of the hip hop thing
thinks everybody's stupid
just because they don't share his opinions
fm you you're on the air
hi who's this
this is body
uh... think that
that's a lot of it
uh...
fix the show
uh...
how school
Sorry, I made you cry.
You didn't make me cry, the show's making.
The last 85 minutes is making me cry.
I'm sorry, Tom.
So you're getting ready for congratulations on graduating?
Well, no, I already graduated,
but I'm off at work and I can't this summer.
And this is like, I'm working all,
like we aren't allowed to have our still friends or anything.
And but this week I'm doing kitchen duty
and so I can have my still friend with me.
Well tonight I can call the show like for once during the summer and so here I am like
calling but I had nothing to talk about.
I'm sorry.
I just wanted to say hey.
You know what?
You're at camp?
How's that going?
You keeping the kids in line?
I'm trying to.
Is it hard?
I can get pretty stern.
It's the edge really hard.
These kids are out of control, aren't they?
Oh, you want to hear something bizarre that a kid said to me?
Yes.
We're at the pool and I was like one of the pool watchers and one of the girls goes
up to my roommate who didn't mix me and she fits her fist in my roommate's face and
just holds it there.
What did he do?
He held his fist?
Yeah, she held her fist in front of Rachel's face in front of my roommate's face, just
held it like that.
Like what?
I'm going to knock your block off?
I wasn't threatening, it was just like, just, I don't know, it was like, it was weird and
so then Rachel was like, what are you doing?
And the little girl said, my knuckles are staring at you, and then she like dove in the water
and then just started swimming again.
I don't know what to tell you.
It's a weird camp, it's a weird camp, it's a weird camp, all the kids weird like that.
Do what?
Are all the kids weird like that?
Not all of them, but they're about, I don't know, maybe five per week who are really weird.
Out of how many kids?
Out of how many kids?
Um, let's see, well, last week we had about 150 kids.
Oh, cool.
And it's overnight?
Yeah, yeah.
It's a week long overnight camp, so.
You yell at the kids?
You ever deprive them of food if they misbehave?
No, I don't need to deprive them of pool time.
You ever go through their stuff when they're snapping?
I try not to.
That's what I would do.
I'd go through their stuff.
Well, I remember, like, one time somebody called into the show and said they stole the kids' snacks
like when they worked at a camp or something yeah i think remember that
but i i haven't done that and they are allowed to have food in the cabin so
how many snacks do these kids bring
um like some people some of the kids bring like
some bags of cookies or whatever but we're like well we got to keep them until
it's time to go because you can't have food in the cabin
and surprisingly surprisingly we don't even eat the cookies
you just keep them is it like that movie heavyweights
Is it like that where their kids have stuff in on their floorboards?
Yes, no, not quite, they aren't like totally like that, at least every now and then they'll
bring something.
It's not like we have this board, didn't we have like a space under the floor or something
where we kept all the snacks?
Yes, yeah.
It's not like that because we have cement boards so we can't really, we have to get
like a jackhammer or something.
When Mike left the room, I went through his briefcase again, which people have told me
is not a good idea, and I agree this time.
He's planning on opening a summer camp with Spike.
You!
That's so weird.
Can you believe that?
Wouldn't that be horrible?
That would be horrifying.
It's called Mike.
It's called Mike and Spike's Dew Op Horror Camp.
Whoa!
That'd be like, I don't have nightmares tonight just thinking about that.
When you go through the kid's stuff, let me know what you find.
And if you get caught, you should go in wearing a sheet as if you're a kid goes like, what's
going on?
You say like, I'm the ghost of this camp.
Right?
It probably worked too, because they're really young.
It would work.
How old are these kids?
They're like third grade.
They're little.
They're babies.
Well that's fantastic. Bonnie, I'm glad you're having an okay summer there.
Well, I hope you have a better night, you know, and I just wanted to say hey and I won't be able to call again until, like, you know, when I get back home.
I just wanted to say hey.
And how many more weeks are you at this camp?
Um, about four more weeks.
Are they paying you a ton of money?
No.
You're gonna be rich, right?
I'm not going to be rich, but I can like dilute myself and tell myself I'm gonna be
rich. Well, you know, you have a good time there and then have fun and we will
talk to you when you get back. Okay, well you have a good night. Thanks, Bonnie.
All right, all right, bye. That's how it's done. FMU, you're on the air. Tom, I
I understand I'm starting the camp.
That's what it said in Mike's briefcase.
I don't know, are you?
Not that I know of, because I hate kids.
Well, I didn't, I don't know.
Look, I'm only reading the documents in Mike's briefcase.
I don't get it.
Why would I start a camp?
I have no idea.
I mean, the sight of little brats under the age of 25
in my present, I can't do that.
This is between you and Mike.
Don't drag me into this.
You brought me into this, pal.
No, it's in Mike's briefcase.
I only am repeating what I saw, okay?
Don't scare me like this.
Look, if you're going into business,
oh, oh, I get what you're doing.
You're trying to play a hard ball with Mike.
You don't want this thing going public yet.
You're probably trying to divvy up the pie, right?
No, I don't want anything to do with it.
Even if it's a doo-wop horror camp, if it involves children under the age of 25, I want no part of it
All right, are you and Mike are gonna have a lot of settling out to do mm-hmm is your he's got your name and likeness on the thing
Oh, I'm sure it does. He's got like one of those like wood like awning type things over the entry and it's like his head in your head
over it
Very scary thought. Well, it's a very scary camp
Would you be willing to at least go to this camp if there was a do-op extravaganza there?
No, you wouldn't be willing to swing by as long as there's children there. No
You wouldn't be willing to go there to turn a new generation of people on to do up
No
What if you heard that Robert Englund was going to be there leading a do-op weekend in full Freddy makeup?
As long as he hacks and slices and dies with those little brats, maybe.
All right, you hear that, Mike, maybe.
Mike said you're in on this deal and he said you're in for a penny, you're in for a pound.
You guys are on board.
Well, I mean, I have to suffer with a bunch of brats on knives.
Again, this is between you and Mike.
Don't drag me into it.
I don't know what kind of weird side deals you guys got going on. You have a good night young man
FM you you're on the air
Hey Tom, it's Mike D and Brooklyn
Mike D and Brooklyn from the BC boys
No, no, I might want to change that then
Uh, that's gonna be the latest Mike's ever called in right? Yeah, he's up past his bedtime
Yeah, that was actually kind of shocking. Yeah
Yeah.
You know, you got a very centaurian voice there, young man.
Well, well, thank you.
I think you called me Sam Elliott once.
Yes.
I like it.
Rugged.
Yeah.
Well, if you fit to my image, do you think I have a topic?
Yes.
Actually, I got sort of a macro one, too, but.
uh... but the first one i i was in this place uh... not too long ago called
uh... the energy kitchen it's like a
like a fast food
supposed to be sort of healthy
but it's like you know grab and go food
uh...
and uh...
there was like there's a bunch of celebrity photos on the wall
autograph
and one of them was this guy uh... i don't know if you're familiar with the
same sit rosenberg
that would be like
yeah he's a terrible he's like this uh... sports the uh... announcer guy
who uh...
keeps getting thrown off the air at w f a n for a variety of offenses
yeah any i think he's sort of flamed out and have to check the rehab or
something like that yeah yeah i think he's on the uh... like doing radio in
florida now
but uh... he had a picture on the wall
and on it it said uh...
it said uh... pump it up
here to live in healthy
he picked on
said rotenberg uh...
Uh, so yeah, you, you, you lie.
Yeah, that's a lie.
That's a lie, uh, that's been recorded and put on a wall.
Yes.
Oh, Mike D, what are we going to do with you?
Thanks for that call.
Thank you.
FM, you're on the air.
Yes.
A little, um, I would like to contribute to the topic, please.
Okay.
Um, I hate when people lie about how many lovers they've taken over the years.
What I think I know who this is.
Is this Mr. Gene Simmons?
Absolutely.
That's how you're doing tonight.
I'm doing okay.
Thanks for listening.
Absolutely.
Actually, I'm not really listening.
I just sort of turned in for a second in between saying, what, don't judge me, I judge
you.
Okay.
Well, don't judge me.
Okay.
Well, I hate when people lie about how many lovers they've taken.
That bothers you?
Absolutely.
Yes.
I never lie about how many I've taken.
And how, how, I, God help me, how many?
Oh, upwards to 4,731, but who's counting?
That's disgusting.
It's, no, it's not, it's love, it's loving.
It's not loving.
Absolutely it is.
Who are you to judge me?
I'm not.
Okay.
Okay.
Hey, I wanted to take this moment to, to make an announcement on your show.
Yeah.
I am taking my gold plated cod piece back to my mansion.
Um, basically, um, I'm dropping out of the New Bridge, May, Humanitorial, Race.
Really?
Yes.
And why is that?
Well, I've got so many other projects that demand my time right now, and I just, I just
don't have the time for it right now.
Really?
Yes, I've got, uh, Dr. Love, the musical.
What, Dr. Love, I'm assuming that's a Kiss musical?
Well, yeah, it, it, it's, it's Kiss Music, I've written some new music, also a song with
Bob Dylan.
the same the same one it's the same song yeah like waiting for the night to
fall or something like that you don't even know do you what is it called I
can't even remember you can't even remember waiting for the song I think
now that's the door it's way you know it with me you don't even know the name
of the song I've written so many songs you don't it's not even funny how many
give you a written with bob dylan one
try but you only wrote you he wrote chords on it
he did strum he didn't write lyrics on this thing absolutely not know he
barely wrote the court
you know he did actually tom what's that he showed up into the room
that day
he should have got the divide from that i wrote the song and he was soon he
was yeah
yeah yeah well that's that's a little unfair
absolutely not
i've also got the uh... the she's a european clothesline
well what is that she's a european at the song for my master
oh yeah i know the song
or you do all right
yeah she's so european she's one of a kind all of a mind
your song was called waiting for the morning absolutely yes yes
and added that a classic song yeah uh-huh
But the sheets of European clothesline?
Yeah.
Probably the world's first upscale clothesline.
Wait, what do you mean?
What do you mean what do I mean?
The world's first upscale clothesline?
Yes.
The clothesline that you hang your other clothes on to dry?
So that's what you're selling a clothesline?
Oh, yes.
Yes, why?
It's not a line of clothes.
Oh, no, it's a clothesline.
Well, that's insane.
Who cares?
How much does each Shiso European clothesline cost?
$492.
Why?
And just between you and me, how much does each one cost to manufacture?
$2 cents.
Why?
You're selling it for $492.
Yes.
Doesn't America great?
How many have you sold?
Well, hasn't actually gone on sale yet.
Do you have any pre-orders?
Oh, yes, pre-orders are great.
How many?
Six.
Okay, six.
And are they from people you know?
Yes.
Are they from members of...
Are you making the other two guys in Kiss by them?
Yes.
Like, what are they?
Well, I'm making Eric Singer by one,
one and i'm i'm i'm making uh...
brusculic by by several
so that might be that might account for all six sale it might but it might not
okay paul but one
but as far as anybody but he did
didn't know outside of it outside of the immediate kiss family right
no one has placed a pre-order for not yet no
okay but but what i developed my full attention to the issue for european
clothesline
and not this may you but it's a real
uh... it is it that those figures shall skyrocket
okay well we all look forward to seeing the she so european clothesline
absolutely no no you know what will be
there's no other reason why you might be dropping out of this race oh no i did
no why
nothing else no why do you ask
because tonight i've had
a couple other people dropout really
Horse dropped out a horse dropped out. Yeah, and um, Bryce dropped out. Oh, Bryce has gone too. Huh?
You have a good night, Mr. Simmons. You too. Yeah. Okay. Farewell. Bye.
If I'm you, you're on the air.
All right.
This is Norm from Monique.
We have something from the topic.
Let's hear it.
I'm lying about, well, let me start.
I tell everybody I'm in a rock band.
Uh-huh.
I'm kind of not in a rock band.
Who have you told that you're in a rock band?
All of my friends and relatives.
Here's what I do though. I have, you know, drums and a PA system set up in my basement.
And you know, when everyone comes over, I bring them over. I say, oh, this is where
we practice. I'm not in a band. We don't practice.
Yeah.
If I'm you, you're on the air.
Yeah, hi. I got something for the topic.
What's your name?
Michael.
Michael, where are you calling from?
i'm calling from long branch i'm actually from the couch breakers your video game
clan
the what
the couch breakers what is that again
it's your video game clan we're trying to get you an honorary member
that's the one that are you
refresh my memory on this you called up
i called up a while ago i had said that i was inspired by
their suggestion that we should call ourselves the couch breakers
because we were overweight
and would break a couch by sitting on them
yeah by playing video because you're trying to start a professional video game
league
well we're not we're not
we're not starting when we we we've we've done it
we're there and are you in competition at all
uh... we play some other clans
it's going pretty well i got frank for we hawking on my side
he's pretty good
but uh... you know we're trying to we're trying to climb it
trying to get up there now when these big tournaments come through
Are you going to try to enter those?
Oh, heck yeah.
Yeah.
And we're going to win them too.
What game is your game of choice?
We do COD4.
Call of duty 4.
Okay.
Only one you need.
The only game you need.
Totally.
And you guys are really good at it?
I'd like to think that Frank from We Talk is the best.
You kind of took me under his wing.
Taught me a few things.
But, you know, it's a upward struggle.
We're trying to do our best.
There are a lot of guys that are pretty good at it.
And so how can I help you with this?
Well, I just wanted to call in.
I heard the topic.
I thought I had something to share about your line.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hello.
I got no time for that stuff.
The guy, the one guy pretending that he's got a rock band,
he's got a little skitty road in his head,
that he's got some weird payoff
that he's gonna play to the cardboard cutouts
in his basement later tonight,
when the archive goes up,
if he's even got an internet signal down there.
Then you got this other guy with this video game thing,
belaboring a point that wasn't that interesting
when we talked about it three weeks ago.
Like I was supposed to revisit this like like it's like it's a remember when like it's I I love the whatever's
I don't know what the guys talking about
Fm you you're on the air. Hi. Hi. Who's this?
This is Daniel from Chicago. Don. Yeah from Chicago. How are you tonight? I'm doing good. How are you doing? All right?
That's good
anything I can do for you got something for the topic yes I do let's hear it so
I work in this garden and you know it's very customer driven so anybody that
comes in demanding something we pretty much have to give it to them you know
okay it's kind of annoying because sometimes you want to say no never you
go are you growing produce no it's just like it's flowers okay sure sure I've
I've only been working there for, like, a month and a half or something.
So this lady comes in and she says, I have this flower, you know, this hanging basket
and it died and I was watering it and it just died.
And I don't know why.
And I'm like, well, it's rewatering it at Elf.
I mean, it needs water.
And she's like, yeah, I was watering it, brings it in, and she's from her car and it's like
completely crusty.
If you grabbed it, it would just crumble.
So she watered it twice.
Who knows?
Probably like maybe once or twice, who knows, but so she obviously didn't water it.
And I'm telling her like, yeah, this is definitely, this definitely needed more water.
You have to water it every day when it's hot.
So we go, what's watering it every day?
And I'm like, I couldn't tell if she was lying and it was so frustrating.
She's telling me, yeah, I want a new one.
I just, you know, I think I should get a free new one because, I mean, I was, I was doing
everything right.
And I'm just thinking, I really don't want to give you a new one.
And so I'm like, well, let me ask my manager because it's not really my decision.
So I call her and I tell her, you know, this woman wants a new one.
Should I give it to her?
She's like, yeah, just give it to her.
I'm like, oh, no, like, let's not give it to her.
Yeah.
new one and she walked away happy I try to revive the thing but it was still kind
of a lie and so I wanted to bring it back but I think it ended up getting
thrown in this garbage. Oh it's too bad. So this liar got a free plant out of it.
Yeah yeah it's just not right. It isn't right. Drove you nuts right? Not to nuts I
I didn't worry about it for too long. It was kind of like most things. I was just
frustrated for like you know maybe ten minutes. Yes. Let it go. That's exactly
you let it go then you move on. Right exactly. Thanks Donia. Thank you. Have a
good night. You too. FMU you're on the air. Hi Tom. Hi who's this? Emma from
Toronto. Emma from Toronto. We're getting all the good callers. The good ladies
are coming out Bonnie Emma I was so happy that Bonnie called these dudes are a
snooze tonight I haven't really I only started listening around nine so how
are things going in Toronto things are on pretty okay how are things in New
Jersey going okay we're about even yes and then what well are you in high school
I can't remember I am yes you are and are you you're all done now I am I'm
completely finished is you excited I am excited I'm actually I'm spending a
good chunk of my summer in New York really yeah I leave in two days what
brings you to New York I'm doing I'm doing sort of another like a sort of
program at a university actually so you're smart no no not not incredibly but
But yeah, so I will be able to listen to people on the radio.
Yes, it's very exciting.
I can't wait.
I'm excited.
I have something for the topic.
Let's hear it.
I was sitting there, and I couldn't think of anything.
And all of a sudden, I just completely remembered this.
I'd forgotten it even had ever happened to me.
But I think maybe a year ago, I was taking the train somewhere.
I don't even really remember where.
And there was this guy sitting next to me.
And he kept kind of, you know, when you're just like,
when you're trying to do everything you can to not,
like, be associated with the person next to you?
Like, you have your iPod on, or you're reading a book,
or whatever, and you're just like, trying not to look at it.
You're clearly trying to say, I have my own physical space,
and you have your own physical space.
And let's both respect that.
Exactly, because I was kind of tired,
and I think I was feeling kind of cranky,
and I just wanted to talk to him.
And so he looked over, he had been looking over my shoulder
at whatever it was I was doing, like if I was reading.
And he looked over at my iPod.
And I don't even remember what I was listening to,
but he tapped me on the shoulder.
And I sort of turned to him, and I said, yes.
And he said, I think my friend was in that band one time.
Like about the band that I was listening to on my iPod, like that was the exact phrase
that he used.
I think my friend was in that band one time.
What band?
I think it was like broken social scene or something.
Well, I think it wasn't everybody in that band.
It's got a good number of people, but he was far too young to have, you know, like
a friend who was in broken social scene and he was kind of aware of it.
Well, that is, yeah, that, so this guy's just lying.
Was he trying to make weird conversation?
I don't even, I don't really know, I guess so.
I guess he was just bored or something.
How old was this guy?
He was like, maybe, maybe like he looked at a 20.
You know what, you're talking to a young lady,
leave her alone.
That's what I'd say.
You're free.
It was, it was really uncomfortable then too,
because like I had, you know, like what do you say to that?
I think I was just like, oh, really?
He was like, yeah, I'm pretty sure.
And then we just kind of sat there.
And then slowly the earbuds go back into the ears.
Exactly, the simple motion gesture of me.
Down to the magazine, to the book.
And that train ride was like four hours long.
I think that was maybe like hour one.
Yeah, brother.
Yeah.
Oh, what are we going to do, Emma?
I don't know.
Well, when you're down here, it's very exciting.
Fall live from New York.
I'm very, very, very excited and nervous
because I haven't started packing or anything.
It's time to get ready.
Probably yes.
I think that's maybe what I'll go do now.
All right.
OK.
Thank you, Tom.
Have a good night.
You too.
Bye.
Just got a thing sent to me from Kick the Bobo,
playing it from my laptop.
Oh, I will explore that later.
You did it again.
Kick the bubble.
Christopher, that's top notch.
We will load that.
I have two different computers.
Now one is not plugged into the board tonight.
So next week, hard hat radio starts.
You hear that? Get ready. Put on your hard hats.
Get your sandwich and your lunch pail.
Just got a thing from Paul F. Tompkins saying
stole a bit here. I never heard that bit the Brian Regan thing. Everybody says I'm a lawyer.
James Fry. What are my little pieces? What's that thing called? A million little pieces?
I'm not a thief. He just wrote on the thing he received. He just wrote he's going to report me
to the guild. What guild? To talk about the show dogs. I didn't steal it. Don't call
me a thief. Not a liar. I didn't steal it. I've had this written down in this book Show
dogs for a month now show dogs can't win tonight there's the biggest L in
that best show history stealing jokes bad caller after bad caller
The train wreck. It was like the love guru. It was like the love guru of radio. I almost
saw love guru on the weekend. I almost saw it. I was in the theater and thank goodness
I didn't see it.
Love guru.
Now everybody ripped it apart.
Did you see that New York Times review, Mike?
This guy for the New York Times reviews love guru. He goes after it so much
he's ripping into pieces.
he's murdering it
saying that will we ever laugh again
and you know at a point
look
of course this thing stinks
no great mystery
it seems like a mess a complete mess
but this guy from the new york times all of a sudden thinking he was the star of
the show
kind of look at me i'm funny
look as bad as i love guru thing is
At least Mike Myers had brought some joy into people's lives at different points.
Maybe not at this love group, maybe not this round.
But in past exchanges, he has definitely made people smile.
Myself amongst them.
So now, what joy has A.O. Scott ever brought into the world?
where somebody's got a or somebody's feeling uh...
uplifted
by his uh... movie review you know what
is what i say
thumbs down to love guru
second thumbs down right after that to uh... ao scott with his uh... wise and
heimer review
fm you you're on the air
critics are bitter people to begin with
i do too well what's your name young man
uh... i'm eric from bushwick
i don't know if i don't
i don't think the show is now
it could turn into a w
is a little straight up out there's there's no recovering
i've been accused of plagiarism
i've been accused of plagiarism
i've had every bad caller uh... come out of the woodwork tonight
now you have some good call it come out i think
who like the guy talking about his drum set in his basement
properly
i actually like uh... julie bincin many
i think she's cool issues great tonight
yeah she was but i get them for the topic
uh... let's hear it
uh... last night i was hanging out with uh... some neighbors and we want to
cross the street to the corner store
i was around eleven o'clock
though it's just me and and a friend
i was telling her about how i've never cheated in my life
and relationships we're talking about that sort
and some guy out of nowhere standing next to me
turns to her while I'm telling her
the story about this woman from Candid County
and I think you know about Candid County girl style
yeah this woman from Candid County who was like
FM you you're on the air
hi Tom who's this is Lori from Miami
I knew that co isn't going to last when I said do when I heard him say
i i think you know what
i'm actually busy right now
i don't know which way's up
uh...
sorry
i want to have said to get my present on facebook
yes thank you you sent me a uh... love guru uh... a little icon
i i i went to send
i i know it's really i don't feel bad that
i actually
paid
But that was free, but I actually paid money to send out these stupid little gifts to people.
What are those? That is the biggest, the biggest fraud going buying gifts for people on Facebook.
I know.
Where it's little pictures of gifts.
I can download the picture and send it to them.
I don't know why I did it.
Let's say it's a sad state of affairs.
you know why i i know why you did it
you know i did it because my money's a joke to you
i think that's why you did it
but it's just a number just a number
what's a credit card bill that we've got each
credit card bill comes in comes in at ten thousand dollars or a hundred
thousand dollars
there's a role numbers to you
uh... okay so we could send someone a gift
yes and i thought that
all of those love girl
they're gone
they sold out
i saw what i have this thing is collectible
he had
i i don't
you know who's sending that i mean aside from me
but needed as a joke
and you bought you but you didn't buy that i was free
but now you have to pay for them
all no that was free period because you know it's just an advertisement
basically i think they probably
Facebook to upload that gift or whatever. Please do me a favor. Don't buy any more
No, I won't I I pay like five dollars to get 10
gifts and I'm not gonna do it again because
That is truly the saddest thing I've ever done
Good
Draw on the line. I mean, yeah, I've never bought a wow
World of Warcraft thing on eBay that would be a little too sad. Do you play that game? No, I do not
I gotta I gotta figure something out. We're two hours into this thing, and it's a it's a complete mess
I'm sorry. No, it's not you. It's not you. I
I mean, he almost missed the, I hate to say it, but he almost missed the Goshen crank crew.
It's true.
Say the sad part is true.
This is a disaster tonight.
Okay, well, I'm stealing jokes.
Oh, no, you are.
I don't know what, Paul.
You know what?
Paul's talking is fine.
I, I saw, um, there will be blood.
Yeah.
I didn't see him in it. He wasn't it. Now you get crazy. He's in it. He's clearly in it. I know. Anyone with two working eyes can see. I did not see him. I'll be honest.
Let's get him on. Thanks Laurie. Bye.
WFM U. E. Starring. WXHD amount hope worldwide on the World Wide Web at WFMU.org.
This is a good call online one, Mike.
No, Mike just says no.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, Tom.
Hey, who's this?
This is Phillips in Salt Lake City.
How are things in Salt Lake City tonight, Phillip?
Very nice.
I'm just hanging out at a bookstore.
Yeah.
Green books drawn, you know?
Sure.
And I know that you're kind of coming down on yourself about the elf tonight
Yeah, where's the show goes you just started tuning in
Since Julie called starting to look like a W for us. Just because we haven't heard earlier. Good to creep
Yes, like me
boy
FM, you're on the air.
Tom?
Yes?
It's Paul F. Tomkins.
The star of there will be blood.
Co-star.
Fair enough.
Co-star.
I like to say special appearance by my name and the little rectangle.
With.
That's right.
With Paula.
With Paula of Tomkins and Paul Dano as the preacher.
What was your character's name and there will be blood?
His name is Prescott.
Okay.
See?
He got a name.
Yeah.
Send the credits.
Add a name.
Send the credits.
I'm not only any illusions that I had a bunch of soliloquies in that movie.
I know.
But I was not the easiest to spot, but plenty of people spotted me.
I spotted you the second.
The second I heard your voice.
Okay.
This is Paul's scene.
That's right.
You did.
Yes, the race between me loving cinema and me loving the entertainment of Paul of Tomkins
Do you feel that I delivered entertainment wines in that movie? Yes
You were begging him to stay
To not leave that meeting he wanted nothing with nothing from you guys though
You hemmed and hard and that's enough for him to move on
He was not going to take the least even if we give it to him as a gift. He said yes
I remember the other actors lines, that's how dedicated I am to my craft.
Did you mouth his words when he said him?
Yeah I did, that's why you didn't see my face when he was doing his line.
Because you do that movie with cue cards, right?
Yeah, yeah, I have cue cards and I have a little earbud in my ear.
A little teleprompter?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I got a lot of stuff going on.
So what do we have the pleasure of this phone call tonight, Paul of Tompkins?
Well, first of all, I did not mean to imply that you were a thief, and that you should
have your cabaret card revoked.
That's okay.
You're lumping me in that way, it's me in Mind of Mencia.
By the way, I recently saw a, I'm not trying to brag or anything, but you know I'm in
show business.
And I was on the lot where Mind of Mencia is taped, and I never knew this before.
But the name of the show, because I saw the sign out in front of the studio, the name of the show is
Mind of Mancia with Carlos Mancia.
In case anybody wasn't clear.
Well, yeah, I think I need to.
The only idea is that Mind of Mancia could go on even if Carlos retires.
Yeah, it's like a franchise.
Yeah, it's still his mind that somebody like Robert Kelly takes over or something.
He just lets other people, or maybe he'll just do little intros and outros
open his head
well come back to my mind
and now who's going to guide you through my mind tonight
probably go koi
who
uh...
and i don't really know who is but he's one of the things that i see in the
market of the last factory
uh... on front of that one it's not you know john love it's having a comedy
night or bob saggot yes
it'll be these guys that i i have never met and probably never will meet there
there will never be a situation where we will be in the same room
even though you're both professional comics in the same city
that's right
you may make a drink there
what do you happen
mister bob
sounds like it
couldn't wait
couldn't wait
thirsty
what's all i thought you were using weight
no said you couldn't wait
i thought i just couldn't wait on couldn't wait just got too thirsty
because he i'd like to relax because i like to relax with a cold drink while i
listen to your show okay i guess it's just muscle memory
so you're just yeah you kind of just found your hands
you look down and they were they were assembling a drink
oh it's like i lost time like all of a sudden well how did i have this drink
in my hand it's like uh who's that guy bud hopkins
missing time the aliens guy or is it bud hopkins or bud freedman
uh...
treatment
but the
aliens impaired division in uh... left eye that's why i had to start using a
monical
all
uh...
that was a great trademark you have to admit but treatments monical
and uh... why am i not remembering the monical because it was stupid
does he still do it
uh... yeah he does he does i have a few years ago
uh... he still like has it on him
monica
that's like the uh... that's like the apex of uh... arrogance
it's even higher up there than an ascot
a monica because an ascot at least you can say
least you can say with the ascot
i put this out for together and it's kind of weird
and it didn't come together
i was trying something that didn't work
it's like the monica you've made a choice where it's like this is going to
this is going to be a compliment to my outfit
is it's not necessary at all for me to
to go through my day
and you can't bear on it once people have seen it because
they will ask about it
you know you can't like walk into a gathering i've got part of something
with a monica
and then after the first five minutes
feel self-conscious and then stick it in your pocket
you've been able to see you
you have to commit to it
you've either
put that in your pocket in the car
you have to commit to it for the whole night yes you've got a ride that
monical
out
until the night ends
and maybe even bring it back one more time
or better if you can see some of the same people you you have to work again
so it's like
people you've established
no guy who needs it he means it
he either
he knows dedicated to it or he actually physically medically needs it yes like
a doctor has diagnosed him say that you're one i
you're twenty twenty in your left eye
but you're a right eye you're forty two hundred
if there's only some way we could do something about
that you've got this one i that is nearly blind
and your other eye it works perfectly with right with your glasses
but you'd mess the other eye up
the market i feel is very
inefficient as uh... as a tool for seeing because it depends so much on you
holding it in place with the muscles
of your eye
you know yes
so it's not just a half half glasses
you know where it where
you just you have the
you know that the like a pair of glasses but you just
You know, take out one eye. I don't know. I don't know how to describe the act of that, but you know what I'm saying, right?
Yes, you let it. Yeah
When you let the monocle drop
Yeah, there's hold it in place. Wouldn't you have a headache?
Start to hurt your brain after a while. It's just a constant effort of keeping that thing there. You're the squeezing of all your face muscles
Hold this thing in place
I'd rather just take my chances that I'm not missing anything with that eye.
Yeah, you just piece it together.
It's like, you can read, usually you've done enough-
I could close that eye if you need to see something.
If it's that bad.
But you've done enough reading that you can generally put two and two together the context of things.
Yeah, one would help.
Yeah, but you know, come on.
Come on, bud freedman
Come on, bud freedman and kernel clank
That's right kernel clank
Can't think of any other famous monocle wares church Hill
I don't think he had a money, but I'm sure he must of though. I don't know whether he wore it or not
You seem like a guy who should have a monocle
I
What about going on there? Oh, you know, it's just how the California is all like crash
Yeah, they go to the fire truck going up the street. I would imagine to fight a fire. Oh two trucks
so
trucks
And an ambulance. It's a real I think it's a four-alarm fire people can figure out what neighborhood you live in now
Oh, I don't like that at all.
No, no.
Soon you're gonna be on different firearms.
Exactly.
I'll be doing another tribute next week.
You know what the?
Oh, this is your tribute to Joe Trump.
Yes.
This is my tribute.
It's a tribute he would have wanted.
You want to know the thing with him is?
You know what?
What's that?
This guy.
There's no too soon with this guy.
with this guy you can say anything you want
and no one can say too soon
this is the most miserable crank on earth
you wish death on all of us
he wanted us all dead
now he's gone
i'm sure in that last moment you know he probably said
i wish i had more time
he probably said it
i wish i had more time
well because he was contracted to do thirteen more special for hb o
that is true what happens with those specials now
are they're going to take it out of the state
they're going to take it out of the state
it was a bit of the survival code to get nothing i'm going to bet that they
didn't cut those checks already
but i think they did i think they
i think that's why he did something they paid him up front
you do so you think he just kept doing them because he already had the money
yeah yeah they're holding them to it
thirty years ago they gave him
twenty six million dollars or what about thirty years ago they signed them to
a thing like a one million dollar deal
and he probably figured this thing would go hb i would go out of business
like
this will be out of business in a few years
let's take it
now
every three years you do a special
one
a million dollars
they probably went right up his nose
the million bucks
and then now he was locked into doing these specials to the end of time
hahahaha
that i did you see that you saw the love guru
i almost thought
you almost theater
i came so close to buying a ticket
will you you were in theater you're at the box office at the box office and it
was a matter of me and my uh... lady friend we're looking at the movies that
were playing was like
which film should we see love guru starts in twenty five minutes
and then we said
should we
and i was almost there's also a yes and then it was
and let's not do it
was the kung fu panda instead
uh... charming
you've been charmed when you said that i was charmed
that panda was charming
who are some of the local luminaries you have your jack black
jack black angelina jolly
in the chain i think with the machine played the villain in it
bad guy uh... dusted hoffman i know it's only me thank you
uh...
you know what
miss that
So he played the villain, and then you quickly live a bad guy. Oh, that's right
I'm saying it for the audience. You got a lot of people out there. I'm not the brightest audience
These people
I saw that four times
uh...
uh... uh... david cross had a voice in it
uh...
uh... uh... mister seth rogan had a voice in it
laughter
who should have been in there but should have been
who didn't have a voice in there but should have
an interesting question
jackie chan had a voice in it
well that's fun because he does martial arts in life
yes
i would have liked to have heard uh...
tom berseron
if you've got his voice is too distinctive you think that's what kept
them out of it
i don't know i think people should give them a chance with some of these
things in voice work
i would like uh... at a cool yay
would have been nice uh...
you can do a lot
yeah
he's good
maybe um...
may be uh...
based on a not bob saggot though
no no no too much more than those i think
he did enough voices in that uh... thing that's on cable that horrible uh...
penguin movie
you've posted a bank horse of the penguins yeah
i can say without laughing
that's how funny it is
and timely
Yeah.
It took ya.
And it ended, and it's great that it's aimed at, um, it's aimed at like, hey, there's a
parody of this thing that was aimed at six year olds, but it's filthy.
It's just for adults.
It's like, well, no, that, that just goes out.
No one sees that then.
The adults who saw the adults who were dragged to march of the penguins
Don't want to go see another penguin movie again. The kids are now seven
By the time that came out there, he died any desire to see that movie made fun of
Burned out, you know a week after anybody saw the original movie. Yeah
Yeah, the notion of putting a penguins like dirty stuff coming up penguin footage
I had stuck in their car like, oh, what is the hold up with somebody making a parody of
Martin of the penguins?
Well, that's the thing with this guy being mad at it, so mad at it.
These kids love this thing, watching these penguins run around.
It gets me furious, I'm going to sink it.
Let me add it.
Let me add it eventually, and let me add it three and a half years for now.
So he bought all this penguin footage, right?
Yeah.
He bought all this penguin footage and then figured he put together this thing and he
got all his buddies together.
You're like the dirty penguin talk.
Was it that the whole enterprise makes me feel tired when I think of how it must have
been done, where they had to watch hours and hours of footage and then come up with
what does that look like they would be saying to each other
you think they even did that
i think i like i i think they make someone do that
i think he got back to it like hey
do a scene with
do a scene with two penguins talking like one's buying drugs
you know like that was the talk they then and the kind of a couple of penguin
looks like a hooker
You do it with all my full house money
Some guy arguing about like like true for went soft and it's
sentimental
With this middle period up, you know like and then all of a sudden that guy's stuck in an editing bay
Watching 600 hours of penguin footage
uh... it was off now
i got mad at this kid who doesn't exist
jerk
and
uh...
uh...
opal
do you have anything to any shows coming up
uh... oh boy oh boy do i i was going to be in uh...
at the cobs comedy club in san francisco this thursday night
yeah yeah gigantic uh... place
that i have to fill
will notice about it
cobs
comedy co b b
poserias so people in san francisco can see you this thursday
mmm
june
twenty six twenty six
cobs comedy so so that people this weekend have a people on the east coast
mmm have to go see pat nazwalt there's a Friday Saturday Sunday yes they do
and people in san francisco so west coasters have good comedy coming their
way as do east coasters
the country is taken care of
on the border yes
exactly
the borders are protected by laughter
from ocean to ocean
yes there is enough comedy
yes exactly
and i'm going to go in a little sort of
uh... you spread over the rest of the the nation
what i like to call the flyover states
there's this mess of
it sounds a little arrogant
well i i don't see how
well i think i'm going
every
said
every state in the union that is not like it
or new york city
the flyover states is this message
yes that's what i'm saying
opal
well we can talk about that later mike is giving me the high sign
oh yeah okay mike is holding up a card it says enough pf t
uh...
uh...
uh... i would have said that mike is doing that so uh...
uh... i'll let you go
no no no i want you to stay
no i understand i do
i can't do it
okay mike
okay mike
mike
i'm coming over come on get away from the controls
you don't touch that we don't hang up on paul
well i think i can't wait to hear if you don't get me off the phone i can't
wait to hear what you have prepared for the rest of the show
and up on
well i don't like it yes that is mike
mike
all i can't believe well i think i corrected
and you
what might be stop saying that
i don't want you to get in a fight with mike it sounds upset
this thursday
san francisco california
cobs comedy
cobs comedy is that what's called cobs comedy club cobs comedy club
paul f thompkins
this thursday friday saturday sunday
carolines in new york city pat nazwalt
east coast west coast
covered
the middle of the country's in trouble
don't worry everything's going to be fine
everything's going to be fine everybody
all right thank you paul
time thank you all of the kids
two oh one two oh nine nine three six eight
fm you you're on the air
a that guy sure laughs a lot
yeah well what's going on with you
is that one of the comedian buddy the earth
good bye
yeah you're right he's no george carlin
you know he is no george carlin
you know why he wants to be here
fm you you're on the air
This is Harold, out in Green Point.
How are you doing tonight, Harold?
Good, good.
I want to know if you want to talk about Coney Island.
What about it?
The city wants to destroy Coney Island, basically.
I was just at a big, what they call, scope here, out in Lincoln High School in Ocean Parkway in Brooklyn.
What the city is going to do, it's going to take the amusement area, which is 61 acres, and shrink it down to 9 acres.
okay what are they going to do with the other uh... fifty two acres
well they're going to be building high-rise hotels
maul's uh... entertainment retail between surf avenue in the bowering
that's nice
uh... that's okay
uh... yeah i uh...
uh... you know we're all set about this because uh... the city had put out a
plan uh...
to restore control the island and uh... they would be it was a compromise plan
but everybody was pretty much happy with it
uh... except for the builders uh... for equities who brought up all the property
out here in konie island
and uh...
they didn't want to put up a movement they want to put up uh... hotels high
rise luxury condos so what are people what are people doing to stop this
well like tonight for example uh... there was a big meeting
uh... at the link in high school uh... and the city uh...
it's what they call scope hearing where uh... people can voice their
opinion and uh...
the major player there dick's icon who uh... the head of the uh... kony alan u
s a
you know that's what i told by the seashore that that's that's sure yes
yeah he was appointed by the mayor bloomberg as head of the
uh... with the c i d c which is the kony alan development corporation and
he resigned tonight
because he felt that the new plan
will just destroy kony island totally uh... so kony alan's is a so it does it
seem like it's over the die has already been cast
well but that that the problem with the mayor is that he gets what he wants and
and it's a shame because
these hotels and uh... uh... high-rises they can put them in other places in
kony island without destroying
the actual amusement area
the area that used to be that will
you know to be the former astral and for example which was sold last year
uh... to for equities uh... for equities brought up a whole bunch of
properties
in kony island
uh... over the past few years like that the major property holder and
they want to you know they're they're known as a company that goes around
and build uh... more
uh... and that sort of thing they are not really interested in putting
amusement in
and so so where uh...
so so
do you think that this just pans out that it that it's all doomed
well and i i think the only way
change uh... the these politicians uh... ideas is like you know big protest
and that sort of thing i think i really get their attention
uh... you know it comes down to my friend
another reason why new jersey beats new york
well you know i think you know um...
they had a they had a fellow there who's like he specializes in amusement you
come to our boardwalks we'll still be here for you
you come down
uh... you come down we got boardwalks we got funnel cake
you know what time we got a lot to learn from new jersey
new york does have a lot to say that height is gorgeous
new york does have a lot to get seaside heights you got point pleasant
you don't worry
they take your thing away with new jersey still got it for you
i i i hear that i was still here sure
but uh... you know it would be nice to preserve it would be nice it would be
nice but you know what
new york's full of bad guys
jersey's full of good guys we have our priority straight out here
you're right we don't tear down our boardwalk
Well, Asbury Park went under and now they're, you know, what do you want? It was a haunted house. Yeah, you know
The boardwalk was abandoned. Yeah, the places went down because they got run out by the other boardwalks
You mean the other amusement?
Parks along the Jersey show like like point pleasant like point pleasant
point pleasant dominant
Seaside Heights is eternal.
Seaside Heights is beautiful.
I was there last year.
It's gorgeous.
I wish Coney Island had been preserved like that.
Exactly.
And you guys had palisades amusement park back in the day.
I don't know if you remember that.
You've got a Seaside Heights.
You ride an original, uh, ride original, uh, little, uh,
merry-go-round.
Yeah.
Original.
You know, my family used to own the roller coaster
in Coney Island called the thunderbolt.
I went on the day of the merry-go-round out there in, uh,
Coney Island.
You don't happen?
What happened?
i was on it with my nephew
some guy uh... sitting on one of the horses trying to sell us crack
get out of here really
i kid you not
i couldn't have worked on a few bought some
well who bought some my nephew was the one selling it
all your nephew was the one selling the crack
well he was selling cocaine he was not actually mad at the guy selling crack
all the way
well that's the problem we have out here in kony island i guess but uh...
you know i just wanted to bring that to the attack and all seriousness
it's horrible they change these things
it's not good
now i like konie island
i mean i think your listeners can do is a right letter to mare bloomberg in
the city council just tell them that you know you try konie island
hail mary pass
might be over though might be a when the big money starts settling in
they do what they want
well here's what happened to my family on the big rollercoaster called the thunder
bulb may actually live underneath it
do you see any hall
okay now i'm not interested in this anymore
fm you you're on the air
palmit tor halberson
hello
tor halber some
halber some halber some
little mike father or halber okay
yeah
high-tor
that that that the best you can do
who do you think you are kicking my son out of that game on saturday
uh...
do you really want to talk about this on on the radio
i'll talk about it any place anywhere
alright well you know i heard that let me just get people up to speed
if anybody wants to know
i'm i'd do some uh... umpiring on weekends
for the little league in newbridge
and at a game
that i that i was upping we had a little bit of uh...
a little bit of an incident
between where uh... with tour
the only incident was that you completely blew that call
you know little mike was safe
everybody there thought
yeah you want to know what
yes technically
i was a technically everybody saw your kid was safe he was yeah
but you know what you know what why don't you tell everybody what your kid did
how he was safe
he
he split into home now he didn't slide it so yeah he split into home he did a
a leaping slide through the air with his cleats out and said he pecky
pleaded like he spiked the catcher right in his chest your point being what my
point being that that's horrible that's completely against the rules and that's
against a spirit he was competing he would know it was the spirit of
competition you creep I'm the wait that kid went to the hospital do you know
of that
no we didn't did it he did he's got a cracked ribbed he just needed to walk
that off
no that
he weaklings like that should not be competing
now that kid
that kid it was a seriously hurt by that now he just needed to walk that off
walk it what walk off a cracked rib oh it probably wasn't cracked that bad it
was all that bad what it was crack here you know you're lucky yeah yeah yeah
uh... your your kid mike didn't get taken to jail
that would never happen a little mike
ever little mike yeah
well that's it that's another
why you keep you keep calling him little mike
well what's your problem with that
i mean
how big is little mike
he sees uh...
well
what is it like four eight
yeah the kid
how much does he weigh like
uh... he's got to be north of two hundred
eight two hundred and six why
two hundred six yeah
was playing with children
you can't call mike fat
i didn't call it while you were applying that was not a no i'm applying
his big only i can call him fat
well that's horrible well me and time magazine
uh...
time magazine
time magazine call
little mike
well they didn't straight-out column that but have you seen the latest issue
uh... i have not well
basically
little mike on the cover is kind of shot from behind uh... and the headline is
america's uh... childhood obesity epidemic uh... what can we do to save our kids
well yeah that's
so so he he's in there something well they went a little heavy on the
history on the of the title right
what was it again the history on it
the hit the the history on it's the history on it is the history on it's
what that
that's the word you're you're trying to say
history on it's no one something is like made bigger than it should be okay
ever never mind
so was it america's childhood obesity epidemic is yeah
what can we do to save our kids uh-huh why
so that was so you're is a little mike is in that issue he's on the cover
yet i'm so mad at time magazine
because because they put him in it well like i said they took a picture from
behind you know and they did the same thing to that guy that barbershop
singer from new bridge a couple years ago
uh... not fair happy to that that
uh... you mean so it's one of those anonymous pictures exactly like you
you see him from like the shoulders down but yeah all of all of his little
friends know it's him
uh...
because he pulls you know he worked with two socks like really high
you know and and there's these chocolate stains on his shorts
and the other kids are saying that they're not chocolate stain oh god
okay kids can be so cruel i hate yeah kids can be cruel like flying through
the air
pleading another kid in the chest
with it with uh... you know it
at home plate are you going to tell me that jessie oh wouldn't have done the
same thing in the in the olympics
i i don't think jesse alan's played a baseball no but it's it's it's you know
that he wanted to like do that the hitler
that he wanted documented
so you're saying that that little kid the catcher was a hitler
basically yeah
okay what i don't know why not even i'm not even going to go there
but it can be so cruel you know you know they
spoken doctors
what do you mean what do you mean by doctors
being cruel all the doctors you know who were
looking a little mike you know they said that he keeps eating the way he does
he's going to need a pacemaker by the timing thirty
so sad
so your kids going to get a little mike
i keep calling him that hums
they say he's going to need a a pacemaker by the time he's
thirty years old a pacemaker
what is a paste maker
it goes in your heart
uh-huh i guess it's
i i i guess it like it shoots glue into your heart or something uh...
i guess that that's what was your heart down or something
but it's that you know what
you might want to go talk to the doctor about that more
he can maybe explain it to you
but you're getting the order
i don't like the way this conversation going hit in the least
i'm not giving you i'm not giving you orders well it sounds like it
now i'm just telling you know what
You don't give me orders.
Do you know what?
Well, a lot.
Yes.
I give you orders.
No, I just said you don't give me orders.
Now, I'm saying what you're saying.
So why don't you just say, you were trying to say,
you don't give me orders.
I give you orders.
No, I did say that.
I said, you don't give me orders.
And then I was going to say something.
And then you shot me down by saying I give you orders.
No, I give you orders.
but i'm saying that from your perspective
yours
i'm all confused it's like me the basically
it would be like me saying
i don't give you orders you give me orders
i don't know what they have called greater andrea
those mike
his name
mike wow
no relation to little mike though uh... hardly
little mike's a real man
uh... you know he actually wants to talk to you
who does
well mike
really a little bit
i don't know if i want to talk a little mike your honey
come here honey
all
little mike
uh...
how are you tonight
not so good you apologize to me
Apologize to you when you hurt my feelings. You stupid dumb ape. I heard your feelings
You sound like a little Zachary Brimstead. No, I don't like a little baby Zachary. No, that's just my chin roll
Okay
You want me to apologize? Yes. I can't I'm not gonna apologize to you because you have to and you have to get me
re-instated on the tin. I'm not gonna apologize to you. I need to play on that big game against
tunnel bridge next week. Oh god I can't take your voice in these. See I'm listening through
headphones. It's a general. The doctor said I need a paste maker. He's making my head vibrate.
What are you? You know what? Little Mike, you know what? There's no way I'm gonna reinstate you.
That kid had it coming to him. He was like Hitler.
He was not like Hitler.
I can't help it if I was in the zone.
You are not in the zone. You broke the rules. That was a cheap play.
Are you going to get me reinstated or not?
I'm not going to get you reinstated.
Reims. Now I'm talking like you.
Reims stated.
What? That's the word.
No, it's reinstated.
Well, you're going to pay.
Um, how?
You do know what my last name is, right?
Yeah, it's a Halversum, right?
Yup.
Wait, is that like Halversum like the chocolate company? Halversum Chocolates?
Yup.
Oh, boy.
Kind of changes things, doesn't it, huh?
Yeah, you know what? Actually, I didn't realize who I was speaking.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
sure didn't know i didn't know that you were
tor however so now what are you going to do
uh...
you know
i got all the way it can i think about it at least no
i think you know how things are going to go
you know you want to know things are
i gotta say since your family
kind of rolled into new bridge right
it things have been different
yeah for the better right things have changed it's great now
you know i i don't know if it
i don't know if i would say yes to that
sure it has it's all for the better right
you know things are great now in new bridge
what do you like about it
i guess that things are kind of
it's like since your family has come to town on
it's like you've you've kind of taken over
well
sometimes i have to happen
now it's like it like a like a
almost like a norwegian mafia
running things in town wait what did you think
um...
you know just i look at i don't know if that i didn't mean to offend you with
that
obviously you know right
uh...
uh... i'm just waiting to see how you're going to dig yourself out of this uh...
well i i just
If I can explain, it's like weird in town now.
What is?
More than anything.
Just things, you know, it's like a bad vibe in town.
You know, like prices are going up everywhere.
You know, people just seem to be kind of really tense
and like even, even Officer Harrops seems like he's scared.
Well, I'm not gonna lie, he should be scared.
was that uh...
we don't need to go any further than that
uh... it's like next thing i know you're going to accuse us of having the
election postponed till august
well you know that it's it's uh...
it's weird
you know
but i think that you know you you people
if there's a stuff in the air it's like like rumblings
that something is going on
there's nothing going on and it's not like it's our thought that the polling
stations got flooded
with chocolate
uh... you know how much of the only chocolate factory in the entire town
and then suddenly the polling places
get you know i get like a sixteen inch
uh... layer of of of chocolate dot so typical it's like all we always blame
the new family in town
was it's not that that's what it sounds like i was like
next thing i know you're going to be blaming the halberts and for all those
candidates dropping out of the race
well you know
well that
it's been a weird night here
with that
alphill
you know
so far three people
have uh... have called up
to drop out of the race
i'm really yeah
you know uh...
and then somebody just sent me an email saying that to me von Trimble
uh...
just find it here
okay
and c
yeah says to me on trimble
uh... ronald thomas clontal
and moral alan
have all
dropped out of the race really what what why what why it says that they all
wanted to spend more time with their families uh... that makes sense though
don't you think
um... i mean family comes first
yeah i i didn't know how it is for me
i don't know how much family moral alan has
i'm sure he's got some family
they think
i don't know i just i didn't
it's such a that's a look that politicians ultimate cop-out when they
quit things
because there's trouble i've never i've never thought of that i've never
that never really something at the end of my mind
you know what
i do want to take this moment to talk
my chocolate covered horn helmet into the ring
way you're you're announcing tonight that you're running for me oh yeah yeah
in a night where where six people have dropped out of the race is not a crazy
coincidence
yeah i guess it is a crazy coincidence yeah
this great country of america yeah yeah
this great city of new bridge yeah yeah and you want to lead it
i'm going to lead it okay yeah oh great yeah i'll bet you that i'm going to lead
it uh... what what is the what what is your party uh...
mister albert uh... i'm on the chocolate machine gun and switchblade party
why
and what what is what what is that party uh...
but what are they the
platforms of that part well i think our slogan basically said that all that
yeah
vote for albert
and live
well that's terrible no it's great now that's like a straight-out
uh... threat
who are you going to vote for
i have no idea wait what
that well it's my right to decide who i'm going to vote for when i want to
you know the elections postpone now
will see
will see about what
will work that's all i'm going to say we'll see
you and little mike uh... gonna make some decisions uh... yeah
yeah i have to say to you what
get ready to eat our chocolate
i would
all great
okay
weird night
weird night
fm you you're on the air
hey tom
hey who's this
day from oxford
power caller dave from not so how you do it
i'm doing our how are you power caller i'm doing great i'm i'm a little uh...
thrown off by all the political intrigue going on tonight yeah
trying to hang on
it's very it's it's it's it's very mysterious
it is it's very mysterious
i got a quick one for your topic sure let's hear it
um...
eight nights
tenth grade uh... big group kids all kind of ran around together
and a new kid appears
uh...
He's from Macon, Georgia, and he's got this hyperactive imagination, or so we think.
He claims that when he was 10, he hitchhiked from Macon to Athens to see a football game
when he was 10 years old.
He was personal friends with almond brothers, particularly Greg Almond, that from age 11
He watched Almond's cars and it was not uncommon for Almond to give him a 50 or a hundred dollar tip
Uh-huh for getting it particularly clean sure he told this elaborate story about
About Greg Almond paying an animal trainer to bring a lion to the property one day
And so, you know, we just always thought of this guy's out of control. Yeah
Well later on he marries another one of the girls in the group and we kind of you know separate
And they get to be about 30 35 and we hear that they are divorcing, you know, we've not really kept up with them super close and
My dad had a stroke about that time
so I was going back to Nashville every weekend and had an opportunity to visit with both of them and
When I went to see the wife she was going through old stuff, you know kind of trying to like metaphorically clear her life out
and she throws a picture of me
at me I'm sitting over at the coffee table she pitches a Polaroid over there
she says you ever seen this and I pick it up and look at it and it's this guy
obviously about 12 or 13 years old with Greg Alman's arm around him Wow so he
was not lying well I don't know you know I didn't see any pictures of me any
lions or anything but but yeah at least that part of it had a basis in truth
wow that's weird so you think that the kids a complete creep right well I liked
him anyway what do you think he's a liar yeah absolutely and then all of a
sudden <E.D.> and maybe you know who knows maybe he's not maybe he's on the
up and up about all of it well you may have really been in the military
intelligence see sometimes the liar is not the liar right absolutely well thing
The liar is the liar, but your perceptions could be twisted.
Maybe you're the liar.
Maybe I just made that whole thing up.
Maybe I'm not here.
It's not true.
I know you're there, and that story's true.
I'll get your references.
Wow.
It's blowing my mind.
Power caller, Dave from Knox.
Well, just so you know, Dave.
Yes, sir.
A power caller has all of the privileges of a super caller.
Oh well that's a wonderful thing. I commented to someone that I've assumed you probably
thought I had given up after that crushing blow. Oh no, I knew you had the fight in you.
And Andy, Andy wants to tell you about his trip to New York so he'll probably call him
the next week or two. We're here, I'm ready for our... Alright man, you have a great day.
He has afforded half of your privileges. Which half? We'll have to find out won't we?
All right, thanks Dave. All right. Thank you sir. FM you you're on the air. I don't how you doing?
I'm doing okay. Who's this? Andrew in Philadelphia
Andrew in Philadelphia, which Andrew?
not the one that
In just favor of the show just a different Andrew and Philadelphia not the one from Danielson
No, I'm just kidding. How are you doing Andrew? How you doing tonight doing all right?
Just real quick, I want to say big congratulations on the giant W last week. That was a great show.
Thank you.
And I had something really quick. Oh, I'm sorry.
Yeah, yeah, go ahead, Andrew.
Quick topic. When I was younger, my family used to vacation in Wildwood, New Jersey.
Mm-hmm.
And we were teenagers. We spent a lot of time on the boardwalk, and there was a homeless gentleman up there.
Yeah.
Always had some money.
Yeah.
I kind of seemed a little bit awful about him.
Uh-huh.
very uh... content
i don't know if that's the right word for it but um...
we've got a little mind uh... one day uh... my body sees him uh... leaving
after you know spending a day uh... on the boardwalk asking for change
and he walks down to the parking lot gets in his car and drives away
uh... the woman at the uh... teacher stories to buy all our rock t-shirts
that uh... said that he is uh... homeless by choice
i see that guy that guy's a liar
yeah i had a car
but first of all let's back up with how many rocky shirts were you buying
rock rock t-shirts like uh... rock t-shirts i think it was really rocky
shirts
now i never owned a rocky shirt now like a rocky shirts are in
picture him uh...
it's the new one it's adrian at the top of the stairs yelling you can't win
rocky four shirts are in
it goes i just want to let you know we got some new rocky shirts coming in
next week uh...
got some rocky five shirts coming in it's uh...
tommy gun uh... and rocky fighting it's a chain length fence
uh... the shirts are coming in
and then there's a shot of shirt coming in of uh...
polies robot
that might want to think that i would have a good by
Don't they realize the fantasy is what we're all, it's all about the reality, the reality
is not what it's about.
I guess it's rocky shirts.
That's so much more interesting than rock t-shirts.
201-209-9368
We feel it all lonely too
And when I hurt
It runs off my shoulders
How can I hurt when I'm holding you
2-0-1, 2-0-9-9-3-6-8 is the number here on The Best Show.
Let's get some calls for the fun.
I can't believe that.
That was weird.
Where'd that come from?
201-209-9368.
Where are we at tonight, Mike?
W-R-L?
L? Mike says an L. OK.
I'll remember that.
Mr. Negative out there.
You know what?
Next week, we get back to basics.
Hard hat.
I'm bringing a hard hat next week and a lunch pail with a sandwich and a thermos and I do
the show from a girder. 81 stories above Jersey City in the middle of the night. Not
supposed to be on the girder at from 8 to 11 p.m. 201, 209, 9368. Phones are dead. What
is it? What happened? Are we off the air? I think we're off the air. Does that mean
I can go off? Now if we're only on the internet, that means I can do some internet only language,
Right we Mike is saying I'm off the air. All right
Should I talk about talk about some dirty stuff? Oh, no the lines are lit. Okay
You know I want to talk about next week on
iTunes the celebrity playlist I would like to review some of those celebrity playlists
F.M.U. you're on the air. Hey, what's up? Not a whole lot. What's up with you?
Oh, I'm just doing a drive home and I've been listening to a show for, I guess,
less hour and I really can't get the concept of what this goes about. I mean,
you got me listening for an hour. I gotta tell you, I'm kind of lost. I'm lost too.
I don't know what this show is. We open the phones up and whoever calls calls.
I don't tell stories, I just take calls on whatever lands it lands.
Well, it's definitely interesting. I've never heard anything like it.
Oh, that's sweet of you to say. What are you coming home from?
Going from Hoboken to Digman's Ferry, Pennsylvania.
You live in Pennsylvania?
I moved there, yeah.
What took you to Pennsylvania?
I got sick of the yuppies.
You couldn't take them anymore, right?
Couldn't take them. Hoboken was driving in nuts. Hoboken was nicer when it was a slump
Yeah, and then they got popular and people moved in and condos are
Recorded a million dollars and I couldn't can't handle it. Couldn't handle the people anymore. What was your favorite thing about Hoboken?
The Benny to Dinos. I mean today's the work of Benny to Dinos delivery guy
You were a delivery guy?
I was a delivery guy for Benito Dinos.
Really?
Yes.
Good guys to work for?
Very good guys.
They're friends of mine.
They're friends of their family.
You go in there, you get a free slice?
I do, actually.
Still surprising, but I do.
It's worth it.
It's a good slice.
You want to know what?
More power to you.
You drive safe.
Okay.
Have a good night.
You have a great night.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey.
How you doing?
Oh, I'm doing all right.
This is Will from Green Point Brooklyn.
Will from Green Point Brooklyn, how are you doing tonight?
I'm doing pretty good, how are you doing?
I'm doing all right.
Yeah, right, huh.
I was just at Defaro's Pizza off Avenue J.
OK.
And it was pretty good.
Pretty good, huh?
I was calling to talk to you about it.
You ever been in Defaro's Pizza?
What did you have there?
You're off Avenue J, it's famous.
What did you have there?
I had a...
First of all, let's set the tone.
tone. Where did you sit? Where did you sit? Where did I sit? Well, there's not very much
sitting area in the car. Okay. All right. I had to wait an entire hour and I finally
got the pizza. And I got to say that it was either in my entire life. So it was worth
waiting an hour for? It was worth waiting an hour for, in my opinion. For one slice.
Yeah, for one slice. Wow. Yeah. I don't know what I'd say, but I'm looking at radio
for a lot of the pizza to a little dance airport you can Italy is in his girlfriend
looking for it.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
FMU you're on the air.
Hello.
Hello.
Hey.
Hey.
This is Ted from Melrose.
Ted from where?
Melrose, Massachusetts.
Melrose, Massachusetts.
Yeah.
You say Melrose is if everybody knows where that is.
North of Boston.
Okay.
When you think about the Celtics winning, Boston wins again.
Yeah.
Yeah, proud moments.
Wonder who'll be on the team.
Maybe you get Dwayne Wade on the team next year, right?
Keep winning.
Come out.
Yeah, well for that.
Two years from now, you get LeBron James.
Keep winning your false victories.
Whatever it takes, whatever it takes.
Whatever it takes.
I think Boston, we care about sports when the average town.
We're a little weird like that, I guess.
You're a lot weird.
That's the weirdest city in America.
Where did that New York?
Oh, yeah.
That city is so weird.
Boston's weird because they don't think they're weird. They think New Yorkers are weird.
I guess that's true.
That's a weird city you're in.
If that city is like Amway,
the idea of Boston is like a product.
Right?
Yeah.
You like it, huh?
What? You like it up there?
I love Boston. I like New York too, but Boston, it makes a little more sense to me.
Good for you. Actually, what makes more sense? What's the town you live in?
Melrose. Yeah, Melrose makes sense to you. You don't live in Boston. Get off my phone.
I try to ride the coattails of people living in Boston.
Is that it? Best show's done? Final call. FMU, you're on the air.
Hello?
Yeah, you're on the air.
Hey, let me talk to the dude.
You want to talk to the dude?
Talk to the dude.
Hold on one second.
Yeah, what's up?
Dude, it's a dude.
What's going on?
Not much, man.
What's up?
I just heard you guys talk about Boston.
I figured I'd give you guys a call.
Yeah.
Yeah, I was just up there like two weeks ago.
Yeah.
Yeah, it took a ride up.
Yeah.
Yeah, you guys sound pretty bored tonight. Yeah, yeah, you want to give away some tickets you bored? Yeah
What do you got?
Stay tuned ticket oasis midnight ticket oasis
Evan Funk Davies right Evan
Take that as a yes
He gives away tickets in one hour Evan Funk Davies is going to be in
Three hours for his program. He's got the most exciting show for you plan tonight. He's going to go deep
into the Rishan Roland Kirk archives. He's got a rare show from the village
underground from 1968. He's going to play, it's Rishan Roland Kirk doing a
circular breathing exercise for 85 minutes straight and he's going to be
kicking his show off with that. So anyone who's a fan of circular breathing and
and nose flutes. Stay tuned for Evan Funk Davies's Rishan Roland Kirk
tribute coming up for three hours here on WFM U East Orange. WXHD Man Hope
worldwide on the worldwide web at WFMU.org. Best show again is a win! W! No thanks to
you guys this one earned on the people on this side of the the glasses blood
sweat and tears people sitting in their houses did Zilch tonight to help this
show become a W like we were in the trenches on this one
Evan Funk Davey's coming up next