That's the radio show ever.
Hey, who's this?
Well, I am Buddy Swales, Governor of Alabama.
Hey, it's, uh, Gerald Perlmutter.
Tom Sharpling, Governor of Party.
Hey Tom, it's Purple Served.
Hey Tom, it's Mark Michaels.
This is Richard Clark from Chicago.
What's your name?
Baron.
Baron.
the two. Fire. Why? Maurice Kurtz? Horrifying. Hey Thomas Bruce. Jeremy! Who's this?
Genji Vitus. Genji Vitus. Yes, they have ringed below me at the wall I guess who'd would.
I hate you. It's Peter. Hey, it's Steinberg. Mm-hmm. You are creepy and I'm hanging
upon you. Boing. Roger W. My name is Ollie Fairnock. I'll say it. You'll hear it. You'll do it.
I'll get it. You'll learn it. I'll live with it and you'll die without it.
it's masher trash
they're composing people
good day
what's up Thomas?
it's Tristan
hey it's Michelle
yeah Tom
this is Jim Riffle
how you doing?
when i get to do the toilet talk now
the vaudeville of the new century
my name is Tom Riley
i'm calling from New Zealand
hey man it's Bryce
10 don't stand with that tip pole
it's a tent pole show
hey this is Tedlia
whaaaaaaaaaaat
this is P from the future
hi Tom it's DJ Terry T
hey Tommy how you doing?
hey it's Captain Jack
My name is Mike say Jack get off my phone. I don't care
Man, I'm going to go with your back now father. Hey, Tom. It's gourd. How are you?
I was in a band in the early 90s. My name is Jerry Page. Tom, my name is Jeffrey Ludell.
It's a fat diseased wilder rag and pig, isn't it? The disenfranchised have a home now. I'm the hero of the disenfranchised
I've been through the streets and you breathe
Can't stop, don't do this life
Can't stop, don't do this life
Show funky, showvesamen2
1-2
2-2
two
3-2
$0.10
$0.10
That's fine
Well, no, me and Geon came here and he always was
And we're in the holding part.
But look what's good I can do no wrong.
I just give on rolling and controlling them bones.
Finding that is through up to hand is that when you hot,
you hot, hot to hear.
When you hot to hot, when you hot to hot.
When you hot to hot, when you hot to hot.
When I hold on to hear a little roll again.
When you hot to hot, when you hot to hot.
Well, every time I rolled him, I saw Gwen, and I was just getting ready to roll him again.
When I heard something behind me, I turned around and there with a big old car.
He said, hello, boys.
And he gave us a grin and said, look like I'm going to have to haul y'all in and keep on all that money.
And then I said, well, son, when you hot, you hot.
When you hot, you hot.
When you hot, you hot.
You can just clean it all down and sit it hard.
When you're hot, you're hot.
When you're hot, John.
Well, when he took us in the court, I couldn't believe mine.
The judge was efficient, but it didn't I recognize it.
Hey, judge, old buddy, old pal.
I'll pay you that $100 of you if you get me out of this spot.
So he gave my friends a little fine to pay.
He turned around and greeted me and said,
And the danger when you're hot,
you're hot, nice and thanks a lot
when you're hot, you're hot
when you're hot, you're hot
You let my prayers go free and soul the book
And there's a will when you're hot
when you're hot, hot, you're hot
when I tell you one thing, you're not over there with now
and you wouldn't wear that flat roll
I take you out back in this courthouse
and I try a little bit of yo on your own
You understand that you healed it?
Who's gonna black my well-b Horizon?
People like Chantlet?
What do you mean, Pacifico?
Come on.
Come on.
When life's got you, go it now.
Life's tearing, life's going through.
Liking up and gathering.
All those cares.
All your snails.
Cause so many cares.
I'm the king of the sea
I'm the king of the sea
Many things
Maybe
She's burning
They'll have to take a cast on
Straight out the saddle
Take time to last on
And you can all tell them
That you're not there
I worry if you're on dread
But waking up the day
So live your life
Wake up and ride on
Ride on the downsides
Are you serious?
I'm cancerous
It's our enemy
It's our hands they feed
Cause what controls me
Is what's to leave
Me through the day
I'm meant to lay
What's up to say
These truly gods and dunes
And finds that cues of man
But don't throw these in the air
And let them be
Flyin' at the setting song
Or scream
Take every castle
Straight out the cell
Take down the classroom
Or nail them all over the pool
It's the greatest game
A place of every range remains of your new state
So look alive, wake up and ride on
Come on the downside, our young dreams
My cares breathe, our enemies
My hands make feet, cause what you don't see
Is what is killing me through the day
We got plans for the hey, what's the time to say?
So look at my heart, wake up and I know
That I'm the downside, how you're for me
The same cares for you
I don't even need this
I am saying the thing
That's what controls me
This world is curing
It's through the day
Of Wednesday
What's from the show?
But there's a phone in the sun, baby, how can you be so kind, we think it's me and a light and only one more time
I've been out in the slam before you count me down, I didn't mean to step out without you
And I'm sorry I went out in my soul, but you know it ain't easy to be at all
We'll be around to see the look on your face
I know that it might make you happy
I feel my body pull it home
No, it ain't easy being on the road
Baby, the road we think of you
The road we think of you
The road we think of you
I got to give my soul so right to go And it ain't easy being a pro
I got to give my soul so right to go And it ain't easy being a pro
I got to give my soul so right to go
Oh, don't walk and play down the road Please let me know, it's your way baby
Oh, don't walk and play down the road Please let me know, it's your way baby
And I'm sorry when you're out of my soul
But now it ain't easy for me and I'm more always a baby
Oh, are we a baby?
Oh, baby, if I'm not gonna live more, then I'll get myself
I've got to give myself a round day, and I do anything to get off of
I would never, never do anything too much to eat
Baby, baby, baby, I would never, never do anything to you
To make you lose
But yesterday I got this letter from the boy I love
Before I ever knew you, before I even knew you
And the train from Kansas City, coming to town
Train from hand to hand, nothing I can lose can't make you stand around
Baby, baby, don't worry for nothing in this world
To tell us apart, we'll never never call
So we ride here and I will hurry
I'll be back in the time you take to break a heart
I gotta break his heart
Get the train from Kansas City
Coming into town
Train from Kansas City
I never answered his letter I just couldn't tell him that way
No I never answered his letter Cause I didn't know what to say
Now I'm going down to the station
To meet every ten after two years
Showing the ring on my train drum
I don't know what else I can do
Pull the train drum down for city
Coming into town
The train won't get the same
Nothing I can do can make it turn around
Keep on the train
Keep on the train
F.M.U. you're on the air.
Are you still taking calls on superhero movie?
Yes, did you see it?
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, I kind of like all those movies.
You knew my favorite character was in it?
James.
James.
You got James.
You got James.
I changed James.
I like them apples.
Especially I don't, apples are not my favorite fruit.
but now they are you got James James you got James I just James James his
two pay must be spinning around on his head
Don't start off as good
You're looking slow but then great
You're waiting for the top show
There isn't any debate
Don't wait until this is the truth
The top show
Double your weapon
You
The top show
Double your weapon
You
The top show
Double your weapon
You
The top show
Don't be scared. Don't be scared, Tom. Don't be scared.
I'll be scared, you can do that.
What?
Oh!
Yes.
How are we sounding, Mike?
Sounds good.
Lively.
Good.
Everybody, this is the best show on WFMU here.
On this fantastic Tuesday evening, a fine night in Jersey City.
My name is Tom Sharpling, I'm the host of tonight's installment.
I will be with you for three hours of Mirth, Music and Mayhem.
The music portion of the show has just concluded which leaves Mirth and Mayhem in equal measure
for the next two hours and thirty-something minutes.
The phone number 201, 209, 9368.
You can call up and be a part of the show.
We just heard from the Shangri-Laz.
Train from Kansas City.
Good stuff.
As always.
From the Shangri-Laz.
Before that, Todd Rungren from his album Runt.
Not the album Runt.
The album Runt.
The Ballad of Todd Rungren.
There's a difference there. Don't make the mistake of getting runt when you want
runt the ballad of Todd Rungrin. We heard parole.
Danielson before that the Danielson machine is heating back up and getting
ready to attack America again from their hit album from 2006 cast it at the
setting sale the album ships on the secretly Canadian album and going out
at the top of the set a tribute to the late-great Jerry Reed when you're hot
you're hot. Jerry Reed passed away today.
Did you ever see Smokey in the Bandit Mike? Did you see it in the theater? Did
you love it. So you had a classmate who brought a cassette recorder into the movie, into the
theater so you would listen back, you would thrill to the audio from smoking the bandit.
So you would be, did he bring in one of those black recorders?
She, I'm sorry.
Admittedly, I'm not trying to be sexist here, but whenever you hear a tale of someone sneaking
a recorder into something and taping it, you can kind of assume that that's a guy because
Because only guys are generally that weird and desperate.
Girls usually have something else going on.
But you know what?
It's nice to know that there was a lady taper out there, a lady movie taper.
So you would gather around and listen to turn left daddy, turn right daddy, will be in
clear. I want a Diablo sandwich and a Dr. Pepper. It's no man. It's gone. He is no
longer with us when they delivered that warm corse beer to the people east of
the Rockies. Never have cut. It's like the worst, worst beer on earth. These two get
the Pat McCormick and Paul Williams. Big Enus and Little Enus, I think, were their names.
I think. They want this beer for this party. So they get the, they're delivering the beer
because you can't, at that point, you could not buy cores.
East of the Rockies. Is that what the rule was? East of the Mississippi?
So they deliver this course in a truck that was not a cool truck.
So they're here in time for the party.
This is the, this beer is warm.
We can enjoy it six hours from now.
Thumbs down, Smokey and the Bandit. Thumbs up, Jerry Reed.
Oh, is this call gonna be scary like just this straight up. Yeah
FM you you're on the air hello Tom, it's Julie from Cincinnati. How are you Julie super. How are you? I'm doing okay
Um, I was trying to beat spike you were trying to beat spike. Yeah, you mean to be the person to call in first
Yeah before spike yeah you did it yes you did it congratulations can I ask you
something I missed you last week though though I missed you really that's scary
who was that scary we're not friends we're not friends we well I'm a friend but
I think you like, um, want to kill me maybe?
Oh, you're going to put the violence on me somehow.
Well, it's probably a subconscious thing that's leaking through,
but I don't want to kill you.
I'm not violent. I'm not violent. I'm a gentleman.
I'm not a gentleman, but I'm the female equivalent.
I'm an adult. I don't fight.
I looked at my friends.
I haven't fought since I was a little girl and people picked on my little brother.
So you would defend your little brother's honor?
Yeah, he didn't appreciate it.
I'm sure he appreciated it, but he just didn't express it.
Oh no, he was ten months younger than me and I don't think, so basically we were the same age.
You know, but like I think he didn't appreciate having his sister fight his battles for him.
But that's understandable. I'm a grown-up now, so I get it
Can I ask you a question call yourself a call yourself an adult not a grown-up?
Growing up is what a kid calls themselves when they're pretending to be an adult. I am an adult though
I'm a woman yes, I'm a grown-up now makes it sound like yeah
It sounds like you wear pull-ups doesn't it makes it sound like when it's like when I get these calls here once in a while
Where it's some kids like
Hi, I'm uh, I'm a grown-up. I'm just calling. I want to ask a question
And they use our ground. It's a giveaway. It's a giveaway, but I do want to ask a question. Go ahead
Are you really through with Gump?
Yeah, I am yep. Heave-ho is the order of the day now. You're still gonna do that. I don't like the Gump's better
Well, I like the gums better. I don't have to tell you. It's playing things I like better, you know, I don't have to tell you.
Do you like chocolate? I do like chocolate. Dark chocolate or milk chocolate?
You know, I've grown to appreciate dark chocolate.
I'm allergic to milk, so I like dark chocolate a lot.
Big fan? Big fan, yes.
melt it make s'mores I would tell them I'm trying to quit smoking what do you
smoke smoking that you smoke s'mores no I don't but that reminded me of fires
which reminded me of smoke which reminded me of smoking well I can't help that I
gotta worry I gotta worry about the nine connections you're gonna make that
I was only three though.
Eef-ho!
Eef-ho!
I should get a splash sound effect as if they just got thrown off the boat.
What are we going to do?
Two and a half hours.
Two and a half hours.
Holy moly.
Isn't there a guy from St. Paul who usually calls Nate?
Is his name Nate?
The Republican convention is in St. Paul, yes.
Nate, if you're out there, why don't you call up and tell us what it's like to have
the Republican National Convention in your your city still not sure who I'm
gonna vote for I'm gonna settle it in the booth like I do every year usually
this is what I do I go in the booth with my notebook they make notes all year
long. How do I feel about this issue? How do I feel about that issue? Which candidate
is this has this stand on this issue? Conversely, which candidate has that stand on this issue?
I need to go back and forth, back and forth in the booth looking at the names.
Barack Obama. Is it John McCain or Jerry? It's Jerry McCain, right? John McCain. So
I go back and forth. Barack Obama, John McCain, Barack Obama. Hmm, how does each one feel
about each issue. And then I make notes. I draw like a list of pros and cons for each
guy. And I'm in there. I really, I, you know, I settle it in the booth. I don't know how
people can make their mind up about these candidates in advance. That just makes no
sense to me. I need time.
Speaking of voting, the new bridge election is in full effect. People should vote. The
debate was two weeks ago. Last week I was not here. Dave Mandel bravely filled in. Thank
you Dave for for doing that it is very much appreciated appreciated but the
week prior we did the new bridge debates where where all the candidates came out
and then and and made their made their points why they should be mayor of
Newbridge for the Mayoubin tutorial election go over to friends of tom.com
go to the forum, the message board, and you can vote there in the show discussion thread.
So what you do is you register for the board if you're not registered already.
You register and then you can vote. You can vote once a day. It gets reset every night.
So be sure to vote. You can vote for as many candidates as you want on that vote.
Any particular vote? You vote for nine candidates if you want.
But only once a day.
So vote frequently.
As much as you want. Keep a vote.
The results will be announced in late September.
I'm still waiting for this election for the moment, for the cool moment, which one of these guys is going to step forward and just do something cool.
like when Bill Clinton played the saxophone on Arsenio that still is one of
the coolest things I've ever seen what song was he playing again man I can't
remember what song that was
what was it it was somebody on the thing is saying he was playing something off
the third velvet underground album that they're not sure what song was saying
was murder mystery off the off the third velvet underground album I don't know
about that I don't think that had a sax part in it but when he had those
shades on and that jacket he was like
I'm waiting for that moment this year. I wonder what I wonder what it'll be maybe like
Cuz like there were cool moments during the
During the primaries when like Mike Huckabee would play bass all the time like that was cool
Well, what song was he playing our bass like like wipe out
like I'm waiting for that moment like maybe like maybe like John McCain will get
like a ceremony or something like that'd be cool if he's up there like whoa if he
does like goodbye good vibrations on it like he makes like this whatever if I
I was running John McCain's campaign.
I would have him get the sermon, go crazy on it,
like just make it seem like he can't control it.
Then all of a sudden, he just like slowly manipulates it.
He's doing good vibrations.
And he goes, I can control this sermon.
I can control America.
He'd get my vote then.
That would be a cool moment, him up there with a theremin.
And what I don't know if Barack Obama could do that would be cool.
Maybe you know what would be cool if he did he if he got the piano keys from big like the oversized piano keys.
And then he got Robert Loja to get up there on stage with him and like Ela Robert Loja is like 98 years old now
That would be fantastic
This is what they do get Robert Loja
Shoot him up with some
Get him some
Yeah, you know some muscle relaxant get nice and loose
little
Get the swelling in the joints down
That would be a cool moment
Although maybe it would even be cool if John McCain did that with Robert Loja
And they did it until one of them dropped
Like a like a full like an oversized piano key battle
Hey, why aren't the phones ringing?
You mean this isn't stimulating phone calls?
This topic?
This topic.
People also should check out friends of tom.com to see all the fun stuff we got going on there
we're kind of ramping up on a few different uh... projects
fm you you're on the air
uh... yeah
it's uh... adam from ohio
adam from ohio what part of ohio
uh...
from a thins ohio
how are things in a thins ohio tonight oh they're wonderful
they are
not particularly
though right
now there's good as things can be in Athens ohio
right
so well what can i do for you tonight uh... a young man
well i i was thinking uh... i was thinking about maybe a a musical moment
that would
you know you could have politically
here within like today's time for you talk about you know the various
musical moments that have happened
uh... thinking uh... perhaps john mccain
and uh... fair palin could do like
the team from endless love
you mean and like
just do a full-on duet
yeah yeah
wicker at the at the end of the
the convention just have a full straight-up duet confetti balloon the
whole nine yards
to hearts
to hearts that be
as one
i don't want to see that
i don't want to see that
you know what you want to see though
i want to see john mccain get lowered into a uh...
a a vat filled with jello
and like having like
fight his way out of it
like not not that there's glass panels around the jello but like a block
talking about
not a not a uh... a four by four block of jello
i'm talking about
they get a thirty foot by thirty foot
by ten feet high block of jello
right let me just drop them dead center in that thing
and then he's got a lake get out of it
probably do that while we set that up with both of them can we have uh...
brocco bomb and john mccain get dropped into a well that would be fair i would
i would i think brocco bomb it just but
could work his way out of the jello
faster than than uh...
then john mccain i just want to see john mccain struggle to make it like
and i have to be that green like that lime green jello
all of the work really weird looking like he comes out of it like
well
you look like uh... you can like pop out of it looking all fly me like you've
just been born or something exactly
he would like benjamin button
and then he just goes
benjamin button
coming this december
thanks for the call
fm you you're on the air
they don't know you know that shows cooking
i'm doing all right how are you doing that
i'm pretty good to whom do i have the pleasure of speaking on this fine
september eve evening
this is jerry and bolder
jerry and bolder
uh... i just wanted to uh...
two things i wanted to uh...
congratulate you on your juice this past week that was awesome to do well what
are you talking about
you have to do this past week uh... i was i was
looking at the onion and it was very cool
that's where the union wrote a very nice thing in new york
new york uh... magazines
uh... vulture blog wrote a thing
is not cool
but i i was thinking about
smoking the bandit and i just cut a quick question i've seen the thing about
ten times right yet
but i can never remember
today or even show them loading the beer on or anything i don't remember
it took me like five times of watching it even remember there was a bet
yeah i think i think they barely pay attention to it i think they just show
them
no they showed up at the thing when it was closed or something didn't they know
like
how about the lock remember that
yeah okay
that's all i wanted to know because i couldn't remember if i'd i have no
recollection of them actually
loading beer under their truck
so anyway
aye also mistery redo great actor great guitarist good guy hot stuff remember
that movie hot stuff
jerry ree dom deloise susan plus yet
they ran a uh... a pawn shop
as undercover cops i think that i remember that well what it they were trying to
lure
criminals that to sell their their stolen goods to fence their stolen goods at
this pawn shop
and then they were filming them as they sold their stuff
right is that what it was then they'd like a big party at the end of something
had them all in the one location
did he did he did not win an Oscar for that did he
uh...
i think he was nominated but i don't think he won
and the winner is i think deloise won one that year
that's supporting actor
he won for fat so
he did not now you're lying
he vote
FMU you're on the air
hello Tom
hello Spike how are you tonight
I'm fine
Did you go on your vacation to Boston?
and now unfortunately
um plans have had to change
oh somebody found out eh
oh no I had a doctor's appointment plus um
there was some family issue
oh I'm sorry I hope all your family stuff is sorted out
well not my family their family
the family that you were going to stay with. Yeah. Now you didn't go all the way up there
to find out that something was wrong. No, no, I can't put my plan stays about. Now again,
this family was aware that you were coming. Yes. Okay. Like you weren't just going to
be climbing out of the fire escape. No. Okay. Good. Good. So, so how are you doing tonight?
I'm fine. I'm just a little confused about something.
What's that? John McCain, McBane, McMuffin, or whatever his name is.
It's John McCain. Spike, I thought you'd be a little more up on the issues.
It is John though, right? It's not Jerry.
Yes, now it's John. Okay.
But is his nickname Jerry? I know I've heard Jerry McCain.
Not for me.
Okay. Is it Jake?
jake mccain
is that like it is it like john jake mccain
like a jake home jake now i think that it's john mccain okay all right
okay
that's why i think now okay
all right so what you're confused about john mccain
yet in this little housewife that he picked
his uh... his uh... is running mate
yes the uh... the uh...
the housewife
you don't like women do you
you hate any woman in power i think this woman is an abomination
and should be uh...
run-off
i can't believe anybody's talk about like
who she's so hot
oh my god i can't believe how hot she is
she's hot
i think i don't find nothing attractive about her why it
but she's not unattractive
not hot
oh my god look how hot she is
i'm not talking about a typical look from talking about her
moral search i feel like there are okay so you you
so right off the bat she's got she's at strike two
because she's a woman
who was in the position of power regardless of what party she represents
true or false
that's not that she's a woman
name one woman in power that you are a fan of
okay
well wasn't power but she's no longer in the senate
shoulder
patch rather i'd like
yeah that was uh...
twenty million years ago but you know still
yeah who else you like bell absolge
i don't know i couldn't stand her i i met her once uh... couldn't take her
why was it you know thirty one of the child
So so you so you like patch rotor is the other that's it. Can you name one other woman in power that you are a fan of oh?
Let's say
There's so many
That's it. I mean one
Trying to think of one you can't
Did you see Hillary's Hillary speech at the Democratic National Convention I didn't watch that
any of it
i'm not into those
convention
you should have heard what she said about men at it i was
i was shocked
i was like you know what spikes right at it she said
it's too bad i'm i was not the nominee nominee for the party because if i won
men
we're going to be second-class citizens
and women would finally rule america
i'm sure that's what she probably said i don't know if i didn't watch
i didn't watch obama speeches
you know i heard about it but
i don't watch conventions
and that might then
fair enough
and that might then what is your housewife
so you don't like this woman
i just don't like a lot of the public in period
but this woman you know she had a teenage daughter who got herself
knocked up
uh... she has a retard a mentally challenged daughter that she should be
taking care of
and her husband
is unemployed
from what i've heard
when this woman preaching at all women should stay home and
take care of their kids but yet she doesn't even do that
she doesn't believe in sex ed
you know
so what i'm getting from reading between the lines here
you're trying to
you're trying to persuade me toward one of the two candidates
i think it would be best to vote the american white
then which candidate is that
the democrats
but it sounds like you don't like this woman
i don't like republicans
and she's a republican
this woman yeah this uh...
patty palin or whatever her name is
hillary clint and that's rottum right
i don't know i'm not talking about hillary i'm talking about this one
with uh... john mcmuffin here
Now I'm confused because Barack Obama is running with who Joe Biden which is now who I don't
know anything about her I just know she's a little housewife from Alaska Joe Biden is
okay yeah that's what you said you said Joe Biden right so it's Barack Obama is running
with a woman named Joe Biden, who's not from Alaska, okay. So it's but it's like J. J.
Oh, Joe Biden. No, J. Oh, is okay. Like Joe from Facts of Life. No. Okay. I'm really
confused now. Barack Obama is a man, right? Oh, it should help out. Yes. He's a male.
Joe Biden is a woman, not from Alaska though, from Delaware.
He's from Delaware.
John McCain is a man.
That's debatable.
Who's running with a woman, the, uh, Hillary Rodman.
No, no, McCain, my finger, whatever his name is.
And it's, is that Dennis Rodman's sister?
No.
hillary rodman
now i think it's a very hard and
i would be a j a m okay rod ham
so hillary rod ham
is where is it
running she's i didn't even know she was from alaska i thought she was like
from
the south or something
there
this patcy kalen check it from a lot to go
patcy kalen
the kalen whatever whatever
The country singer. I thought she died in the plane crash.
No, that's Patsy Klein.
Okay. Look, I'm just going to settle it in the booth, like I said before.
Well, make sure you do it the right way.
I do. I bring my notebook in and my flashcards.
No, no. I mean, you vault Democrat.
Well, I'll see how it works out. Last time, I forgot my pen. It was really embarrassing.
I got in the booth and I go to start making my notes.
So, first of all, they wouldn't let me bring a stool in there, which I didn't appreciate.
Because I need to spread out.
And they closed that awful curtain on me.
So it was like being trapped in an elevator.
I started to get the panics.
I started just pressing buttons on the thing.
I don't know.
I might have voted for Mickey Mouse.
I think he should have been running.
I've actually voted.
i actually do like voting for like joke people ultimately though
uh-huh a lot of times like i write in like
micky mouse
yet you know i mean like people like that
you know
friend of the goof goof candidates
cuz then because then when they look at the things are like oh my god
what idiot in new jersey voted for micky mouse
like
thank you spike
FMU, you're on the air. Hi, Tom. Hi, who's this? This is Lori from Miami. How are you tonight?
I'm all right you doing all right. Did you make it through Hurricane Gustav?
We didn't really feel much of that fortunately. Let's hope
Hannah doesn't mess with us or anyone else. Yes, let's hope that all the people
Everywhere are okay, and they're not attacked by hurricanes. Yeah, or or anything else
Yes, or anything else
Yeah, that sounds like a good plan
So I was wondering if we could talk about the other election the other election which one is the one taking place in Newbridge
Yes, please. Okay, so I guess I could say I've been campaigning pretty hardcore
core for hammerhead hammerhead he won a lot of people out
a lot of people came into that uh...
uh... into the debate and not knowing much about hammerhead
yeah well uh... i i think he uh... prevents
uh... represent some very important issues
use of such as
uh...
keeping it posy
i don't know actually i don't know what his stance is on posy core
I should have called in and asked that question. Mm-hmm. I regret not doing that, but I'm just going to assume that he's okay with posse 4.
Yeah. Mm-hmm. Well, we'll see. We'll see. He's winning the votes are coming in hot and heavy. Mike is making a real run at it.
Well, I I I read a slogan a campaign slogan for hammerhead. Yes. Well, was it?
Because new bridge needs a nudge in the right direction.
Because new bridge needs a nudge in the right direction. I like that.
I thought it was really good. I think it would look really nice on a lawn sign.
Yes, I'm going to say, look, I've voted, my candidate is, I'm not going to say who I've
been voting for.
You don't have, that's your own business.
Yeah, I have not endorsed anyone.
So, you're impartial.
Yes, I'm trying to remain impartial.
No bias.
No bias.
I am a member of the media.
Does Mike pressure you?
No.
Mike is a class act.
He hasn't bribed you.
You know Mike did though?
What?
And he asked me not to talk about this on the air.
I'm going to go ahead.
Okay.
He, um, two weeks ago.
Uh-huh.
And I'm not going to, he tried to steal my car.
I'm not kidding.
You're awful.
I go to leave.
leave the thing. I can't I can't find my keys he's got a problem. He's out there
he's got a giant like a like a super big gulp I don't think it's just all
soda in that thing. I think it's some soda but he kind of he kind of you know
Oh, he definitely spiked in the punch.
Well, you know what I mean?
The election, it's getting to him.
I think the pressure is.
I think he's ready for some sort of campaign gap.
Like, you'll see Mike driving in a tank like Dukakis.
No.
I think he could manage to make that look cool, though.
You think Mike would look cool with his head sticking out
of a tank wearing like a henna with that helmet?
when you put it that way
yeah i'm not sure if you might go be win-surfing
and i don't carry one win-surfing
maybe i'll go wakeboarding
wakeboarding
okay well i wish i wish mike
and his family the best
oh
i love it
what do you say anything to say about that mike
mike appreciates it he says vote for him
uh...
thanks a lot of it by
fm you you're on the air
i'm doing all right who's this
this is uh... trembling eagle
trembling eagle
from the pacific north yes
the key the the king of hip-hop
it
well if it's hip-hop
and it's stinks
tras a trembling eagle likes it
uh... you know i i've kind of even moved on
I'm not even that committed to hip-hop anymore.
There you go.
What are you listening to these days?
It stinks once, well, I listen to all these, my all these.
Like, what are your kind of all these?
Green day, slipknot, you know, stuff from 96.
I'm trying to get more in a rock, actually.
Like, what's, what is the last record you listen to?
The last record that I listened to.
well i i just will check it out the uh...
uh... full-box album actually
but it's kind of a wrap in
well what's an oldie that you were listening to
uh...
probably uh... uh...
not as first
uh... released
all that kind of like nineties
new york stuff
well what okay with the name a a a non hip hop thing then
You mean from rock um
Boy
And I can't think of some uh probably some reggae stuff, you know Bob Marley
So what can I do for you tonight trembling Eagle? Yeah, um
You're a sports guy right like you're in a sport. I am I am in the sports
I'm a big MMA fan and I'm wondering, they call me Tom Sports.
I'm a big MMA fan and I was wondering why all the like, hopefully though, seriously with this MMA thing,
I know they raised a lot of money yesterday and I'm hoping MMA will be a thing of the past.
Jerry Lewis is working very hard to defeat MMA.
That's part of it.
all the class
you know all those guys into the old
type you know
the ball for
won't give and then they do you want to call it by the right name they always
say ultimate fighting
it's fighting or whatever yeah
so you like all you like and mixed martial arts
yeah
uh-huh and what what appeals to it about you the blood on people's faces
it seems to me it's like the most
uh... complete sport really
you know
broken balance on that again from other
yeah
i gouging
uh... come on
faces getting smashed into the mat
guys getting kicked in the throat
what what element is your favorite
it's uh...
the combat it's true comment it's uh...
the most realistic combat for it
you know what it's not realistic because there's a ref there
so right there it's not the purest form of combat
the purest form of combat is actual combat
your form of combat
is for me and you don't have
boxing where you have all these rules that
yet actually by the way more dangerous boxing with all those crazy rules
yet but those rules make it way more dangerous for the guy
there's never been a serious injury or death in MMA there's never been a
serious injury no never ever well oh well there was oh there was one and what
happened well let's see this was a special second guy died oh guy died well
but it was a very unique I would hope it would be unique what do you think it
it is not under dome
where it's just assumed one of them's gonna die
i would hope that would be uh... there would be uh... unique circumstances
surrounding the some guy dying
yet the guy had a pre-existing medical condition he didn't die in the rain and
uh...
it was the athletic board fault and it was
not a major show and all that this what i'm going to do right now trembling
eagle
yet i'm looking at the internet
i'm going to a site called google a
is a googler googler
i'm going to type in m m a
death
i'm still using that
i'm typing in
here you go mix martial arts has its first death
with you stonie
yeah in twenty years one how many people die from boxing
there's like a leaf to death in boxing a year
how many how many mixed martial arts
fight it fights are going on
a lot more now. You want to know what? I don't know. Why am I defending boxing? I hate boxing.
Boxing is horrible. Well, you know, I like boxing. Oh, it's horrible. You're confused.
You hate it, but you like it. Look, I hate boxing and I hate mixed martial arts.
Would you watch that show Tap Out? See, that kind of gives us a bad image.
you the mixed martial member of the mixed martial arts community yeah well you know
fans and things this is what I picture goes on in a mixed martial arts event
please correct me if I'm wrong it's held in some sort of it's held on some sort
in some sort of boat off the coast of the United States out in international
waters so we're false I probably there is some shows that I mean most shows there
like an arena there okay
i also picture
most of the people in the audience
or guilty of
of a crime true or false
it's taken a while to develop a really knowledgeable audience
uh...
see you're trying to make this thing
you what's your favorite part of it when the blood pours out of some guys
head no no really it's
do you like a dance around around your uh... house
when some guy when some guy uh...
gets a uh... uh... kung fu chop to the throat
and is gasping for air
you can attack to the throat
it's not like that it's the competition it's civilized
look
i don't like you i like boxing or this thing
mixed martial arts
you don't like any combat work
No, I don't. What am I? An animal? I don't. I'm civilized. I said it before. I'm a gentleman.
So you rather it be more your violence be more regimented, more like it's such as what?
Well, like football. I'm not the world's biggest football fan by any stretch either.
Yeah, like basketball. It's my favorite sport by a mile. Yeah. It's beautiful. Basketball is
beautiful
it seems a little hypocritical in the i don't know what you want to call it
the sport hierarchy the writers and things
i don't care about any of that stuff i care about what i like to watch
well it's supposed to worry about what the moshnick has to say about something
i could care less about what anybody
when i put i put on the television i like to watch basketball
it's my favorite sport you like this you like this uh... thunder dome thing
Yeah, I just, you know, everybody likes what they like, but I guess I just think it's a little unfair that, you know, we promote all these other violence towards, you know, football or boxing and things where people die more on a regular basis.
And so it's just a matter of how many people die, like, not just the consistent, the consistently high violence level of mixed martial arts.
I can't talk to you about this anymore. Heave ho!
If I'm you, you're on the air.
Hi Tom, this is Curtis in Austin.
Curtis in Austin. How are you tonight?
I'm doing wonderfully well. How are you?
I'm doing okay.
That was a mighty fine job last week,
moderating at a madhouse.
I know the crowd gave you a bit of guff, but...
They were not into me.
It was shocking. The bad response I got from the crowd.
well i i suppose
consistency with with which everyone at that town uh... threatens your life
uh... is sort of reflected in the at the general population
i think so yes
what can i do for you tonight kurtis
well i was calling about uh... the the presidential uh... coolness thing uh...
don't you think that maybe uh... john mccain's uh... barber and bomb around
mashup was uh... perhaps his uh... his
that that
yeah i guess i might have been when he get when he was it
like maybe so one advisor showed him a like a jimmy fallin tape
from uh... saturday night live and
he was like okay it changed lyrics to things that's what uh... that's what
people are into
yeah like weird al yankovic
who uh... who i had a had a burst of relevance uh... at about the time that
He did the bomb Iran thing, so
Mm-hmm now can you answer one question? Why are we why if America is such a?
Country of law and order. Why are we supporting this guy who did all this jail time John McCain?
This guy from what I heard he was like in jail. It's a good point. I thought you couldn't even vote if you did that
Yeah, now supposed to vote for this guy for president
Was he in jail for? I
I don't know trespassing. I think something like that. Yeah. Yeah, something like that
I was never fully clear. I'm gonna search it right now on Google McCain
jail
Although when you talked about
So it's full name is John Rick McCain. It came up as zero
They have no there's no hits on this
I might have had a wipe. I might have
Gary you know if his name was John Jake McCain though I think I would have to
vote for him because J.J. McCain is a president that I would like to have yes
I would change my name to Buick McCain and then you could have that T. Rex
song as his theme just picture him coming out like at the Republican
a national convention be like
i gotta say
you
you know it goes
you know it goes against that and then every principle i hold they would
probably
make me vote for him just because it would be about uh...
twenty seven thousand times better than that uh...
brookson don song that uh...
that obama had after speech
yeah that was that i he
he gave it like it was like the most riveting speech ever seen and then all
a sudden
i vaguely didn't want to vote for him
yeah forty seconds later i'm like really
this is a first
this is a first judgment that this guy showing
a big and rich song
uh... uh... brooks and i think that
yeah also can say one other thing did you watch the look
obviously i don't know if i'm going to vote for a bomb a big silly
right
the um...
did you watch any of the olympics closing ceremonies
uh... no i missed the closures
there was this thing because it was like they were saying goodbye to china
uh...
and it's all this ceremony and uh...
literally the most extravagant thing you've ever seen in your life that you
can't leave humans
are getting propelled around this arena on all these zip cords and cables and
all this stuff
getting launched this way in that way
all the perfectly coordinated
and then
they're welcoming london because that's where the year two thousand twelve
let me see to be heard and so this
double-decker bus pulls up
and all of a sudden the bus opens and there's like an english countryside
inside the bus
and then out of the bus rises uh...
leona lewis and jimmy page
and then they start playing this thing
note
this is the biggest production in the world
at that moment
and nobody can get a direct line from the board
onto the television it's like
like this weird echo we think it's not like it like it like a uh...
uh... cheap bootleg
yeah i'd like that thing that mike's listening to a smokey in the bandit
him and his friend
that it kind of confirms any any anxiety anyone might have that uh...
china's pretty much going to be running the show yet nobody
nobody could plug a uh...
nobody could plug a line into the nbc bored
so we can direct audio
they've got they've got
five thousand synchronized rumors and uh... and uh... we we can't uh... i can't
like an audience tape some guy in the in the you know
And the 400's up there pointing a unidirectional mic at the thing, that's where the sound's
coming from.
You know, it's like, can't do better than that.
China one, Western world zero.
Fair enough, you did it again.
Thanks buddy.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, how's it going, Tom?
Oh, it's going all right.
Who's this?
My name's Jim.
Hey, Jim, how are you tonight?
I'm doing pretty good.
Look forward to this evening, you know.
Oh.
on early in the chores. Yeah. Would you seven? Nah. Yeah. I do feel you put everything back in
the toy box. More or less, man. What are your chores? Well, I really don't. I'll obey your line
of inquiry, but I was calling about something else. My chores today might not have inquiry.
Well, what? Okay, go ahead. I'm leaning up. I'm a kind of a pack right. Okay. So like I'm
picking up stuff off the side of the road. Yeah. You know, some stuff that I need a lot of stuff
up that i don't usually like when the winner is please tell me one thing that
you honestly needed
there was on the side of the road
i got a decent uh... a bike that actually works it just all it needed was
uh... air on the fire okay to give you an idea of like what people throw out
give me an idea something that you maybe shouldn't have picked up
uh... a uh... body by jake
weightlifting
you mean like the actual weights
No, it would have been that would actually been useful because I could have used them as ballast for like crab traps or something
But like this was that just to you know the structure. I
Could have used them as ballasts for crab traps. Hey, man
Kind of stuff. I'm calling about what they've ho I'm gonna tell me. Hey, man
You stand up to me. I
Got this in front of me. You hear this? I got this the R60
I got the audio arts engineering R-16 in front of me. Do you? I got this thing
Hey, man, well, I will what did he say he will something my line of inquiry
Dare you
WFM you East Orange WXHD Matt Hope worldwide on the world wide web at wfmu.org. This is the best show in WFM you
My name is Tom Sharpling here with you for another hour and 45 minutes shows almost over
How about that goes so fast? Let's put a topic on the table
boom
Started off right with this first topic got two topics tonight two topics
Later, I will be reading from the Billy Bob Thornton Chris Kristofferson interview in filter magazine
One of the greatest interviews I've ever read.
Have you ever seen that commercial, Mike, for the cable company where it's like, I think
it's like for, for Comcast, and it's like, I think it's like for, for Verizon, and they
show the Verizon guy, is like this cool guy.
And then like the guy who, it says on his uniform, cable, he's this red headed guy.
Looks like he's going to come in and chop your family up.
It's like, if I was the cable company, I would be assuing.
It's like, they're putting this monster, like, I mean, this guy literally looks like if you
took, if you took Brian Hussein, like the comedian Brian Hussein, and you combined him
with like Paul Bunyan
and then combine him with like Charles Manson
and it's like they're making that guy represent
the cable company, like you're gonna call up the cable company and then
this lunatic
is gonna show up
and he's like scary like stammers and like
his eyes are all bugged out
how can I look?
I'm not rooting for
I don't root for Verizon or the cable company in that battle.
That's a two-way tie for last.
I'm going to root for some corporation.
But man, the cable company takes it
on the chin on that one.
Yeah, I'm here from the cable company.
It's like propaganda.
on
2 to 6 pm
new
Guide
on my best friends
He's sitting on his throne just because he's in the lead in the, uh, maybe an editorial
election.
So anyway, what can I cross off the list so far?
Cable commercials with Psycho, cross that off.
it's the only thing I've done so far
oh it's still haven't heard on the thirty three and a third book
thing
that debacle
new york uh... the new york magazine blog talks about it
still though those uh...
it's still the the silence is deafening
when those people
you know what i want to do one now
attention
thirty three-third people
there's a one guy wrote on the on the uh... the friends at home message board
he's like
he's like uh... i used to listen to the show but it's so long
it's so hard for me to listen
it's hard
it's a radio show
so hard to listen
You know, the only person who would say it would be hard to listen to the guy who is in the business of publishing hundred-page books.
I don't want to do one now. I wouldn't wipe my nose on one of your books.
One of your rotten little 33 and a third books. You can't have me.
You can't have my bigger than you. I'm bigger than you 33 and a third.
You had your shot. Door was open. Door is closed.
There we go. 33 and a third.
Eve Ho.
No, there's a saying.
There are no stupid questions.
A lot of people get intimidated
is why that saying is out there. Because sometimes you
especially if you're an adult, you realize that there are these
gaps in your knowledge where look
pretty smart audience listening to the show
but not
but nobody knows everything
just the way it is
you're gonna have gaps
and this is not like with the topic we had done before where it was uh...
what is the thing that you like uh... like where you're deficient in something
It's like what is the actual fact like like Mike was talking about earlier. Can I say this on the air?
Mike was saying he knows nothing about like the French Revolution
So in your mind, Mike
In two sentences define the French Revolution to me
with your with your knowledge of it
A bunch of people get their heads cut off at the end
end. So some stuff happened, right? And then at the end of it, a bunch of people got their
heads cut off. They stormed the Bastille. All right, see? What is that thing where you're
just like, you know what? I'm an adult. But there's this thing. I just know nothing about
it. Like, is there a word that you are not sure how to pronounce? 201, 209, 936, is there
a basic concept? Look, I'm putting myself in a very embarrassing situation because I
have said it before. I'm really not smart. I'm much more, I'm more clever than smart.
I'm more like Bugs Bunny than any sort of egg head.
I get by on being a Wisenheimer.
Do a little dance, make a joke.
Suddenly people don't notice I didn't answer the question.
201, 209, 9368.
What are those gaps in your knowledge?
That's topic A.
I get ready for topic B.
Because I was reading this article.
This, there's this chef named David Chang.
And this article drove me up the wall.
This guy sounds like the biggest jerk on earth.
Now you know, there's all these like,
these like celebrity chefs.
And that's such a big deal.
Everybody loves their celebrity chefs.
It's like, but this guy,
this guy takes the cake as far as I'm concerned.
This guy was as annoying as it can get.
The article's called the I Chang, the E Chang.
David Chang has nothing against vegetarians.
He just doesn't like to cook for them.
That much is made clear on the menu
of his East Village restaurant, Momu Fuku, Noodle Bar,
which offers exactly one vegetarian dish,
ginger, scallion, noodles.
Our only vegetarian option it reads in bold face type
as to say, hey, you could take her to leave it.
So this guy, why would someone choose to run a restaurant
with only one non-meat or non-fish option
a vegetarian friendly neighborhood like these village
and this is what he says well i guess it was because i don't like people
telling me what to do
so basically this day this guy people telling me to put more vegetarian
options you need more vegetarian options
and then he's like uh...
then he's taking a stand against look i can run whatever kind of restaurant he
wants
this guy this gets still an idiot
he gets into a thing with the uh... lady who said she was vegetarian
the rest of this was set him off
this is the this is the uh... this is the uh... deciding factor
further for this uh... long-haired
and first of all
chef
celebrity chef
Make my funnel cake. That's why I can say this. This guy, this guy's one step above the guy on the point pleasant boardwalk, making funnel cake, and I will, you'll, you'll, you'll get to that soon enough.
So he's there. There's a lady said she's a vegetarian. She got something to go and there's a broth on the side and she drank it.
And then I said, we don't have any vegetarian broth. And she said, well you should.
And anyway, somebody said it was. And I said, well that must have been a miscommunication.
And she said, you can't do this to the vegetarians.
And then she threatened to sue and put the thing out of business.
Which is like people there's wackos who say they're gonna sue every day. You never hear from them again
So that's set this guy off so much
There's one lady who drank the the non-vegetarian brought that after somebody who worked for this guy told her it was vegetarian
That the next day he removed every vegetarian dish from the menu
And so he gets all his pleasure. There's a picture of him with a pig head in his hands
So he puts all the everything head pork in it said Chang giggling like a school girl
So then now he's got this hot restaurant
That he shot from obscurity in two years to winning a James Beard nomination
Food and wine. It's like a so there are like food awards
that I'm gonna say right there there are too many awards now officially if there
are food awards food awards this guy and then he takes all his money from this
from this hot restaurant and he opens up a series of Asian burrito bars like you
read about what this guy's doing. So basically, this genius chef is basically pouring edamame
on burrito wrappers. Who can't do this? If I opened up a restaurant, you hire somebody
who can cook this stuff. You don't make it too salty. You don't overcook it. You don't
under cook it you make it just right genius chef and I was business is
bombing and then he so here he is he's like I never planned for this Chang said
what one unusually warm fall morning knocking off some payroll work in his
doorless closet that passes for an office behind him prep cooks are
bracing for the lunch rush upstairs black Sabbath is already blasting so he's
like the cool restaurant amen I know music black Sabbath I'll be working at a
record store soon enough so then he opens he basically said this guy his
journey this the brave struggle of this guy in his late 20s he struggled he
he worked in new york and he worked in japan and then he goes in uh... as a
chef
you look always going to open his own restaurant so they get uh... the money
together and uh...
as uh... his dad uh... helps him raise a hundred thirty grand
so okay right there that strike five against this guy
so you just like some rich kid
and then now uh... i'm going to have a blast into that i don't you guys may be
so ill
I don't want to spend time with him in this article. I thought I would read everything from this article
This guy's making me dizzy with with the nausea
Then he's at a party with with Martha Stewart
Doing all his food and his business is going down the turtlet
And now he's opening a place in Vegas. I can't even spent that. I thought I was gonna spend 20 minutes reading this thing
I can't I'm ill with this guy
But this guy made me think of something
And this is going to be the top topic of tonight.
You know the Fab Five?
It was a basketball team in the early 90s.
It was like the perfectly balanced team.
We got a couple of guards, a couple of forwards in the center.
They could do everything. They could do everything. They all complimented each other.
And between the five of them, they were capable of doing anything.
anything I want to tonight put together the fab five of jerks who is the ultimate
let's come up with the ultimate jerk lineup be like if they was this is the
jerk all-star team but they have to bat don't just name certain jerks they have
to complement each other it's like when you're robbing a bank you need one guy
to crack the safe. That's a certain skill. Need another guy to be the muscle. It's a
different skill. Another guy's got to drive the getaway car. It's another skill. Another
guy's got to mess with the electronics at the bank. The wiring. Different skill. Another
guy's got to be the brains behind the thing. When we put this list of the Fab Five of jerks
together
they all have to complement each other to almost build to like one
giant jerk
kind of like vultran
they all
click together
and suddenly in front of you
is one
mega jerk
fm you you're on the air
i tell me
and started
a smear how are you
i'm very well thank you
i'm doing all right i gotta get the show on track shows off track
all right well i have to throw me nuts is david chang article this jerk
is the food bully
celebrity ships
who else should be a celebrity at this point in america right now
celebrity chefs anyone else
what's that
he can cook food you know i'm on can cook food she's not celebrity what's the
big deal you want to think is
like look
from a guy who uh... makes music
and you people like the music all that such good music
i could get by i could survive
the rest of my life without their ever hearing another another note of music
me that's optional you're be you're doing something that's so good
that it is bringing people to
to it to get them interested in something optional
foods not optional we all need it
yeah he doesn't sound he doesn't sound great yeah he's a he's a win bag in his
business is going in in the in the toilet and good for him
good for him
i'm glad to hear that it is i hope i see him
three years from now on the point pleasant boardwalk
uh... making the funnel cake maybe you can make his uh... burritos
right maybe could put the uh... funnel cake uh...
the funnel the funnel cake mix into a burrito
right he'll probably find a way to make a funnel cake uh...
And I'm made of meat, just to annoy people.
I'm telling you, exactly.
I'm not going to do funnel cake by the usual rules.
This is pork funnel cake.
Yeah, and now with extra beef.
Yeah.
And you know what?
This guy, you want invention?
You go to the point pleasant boy.
You go to the boardwalk.
Those guys are doing as much crazy inventing as this guy.
They'll drop anything in the deep fryer on that boardwalk.
Anything.
Like this, I think there's like deep fried soda.
Like if you go and get it like a lemonade they'll say do you want it nor do you want a deep-fried you want it normal or not deep-fried
Like they assume that I like that no you want
Tell me that's horrible those guys are those are the true artists if there are food artists
They're on the boardwalk drop it and drop in anything into the deep fryer candy bars, Kansas soda
I've got the celebrity exactly iPhones that's even better so what can I do for
you nice man well I called in with something for your first topic I'm
afraid I need to think a little longer about the five layers of joy don't worry
it's wide open something that I and I hope this doesn't coincide with the
pre-topic you did once before but there's something that I really ought to know
more about is just personal finance and investment and all that really
important stuff that you should know when you become an adult like how do you
think you should be handling you like what it what in your mind how would you
explain in one sentence how to how to handle your money I know that you should
put put a certain amount away from what you earn every month into some sort of
savings
so that that
slowly accumulate
and you have money for retirement but that's about it that's all i know i don't
know anything about
the different uh... the different things you can do i know some of the
initials that you hear about and the different kind of savings and all of
that i'm shuttling this topic
topic one
off the table no offense to you samir
it's too much like a topic we've done in the past
that's what i was unsure about you are you helped me expose you know
i'm glad my hand was held
by somebody as as as competent as you
i mean they're taking down the wrong road for too long
tonight's topic
the fab five of jerks
uh... throw a jerk out there's a throw one jerk out
all right well i i'll need to think about it and get back i don't want to
just start something out but i think about it is a very thoughtful i appreciate
it's been thank you
time you have a good video you too
so anyway
so we do it this shows uh... this shows uh... not uh... not on the uh...
this shows a little off the tracks tonight
it's undefined
a little bit of this little bit of that
not coming into focus
david cheng
that's what threw me off
two oh one two oh nine
nine three six eight five five of jerks
might edit the showdown
lose the last half hour
what do you think mike
still early
this one's going in this one's going to be in the tubes
down the tubes
unlike it
on sinking ship
fm you you're on the air
yeah tom i got a uh...
guy for the jerk
top five let's hear it
uh... cris angel
chris angel
mind-free
yeah
chris angel and you know you you're kind of comparing it to a uh... bank
robbery yeah
and i think you'd be like perfect getaway guy
okay alright let's so it's almost like a five
if five jerks were going to pull a heist is how we should think about that
this whole thing that would you think
i mean i thought it was a pretty good way of thinking about things just to get
the balance
you can get the mastermind
but there should be an old jerk we should have an old jerk
a young jerk
you know a nerdy jerk
like all the different jerks who are out there
i don't want five uh... i don't want five chris angels on this list of five
joe frances is
you know i mean
yeah maybe like uh... you know a flop jerk maybe look at this the phones
have exploded this is the topic
that other thing was d o a
thanks for the call
who would have thought who would have thought
mike's uh... take on the french revolution
uh...
considering that we did this topic three months ago with paul of tompkins in
the studio
just called something a little different
who would have thought that it didn't get again any traction time for five
jerks
i can't you couldn't call you couldn't get through right now
if you call two oh one two oh nine nine three six eight
fm you you're on the air
hello
uh... this is not from phoenix
mat or net
net with an
net are you proud
of john mccain
yeah i'm not from here and i can't say i uh...
can't say i've gotten in
i've gotten to know them that well since i've been here so
not probably it
look at you something for the
fab five of jerks
uh... yeah i was thinking about a uh...
and the sensitive jerk in uh...
Zach Braff
Zach Braff, I'm going to write, so Chris Angel, what kind of jerk, that's like a showy, showy young jerk
Yeah, Zach Braff, I was thinking he comes on you kind of quiet like he's a sensitive, thoughtful guy, and then
his jerking is kind of sneaks up on you. Zach Braff, thoughtful, and we're going to put thoughtful in quotes
Sure, I'm going to do this on, I'm moving to the computer on this one. I got to do this one the way I do the other things
All right, Mike's coming in with a note
as I quit. Mike just gave some of his suggestions for the
jerks. This is pretty good. Mike's thing might actually end the topic. Thanks, Nat.
You're welcome. You're dead on with Zach Braff. Alright. FMU, you're on the air.
Yeah, hi, Tom. Hey, how are you? Good, good. This is Paul in a gardener upstate Hudson Valley.
uh... how are things upstate tonight
quiet not bad
nice weather
i'm just thinking someone you've discussed in the past who is uh...
kind of a king of the jerks is high-profile jean simmons
jean simmons that's what has one of the guys on mike's list
jean said what would you what would kind of jerk would he be
like if we're going to attribute that different traits to them
uh...
Texas, arrogant, pompous.
I don't know, he's just, he's big, he's huge.
He's the biggest jerk there is.
Sexist and pompous jerk.
That's a good one.
All right.
Thanks, buddy.
Enjoy that.
Well, I am.
All right.
It's like a feast.
I'm enjoying the show, huh?
Last half hour though, not so hot.
But it's a ride.
You don't think so?
It's a ride.
There's peaks in back, it goes up, it goes down, right?
Yeah, you know, I liked the McCain bit. I liked the theremin. That had me rolling on the floor. That was an hour ago.
I know, I know, but it was good. I wanted to call then, but I couldn't think of the number.
I hit a dead spot. I hit a dead spot when I was talking about the David Chang and that cable commercial.
You know what? I don't know David Chang. I don't watch food channels and all of that <E.D.> but I will say...
I kind of see his stance of wanting an all-meat restaurant because the vegetarians
They're just as obnoxious about there. Oh, we don't put any meat products in our pan
I think they're jerks, too. If you know a a very pompous vegetarian
Restaurant tour I think I put him in the jerk column, but I can't think of a specific example
But you don't see some guy going because he gets into a thing with one customer
he said he said to jerky changes the focus of his restaurant
to spite one person
that's his sound bite
that i mean he found a niche that's like that's like that's like uh... that's a
graduate-level uh... jerked him
well yeah like you said he's in his twenties so he thought he
conquered the world because he had his fifteen minutes of fame as
now he's going down he's going down the tubes now
and i'm glad you can enjoy that
I'll be what I've been doing those burrito wraps it a baja fresh
Asian burrito. What the hell? What is that? That's what he makes. Thanks fm you. You're on the air
Tom yes, Sheldon welcome back
Thanks, Sheldon. Where are you calling from Sheldon potterville, New Jersey?
What's going on there tonight? Oh, it's always quiet here in potterville. We're out in the woods out in god's country here in uh, central
jersey in hundred and county that's right
hey uh... biggest jerk uh...
biggest one could be uh... uh...
big chaney
dick chaney
but he's the dick chinese more than a jerk
you know i mean
all i know what you mean but i mean look at this guy uh... he he shoots his
best friend nothing you don't hear from them
uh... any time in this bush administration that i'm pro push or anything
i'm just you just asked you to the blood uh... net out you know who's the biggest
jerk
you know i'm gonna say dick chain is a good suggestion
but i'm gonna say he is he's so bad
that he goes beyond being a jerk he's a evil
all right
there are evil jerks
of course there are
you are evil jerk but jerk it jerks cap out at a point jerks don't run the
world
I don't know for this list, you know what goodbye. I
Like that you guys giving me a lip
Trust me
I'm driving the bus
Caps out you can't understand the difference between Dick Cheney and and the Zach Braff
You can't see the power. You can't see the balance of power
our differentiation between those two guys. It's jerks. It's not monsters. Not villains.
These are jerks. We're doing the Fab Five of Jerks, 201-209-9368. FMU, you're on the
air. Hey Tom. Hey, who's this? This is Mary. From Brooklyn. Brooklyn. What part of Brooklyn?
uh... greenpoint
all right how are things in greenpoint tonight
good uh... i came up with a whole
like bank high stroke team but now you're just doing single
no no no you give you give me a give me a couple i want to i want to give
everybody a shot
to build this list
okay i'll just give you a couple uh... i got bill mar
bill mar
so what is he is the pompous jerk
he would be like the yet pompous jerk he would make like the scheme
So he'd be kind of like the brain, he would think he's the brains.
He would think he's the brains, yeah, he would think he's the brain.
Then I had Jay Leno driving the getaway car.
That's pretty good.
Jay Leno.
Yeah.
Jay Leno.
I like this.
Yeah.
You're a good caller, Mary.
Oh, thank you.
You said to see the summer dwindling.
I'm so sad.
I'm so sad.
Yeah.
summer dwindling. I'm so sad. I'm so sad. Yeah. Summer's almost on. But the fall's coming.
The fall is coming. That's good. Yes. Fall's awesome. She's like, what is your favorite season?
My favorite season? I like spring and fall. Me too. Really? Yeah. My favorites.
maybe we are the same person
oh no maybe it's like a fight club
oh my god I'm getting really scared right now
thanks Mary FM you're on the air
hey how's it going oh it's going alright who's this
this is Tom from Chicago Tom from Chicago what's going on tonight
let me talk about that celebrity chef
also got me riled up for one customer for one customer
This this this windbag changes his entire menu. Well, it's that the part where he says
Who's business is it to tell me what to do? I thought that's what chef did. Yeah. Yeah, that's what yeah, thank you
Here's your business. Here's what your business do it. You know what make me this make me that
You know you tell me how to and you know what the guy's making junk food. He's dry he's dropping
The kitchen sink into some burrito wrapper. This is not this guy's making garbage
he might as well be working a Taco Bell.
That's the thing, it's like the idea that the burrito isn't good.
Like he's going to solve the burrito problem.
You know what I should, yeah.
You know what I'll do?
You want me to replicate what this guy does?
We'll go over to the mall, right?
We'll go over to, let's go to the Palisades Park Mall, right?
I'll go over to the Taco Bell.
I'll buy a burrito.
I'll scrape out the middle of it.
Then I'll go over, I'll just lay the thing out flat.
Then I'll go to Panda Express or to the three item meal
and pour it all inside the burrito and wrap it up
there you go
it
the culture coming figured out their own food they need someone else to describe
what they've done wrong it's going to drop in a it's going to dump in a beef
and broccoli
inside a uh... inside a taco bell uh... burrito wrapper
i do have a jerk
let's hear him
let's hear it
kevin smith
a sort of uh... like the bravado sort of uh...
sort of jerk you know we think he's like mister figure out how to say
for vah like uh... bragging i'm going to call him bragging
faux slob jerk
exactly
cuz you know he doesn't really think he's a slob
he pretends to be a slob
well it's one of the things we've seen at a comic book convention and somebody
asked him a joke and
retorted like him saying he had sex with that guy's mom
and everyone clap
like that was like a wild yeah
respond
and read something where he was like watchman is greatly saw watchman oh yeah
he said it's great
i'll guarantee
i'll i might i might start taking bets on though how bad watchman's gonna be
it's a everyone made a big deal about that and i thought it had none of these
people seen clerks to it is the same guy that i'm not saying that they go
thank you the guy who said
clerks to is ready for theaters
it's not a lot
yet clerks to
the guy that i was supposed to trust the guy who is yet to make
he's got yet to shoot one of a valid frame of film
this guy's gonna tell me the watch minutes that
now you know watchman's bad just watch the trailer
the guy who made it decided to put a smashing pumpkin song in the trailer
that's all you need to know about it
well i was waiting for him to compare to jane silent bob so i knew exactly
yeah where it fell on his on his radar
whose point you know the guy you know plays uh... rorschach and it is uh... is
uh... is uh... the bad day
the guy who plays dante in uh...
in the clerks movies
uh... who's going over here
somebody's killing all the super hero
and i don't want to watch the watchman
if i'm not watching the watchman
who's gonna watch the watchman
and the uh... those two poor slobs
who go look at their i'd be
go look at their uh... i m d b thing
those guys
like i'm not going to make fun of those guys their their their actors are
trying to get work
but those two poor lost souls
working on these kevin smith movies
waiting for the phone to ring
it's kevin
close to is going to go
finally
they are concerned about whether their character arc is over
character with it
whether they're going to get another put that movie on an arc well show that the
sea
character arc
thank you young man
fm you you're on the air
hey i've got a uh... five uh... jerk line up uh...
you want to drop a full five
on me right now
idea just right off the bat i got uh... fast i'll let you do it you sound
easy sound like a uh... uh... slick street guy
just at the last little scavid david gregory beat out joe lee berman and i
got chad smith
david gregory who's that
uh... david gregory he looks like her although with the bear upper lip
he's on uh... he's on uh...
channel for
you know that one of these guys
chad smith uh... from the bangles i believe uh... wide receiver
we said he could beat michael felton or race
uh... jody sweeten who is uh... the middle daughter on full house
uh... danny i i don't feel the need to put his mugshot every diner uh... that i
like to go to like a thanks for the pride
danny and anti-ketis uh... who is it
who are you what is your name
tom thanks for asking my name is jim i've gotten the he pulled twice and i don't
want to say nothing more because i don't want to get it again you want to
what Jim Jim what before you hang up yeah I'm not trying to jinx you you a lot
of people don't have it it's a it is it it's an unquantifiable thing it yeah
that other guy what was that guy's name who used to who was rookie of the year
last year Mike Eddie's gone Eddie split I don't know
happen Eddie but you when you just said that thing about Danny I yellow picture
on every diner wall gosh it's true man you want to know what what you just
showed me you could have it thank you I'm gonna put a little not putting a I'm
gonna put a little a little a pen mark next to your name I appreciate that my
head good luck in that show world domination so who of the five do you
want to thank you for who do you want to put on the list
you put anything he does on the list
i think i mean yeah he's he's uh... he's a big jerk but i mean danielle just to
give you a little story about this up danielle for a minute i've got looking
on my fridge i got something uh... from like the the old uh... jersey journal
is from like the nineties it's uh... jason kid down
during a nets game and like tending to him or the team doctor
uh... second coach eddie jordan and who actor danny i'll look like somehow i
always like on the scene attending to this fall in basketball player like a
don't worry it's going to be all right you know
if you see the moon struck
right exactly both of our careers are or plop town now you know i think you
got a broken ankle like i got no no cops you know i brought your copy of my cd
let's go to the horizon diner and forget about things for a while
well yeah he's pretty loud you know what's that show he did
i'd i don't even know i know he tried to get his uh... one of his
kinfolk on to uh...
the local weather spot or something i don't think that worked out to get
danny a lot ones a restaurant in hobo can i can build that i can believe
you know but it's not been a two dino's man he does not only
i'm not gonna to to pasta
the danny ailes restaurant
he a he's finally arrived
this is what i want you to do mike
there's a project for you
if you go there
i want you to go to to pasta
danny a allegedly danny ales restaurant i don't know
mike says he saw him illegally park his jaguar in front of the restaurant
that's great you know i'm going to say like you go there you introduce yourself
he said mister uh... mister a yellow uh...
my name is mike i'm a representative of
the best show on uh... w f m u radio station uh... w f m use radio station in
jersey sit nearby jersey city
uh... if you you would be so kind to appear on the show
you could discuss your restaurant
i dare you to do that
that would be amazing
Thanks for coming buddy.
Hey, have a great night.
Do I have a business card?
What do you think this is?
Do I have a business?
I don't have a business to have a business card.
Okay, okay.
Are you trying to find a new way for me to lose money on doing this show?
Yeah, let me run off some business cards.
Anything else?
You want a company card to go over?
you want to drop yours expense account
what was the name of that show he did
that cop show
where's like running and he was like really were shooting him from like a
mile away
because he clearly couldn't
hoofin anymore
fm you you're on the air
Hi Tom. Hi, who's this? Sorry, it's Laura. I gotta call in. That's fine. Power caller. Yeah, so, you know, you can't have consolidated cardboard, print out some, uh, business cards for you, like a scrap cardboard.
I think I might have to do that. Or you know, I don't know, do you have any headshots? I do have headshots.
Just give Mike one of your head shots to go over. It's a good idea. Yeah
You know what?
What I was talking about thought
About a young like a new hungry dude in there. Yeah, you know what you would say. I'm going over right now Tom
Right now. Oh screen calls
From my iPhone
He would wire his iPhone into the system
screen calls as he went over to
I don't think he has the technology for that.
Maybe each man could do it.
Because he's young.
Maybe.
So who do you have for the list?
Okay.
I actually have a duet.
What do you have?
I have, they work together.
This is like, you know, a bank hold up.
You know, there's a guy calming everyone down and then there's a guy freaking everyone out.
Everyone out?
Yes.
Okay.
Well, the guy who's calming everyone down surprisingly enough is Joe Francis.
So you want to put Joe Francis on, okay?
You know, I mean, apparently he knows how to talk to people.
You wouldn't think it to look at him, but, you know, he has a cottage industry.
Yes.
Yes.
He does have a cottage industry of being a jerk.
Yes, he does.
The one who's freaking everyone out, well, it could be either Vincent Gallo or Dogg
Charnie.
I think Vincent Gallo.
Who's the second one there?
Dogg Charnie, American Apparel.
Oh, that guy.
That guy.
Yeah.
But they would cancel each other.
Yeah.
They can't be on the same team.
We can't have him and Joe Francis on the list.
Vincent Gallo and Joe Francis?
No, you can't have the American Apparel guy and Joe.
Francis and the American Power Guy are the same guy. Oh, you see, I would put him more on the Vincent Gallo side
Because he knows seem like hipsteries, seamsteries, dummy guys. But they're in the, in the, see, you're not, you're, you're, you're
Vision of what is a jerk is far too narrow. Oh, yeah? You have to realize
this is a list that this is a list that has Danny I yellow on it by the way that
Jim guy should be rookie of the year he should be in the running for that look
I don't want to tip anything yet because look what happened to Steve yeah I'm not
one to judge though like I turfed out hard Steve still he's still kind of
bounce back maybe you can come back with some other young kid it seems like a
who was arm out
um...
where's the guy from the sweet life of zach and cody
if he got me one of the kids from sweet life with zach and cody
he would jump way up the list
it's steve is like the mark fiddrich
of uh...
of uh... of uh... callers
heh heh heh heh
okay well um... i am thinking Joe Francis has to be on the team
Joe Francis is the one
he's the one yes thank you lori
right fm you you're on the air i gotta move along i gotta move along and can't
lori for you i want to hang out all night have a good old they were sipping lemonade
at a pace i gotta get a fast pace going here what's your name young man
it's andrew from canada city andrew from canada city well what can i do for you
you have something for our list appreciate the song that you played earlier what song
train from Kansas City? Yes. I'm leaving Kansas City to go to Chicago this weekend.
What is taking you to Chicago, Andrew? I love relish on my pizzas. What can I say?
No, you're a committed fan of relish on pizzas and pizza in general then. Yes, yes, you
could say that. Do you have someone for the list? I have two people if I may. For you,
Oh, thank you. Um, the first would be, uh, Danny Bonaducci as like the tough guy, kind
of meathead. Yes.
Eric, every time I see this, it's like he, he's famous for milking the fact that he's
a, uh, a child star, like he's famous for, you know,
Yeah, we have a ragging about being a child star, which is nothing to brag about.
we get it
that we get it
uh...
and the second is uh... glenn beck
uh...
you've seen that guy
i hate that guy and he just had this
uh... remember how this american life did that
that uh...
live
thing of movie theaters repay twenty dollars and you go
you go watch the
parts of the second season or whatever
you remember that i don't remember wait that's like i was like a thymal cast
what did you have to go
what sort of shell game was that
well people are going on a minute
people were going to movie theaters
and watching what
if this american life you know they're
they have that
the tea you know i'm going back
i'm getting into my next point glenn beck did the same thing like this big
simulcat
to movie theaters where people
are supposed to pay twenty dollars to go to the thing to watch glenn beck do
stand up
and how bad did it tank
did happen you know i
i haven't heard anything about it since i first heard of it so i imagine it
uh... tank pretty bad
i can imagine
who's going to see
who's going to wouldn't you be embarrassed
to walk into a mood to you know uh...
you have to for that uh... glenn beck saying
yeah the uh... forty five dollars
yeah
it's twice the it's twice the price of a normal movie ticket to be the
win back do you stand up
when back
what would be called stand-up
writing
specifically stand-up
actually i i i mean i just i watch the show
when i want to get angry
you know i mean
i mean i'm i'm almost guaranteed
his book did you see the book he put out
no what he would go back put a book out where was like what trying to be like
the daily show book in the colbert report book like was like crazy it was like
No, like irreverent with all kinds of different like cool side bars and crazy graphics and it was just like
It's one of those really it was like embarrassing because they're just clear. It's not his thing
But he's just jumping on to something that other people succeeded with
It's almost like the equivalent of like when like rock music took over in the 60s and like these out-of-date producers are like
like, just put some feedback on the thing, on the thing we're doing already.
These kids can't tell the difference, and then no one buys it.
He speaks with such authority, and he's clearly so misinformed.
No, that guy seems like he's on the edge of like a full-on breakdown.
I heard that if one wanted to, you could listen to up to like 12 hours of Glenn Beck
Talking a day because he's got a radio show and his TV show and like all kinds of stuff
That's sick. Yeah best show. You get three hours a week
And I still got these people a 33 a third guy moaning. It's so much to listen to three hours a week
Yeah, give me a break
You're you're right. You're too good for them. Yeah, then again
I haven't heard of like one person right in those 33 in the third box. You're here. I'm done
I'm done with they had their shot Tony. They had their shot Tom wanted them. They didn't want Tom Tom
Don't want them now door was open door is closed. That's right. I had your shot. Yeah, you're shot 33 in the third
Thank you young man. You have a good night Tom
FM you you're on the air. Hey Tom. It's John from Maplewood John from Maple and this is a quality caller
How are you doing? Okay, how are you tonight? I got the heave hole last time I called I don't know how you did
I can't remember what you did, but you uh, I suggested
Doing a version of the podcast for the mouth-breathing audience out there. That was right
Sorry about that. You know what though? What?
You're in don't worry about it. That's the good thing about the show. You're back this week. Okay, good
I noticed that by the way the world domination scheme you didn't even need to do anything on
On iTunes what we're listening to now the best shows on there
They bet the if you go to iTunes
And you go to the audio put the top comedy audio podcast we are at number
Six sixteen
We just fell for falling we're behind frosty Heidi and Frank
That it's a they do a show in Los Angeles is the worst thing I ever heard in my life
well frosty i didn't like it
number ten never funny by jimmy parto
still just sitting there
top ten
that show can make it in top ten that's sick
that's sick
people got to go over and vote over at friends at home dot com for the mayor
new bridge by the way
i would have yet you did
can't say who
do you have someone for the list young man for the
fab five of jerks
i do but it might be a little dated so i have a backup
uh... try it
george will
george will look at me the backup
but for that
sorry i mean when you have a glenn back
george will all of a sudden
seems so
well he's going to be like the classy sort of older guy in the group of the
high steam you know
that's true michael came in dirty rotten scound you know i'd give me the
other one will figure out which one was the better of the two lars all rick
i'm sorry lars all
Although Lars Ulrich is kind of similar to Joe Francis,
and Chris Angel, he's almost like if you cross
Joe Francis and Chris Angel.
Right.
You get Lars Ulrich.
You know what I'm gonna do?
I'm gonna put, for you,
George F. Will makes the list.
Like, we're gonna call him Foni,
Foni Intellectual Jerk.
There you go.
Right?
I'm kind of like Gomez Adams like always dressed up like I can't picture him you with the bow tie
Yeah, I can't you must walk around the house just like you know making the nom lit or whatever
Always with the bow tie Mike said he was gonna wear a bow tie in here from now on yeah to try to like give himself like an image
right and
I hope he does it because his current image is not working for me the zoom tattoo. No shirt is shirtless. Oh
Goodness with like a cape on I think it's a cape or it's like a bedspread
That is not sartorial elegance
Definitely not John. Yeah, you did it again young man. Thank you. Have a good night Tom. You too
201 209 9360 we're putting together the fab five of jerks
Remember it's got to be balanced
Young jerk old jerk smart jerk dumb jerk
We want the list
We want to pick the five jerks that will add up to the ultimate jerk that would be the Voltron of jerks
So far, Chris Angel, Zach Braff, Gene Simmons, David Chang, who's the celebrity chef, Bill Marr, Jay Leno.
I'm taking Jay Leno off the list. Jay Leno is not, Jay Leno is jerky, but he's not a full-on jerk.
Kevin Smith, Danny Iyello, Joe Francis, Danny Bonaducci, Glenn Beck, and George F. Will.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, how's it going, Tom?
It's going all right, who's this?
Drew from Chicago.
drew from chicago what part of chicago
joe um...
joe i'm from the south side i'm under
identified right now okay
showing off a little bit
mmm
now it's uh... it's just as uh...
that's what down there
excited about uh... you have obama mania
being in chicago a little bit of obama mania
you do
south side guy
uh... my my submission is andy ruey
Alright, you want to know what?
He makes the list.
It's got to make the list.
He's some of the greatest generation in there.
Super old.
Super old ignorant jerk.
He thinks everything he likes is what's good and everything else,
you know, anybody else likes is just <E.D.> so.
Yeah.
Here you go, Andy Rooney.
Made the list.
Thank you.
Thanks, young man.
man. If I'm you, you're on the air. Hi Tom. Hi, who's this? Emma from Toronto. How are
you doing Emma? I'm good. How are you? I'm doing okay. I'm glad. I'm glad. Top notch
call, sir. Don't jinx it. How are things in Toronto tonight? Things are lovely in Toronto.
Thank you very much for asking. Are you excited about school? You know, sure. Where are you
grade wise, Emma? I'm going into my last year of high school. Your final year of high
school? It's all exciting. This is the year. Do you have good grades going into this final
year of high school? I think so, yeah. And are you starting to think about college, university?
I am a little bit, yeah. Where would you like to go to school? In a perfect world, where
would you go? In a perfect world, I would like to go, well actually, I went to Columbia
University this summer. That's right. And how was that? That was so great. I got to just
right all day and then just like hang out in New York in the evening and you
know if that was a good time so I'd like to go there but I don't know what the
chances of that happening are you don't know about the practicality of you getting
into Columbia or being able to afford to go or yeah it's sort of everything at
once like I don't know my family would love it if I went but it's like it's
really expensive yes it is go to the school I went to street school like was
was that what it was called? It was called Street School U. I learned it on the streets.
That's about as street as it gets. Columbia? Columbia is about as on the street as it gets.
So do you have anybody for the list? I do have someone for the list. He's a little
obvious and so I'm hoping because I missed a bit of the show and so I'm hoping that no
No one has called in with him yet.
Who is it?
It's James.
James?
James is the two people.
You mean just straight up James?
Yeah.
I'm thinking, you know, cause he's like, you're not smart.
I say best show jerk.
He's, yeah, he's younger than everybody.
I'm assuming on the list so far.
And I kind of picture him as like, if we're doing the heist thing, he like, he maybe
kind of just stands around and watches while everyone else is doing their part.
You know what he would be?
He'd be the Patsy and the heist.
Yeah.
guy who they would like like did you see the Batman movie I did he'd be like the
guy that gets shot exactly like when the when the one bad guy shoots another
bad guy he would be with the first one to get shot like yeah I got us in the
wiring's taken care of so it's all done right yeah the picture I had of him
though was like was like in the getaway car yeah everyone's when they're speeding
out he hangs out the side window and does something really seems like he goes
you got James and then like the cop and then they like shoot him what is the
sound that a police car makes in Canada what does the siren sound like it's
more French Canadian than than yours it's like it's got a bit of a sort of an
accent like how like can you give me a version of it right now it's um I can
try. It's more of like you do the one you just did. Whoo! Yeah, ours is like wow kind of. You
want to know what? That makes perfect sense. Exactly. I follow exactly what you're saying.
Emma, thank you so much and good luck with your senior year of high school. Thank you very much.
Have a good night. FM you, you're on the air. Yeah, this is Adam. Oh, excuse me.
Hello. Yes. Yeah. What can I do for you tonight Adam? How are you? I'm great. I have
a jerk for you. Who is it? The jerk is Dave Foley. Dave Foley what from kids in the hall?
Yeah. I love I love him in kids in the hall but he was in Lincoln shooting a film and
he was the biggest jerk
i don't know about that
you treated you like a jerk
he was in a local bar and he got away that he
in and it's a bar that i love
he threw up
bar chair
over the bar
busted up the back of the bar
busted up the high-priced stuff
you know
at the back of the bar i'm not going to let you slander somebody like this
heave ho
I have no proof.
This guy's talking about a esteemed member
of the comedy community, making claims about him
that I have no proof either which way on.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, this is Zach from Boundbrook.
Zach from Boundbrook.
South Boundbrook.
South Boundbrook, oh, eight, eight.
What?
I'm trying to guess your zip code.
Oh, hold on.
0-8-8-4.
Look, I'm not really from town, Rick.
That doesn't matter, though.
So you made up where you're from?
Yeah.
Yeah, I'd rather.
Steve Ho.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, Thomas.
Nervous Mike from Marwa.
What kind of guy makes up where he's from?
Hey, it's me from Bound Brook.
They're doing this ago.
I really don't know.
I'm actually not from Bound Brook.
what was that about
beat me tom
come down nervous mike
you're right there buddy
i'm i'm hanging there
yeah you know you did a great topic great topic that's what he palms
yet for sure
will be to a little uh... little uh... little uh... uh... wringlet
cross your forehead
yeah sunburn
um... i have i have to for uh... the martial arts uh... jerk
like a tie i guess
let's hear it
uh... on the topic of danny i yellow pictures and diners too
and the first is steven segal i see him everywhere
you see his picture everywhere yeah and like p3 isn't stuff
and um... and the second is just john claud vandam
i think they're both jerks jerks
but not as jerky as micky dolins
either of them
in my opinion
You wanna know what?
You don't know what gets me about this pizzeria thing.
What?
You're on WFMU, he's Darren's WX-H-T man,
web at WFMU.org.
Is it these people are talking about how all these people
put their pictures up on the wall, the pizzeria, right?
Yeah.
You know what the worst thing that you can do
if you run a pizza parlor is?
It's when they put the picture of the guy,
like the unsigned picture of the guy
we've got a picture of al pachino on the wall of our pizzeria
or like the guy father
but it's like
the put like some headshot
of al pachino
was he in here
no we're just huge fans
really you're going to put that on
the picture the headshot
is for a very specific reason which means the person came in
and signed it
and the same thank you
but you know what though when i eat my pizza i'm always i'm looking right at it
you know when it's the only thing to look at
i'm always i always find myself looking at the pictures you know i you know bring
a magazine in the pizzeria
haven't grasped that concept yet
not going to grab uh... some at the front of the pizzeria to read old old
uh... new york post
maybe just like a menu or something
you read a menu
While you're eating the food, you'll actually read a menu.
I have to read while I eat if I'm alone.
Then bring something.
I forget though.
You forget.
I don't like this.
I don't like you.
No offense.
But this is 101.
This is eating solo 101.
You walk in with something.
Yeah, the car class of thank you, Mike,
on top of the cigarette machine.
You grab the thing with the car classified or the house classifieds
although
you don't seriousness
The prospect of that guy they might take the house classifieds away from that guy say like really you're you're in the market for a home
Yeah, just in the pizzeria. I just need something to read. I mean the pizzeria. I need something to read so read the menu a lot of times
Read the menu. Is he eating the food? Was he getting ready for next time?
Oh, I wonder what I should get next time. Maybe next time I'll get to Calzone.
Hmm, that sounds good. I would get to Calzone now, but I'm full.
Maybe next time I'll get a two-piece pizza.
Wait, that was a straight up weird. That guy.
When I said I don't like that guy, I take that back.
My apologies.
That guy's fine by me on a very basic level, but he's got to get his things straightened out.
It's the easiest thing in the world.
You walk in with something to read.
There's stuff to read all over the place.
I have yet to be in a pizzeria in my life that did not have a
Newspaper on top of the garbage can that has been read already thumbed through
Yeah
My Mike says he likes to stare off into space
Putting you with that guy. Why don't you go eat with that guy?
Why?
Why don't you and that guy go to Danny I.L.'s restaurant.
Stare both of you eat the food and stare into space.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey Tom.
Hey, who's this?
This is Brian.
From Columbus, Ohio.
That's right.
How are you tonight?
Doing well.
How are you doing?
I'm doing okay.
Great show tonight.
You think so?
I do.
We pulled it.
There's a little soft spot in there.
Yeah, this is a top-notch topic I gotta say.
We're doing it. We're doing it. Exactly. We're bouncing back, bouncing back. What do you
got for me, Brian? I'm hoping I've got a good entry for the topic. I want to say Stephen
King. Stephen King, that's a pretty good one. He might be in the same category I was thinking
with like Bill Maher, like the blowhard jerk that thinks he's really smart and cool and
is yes everyone kind of makes fun of them behind his back yeah hey it's what
your old uncle Stevie says yeah from that uh that cool that cool list cool list
for a entertainment week please okay okay okay so far away from anything cool
got walking around and is uh in his flannel shirt up in Maine and referring
to himself is uncle steve's uncle steve
you want to know brian
steven king on the list you did it
thank you
fm you're on the air
it's on how to go and what's going on right who's this
uh... this is ramsi and greenpoint
ramso this is good ramsi who can i mention your blog ramsi
oh sure
people can go to ramsi r-a-m
s-e-y
e-s-s
dot com
ramsi s
dot com the ramsi you might may or may not know
he writes a very funny uh... but he maintains a very funny blog
what they put up a little video thing he's on it
very entertaining
did a funny west anderson thing which uh... which made me laugh
i worked very hard on that one that was a labor of love it's clear you did the
work because it was very well done
well thank you
Now you, people may know also, are friends with James.
This is true, this is true.
How is he doing?
We have not heard from him in a while.
No, last night I heard from him,
his wife lead decided to take a calling in vacation.
Good. Well, you know what?
Look, the guy can listen all the live long day.
Nobody says that you have,
If you listen, you're compelled to call.
99% of the people who listen to this thing
would never pick the phone up and call in.
It just wouldn't.
That's just how calling things work.
But this guy, this guy James had some sick,
some sick compulsion in his head.
And I'm probably setting him off now by saying this.
I'm probably feeding his strangeness to call in.
But he had this sick compulsion.
He had to be a part of the show.
and then it got twisted further
that he had destroyed the show because he loved it too much
that's neither here nor there
we wish i don't know that we wish i don't know that
once you make him put him in one of your little uh... in your your your shorts
we've actually uh... been trying to figure something out with that
really
that we haven't gotten very far
the the notion of such a thing has been tossed around not much further than
that
love it
i love it
so would you have anybody for the list
uh... i have
i'm thinking kind of like a
fly me but swab sort of uh... character
for the bank height
who do you have
uh... prince
prince
musical genius
uh... yeah i don't have a problem with him musically beyond
that dance or whatever that one you just think he's uh... you just think he's
uh...
what is it he's so off-puttingly weird
yeah that's how i would describe it like uh... i don't think
has any trouble
talking to people that he wants to talk to
uh...
but i think the problem comes
when he has zero interest in talking to some of you think that he's so cold
like that that he becomes a jerk
when he doesn't want to deal with someone or something
you know like he said the rules almost yes he feels that way
you know what
i was i was wondering at first whether he belongs on the list i'm going to try
him on for size
give it a shot that's all i can ask thanks ramsi
thank you
fm you you're on the air
it's a minute spoonie Brooklyn
spoonie this is a quality call how are you doing
except i'm i'm doing good are you doing all right
why am i not supposed to be
no no i've decided it's just
i feel better when you're doing okay
thank you well i'm doing all right
slept uh... slept two hours
uh...
we're doing a good show for a little bit of hours
thank you
appreciated
well i would like to uh... submit you know i did you know i did not to cut you
off before the show mike even saw this by literally took my own advice
and splashed cold water on my face
the new man effort that you know all the time you gotta do it it shocks your
system shocks your system into a sense of state of action
Yeah, I feel you feel a little cleaner, you kind of, you know, I kind of comb my hair over.
Exactly.
I feel it's about myself and I go do what I gotta do.
Exactly, it's go time.
You do that, it's go time.
Yeah.
The previous state of mind is gone.
Now it's go time.
Cold water, in hands, on face, and it's that moment where it's like,
Brrr!
Oh, you're jogging place.
You hate it and then you love it.
So the point where I look forward to it.
Yes.
So what do you got for me, Spoonie?
well i would like to submit frank santra as the elder statesman
i don't know what the rule is on uh...
i'm putting the
departed on the list
very weak i don't think he was in the departed
hahahaha
what's up
no he wasn't mike is saying yes he was mike is saying he got shoved out a
window
that he was up
he was trampled by horses
at some point in that
night i didn't see him
but that was the word of my part but uh... what he's on the list
you feel like the older statesman
jerks yes he almost he's like the king of jerks
yeah he would only be the if even if it turns out that jerks can't make this
list
uh... like the obi one canobi
of these jerks
like a picture hanging up at the height out they'll tap it if they walk out the
door
exactly
Thank you, Spoonie.
All right, good night, Tom.
You have a good night.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi, Tom.
Hi, who's this?
This is Joanna from Portland, Oregon.
Joanna in Portland, Oregon.
How are you tonight?
I'm great.
How are you doing tonight?
Doing all right.
Good.
It's a great show.
Thank you.
What's going on in Portland?
Not a whole lot.
We're actually getting ready to move, so.
Where are you moving to?
We're temporarily moving back to Texas to save up some money.
What part of Texas?
Nowhere, part of Texas.
Plano.
North of San Antonio, West of Austin, nowhere.
But my parents live there, so.
You know what?
Sometimes you've got to take one step back
to take a couple steps forward.
I understand it completely.
You're making the right decision.
You have to be sometimes you can't live the life you want
live um all the time and you gotta kind of you kind of gotta uh get your house in order indeed
plus my parents are getting a little older and they'll be able to spend time with your grandkids
so that's nice nice to do that for them and you could go through their stuff right finally
exactly they don't have any stuff oh just you wait and see i'm sure they've got stuff that you're
gonna how long honestly between you and i your parents don't listen to this show how long
Before you go through their stuff
They don't leave the house
In the garage. Okay, here we go. Let me give you a for instance. You go in the garage and
uh-huh
And it but it looks different than the other boxes, you know, it's not just filled with blankets, right?
Just looks a little different like hmm
maybe there's old photos in that box right what's in that box like a hat box
like you see a hat box yeah in the garage how long before you take that
hat box down and start checking out what's in it and probably wouldn't even be a
hat box it'd probably be like a hope chest okay I'm guessing yeah the first
time they go to church I open that thing up exactly yeah but you know what
Then what if you find a gun what if you find a gun in it like just follow me to be in there
Okay, I'm following me with this you find a gun in there and then no and you a note that just says
Heaven help me for I have sinned
Like some weird thing it not saying your parents wrote this
Not saying they wrote it. Maybe they're covering up for someone. Okay
Maybe they're blackmailing someone
Why are you moving to this house of horrors?
These people are terrible.
Get out of there.
Oh, no.
Too late.
So who do you have for the list, madam?
Okay, so hang on with me with this because if the fab five jerks is like the traveling
lowberries, this would be like, this would be like the Jeff Lynn.
You know what?
You have hooked.
You hooked me right now.
I'm on board.
I can't wait to hear.
you've come up with
maybe we should have been thinking of this is the traveling wilburys the
whole time
but go ahead go ahead
i'm going to go with dust and i'm
because
is doing stand-up now he's boring the stand-up and he's not working on his
craft
he's not
trying to become a better comic he's just posting
on the career from twenty yeah when he years ago
and
people are showing up because of his name
and
which is i guess is maybe great for the other comical attached
to that bill because they're getting to be seen that that can't be great as
those people
they have a problem we have to bring the other community and i don't get the
dust i'm at the tree sloths that go to a
they dust and diamond
hey screets to do stand up with this thing you think they're actually going to
sit
and let some other comic paint a portrait
with their jokes
picture this i suppose to go to a thing
paul i think dustin diamond
paul f tomkins
the two of them performing i'm supposed to watch uh... paul tompkins
tell some joke
and build
while some guys go to them while they start the chant
screech
screech
and then
the thing that screech did also when he went bankrupt
it like he lost all he was going to lose his house he starts selling the shirt
started selling these t-shirts online they were like save screech and like he
literally can't call himself screech so he had to spell it like screech with like
eight E's. It's horrible. Yeah, you're right. He's on the list. Dustin Diamond
coasting on his questionable fame jerk. Yeah. Thank you. Good luck with the move.
Thanks. FMU you're on the air. Hi Tom. Hi who's this? Hi this is Sonia from
New York, Sonya from New York. What part of New York Sonya frozen Dale New York frozen Dale? What's going on in frozen Dale?
It's actually Rose and Dale Rose and Dale the flower okay like a flower okay power things in Rose and Dale
They're pretty spectacular actually have you lived there your whole life? No, I haven't I've lived here for about five years
And you like it. I like it. I'm never gonna leave
Oh, I'll leave. You'll leave. I'll leave. Where would be the ideal place for you to go live? Somewhere warmer.
Press a button. If I could have a year-round summer, that would be ideal. Press a button and you'll live at that place. And that place is?
Uh, Texas.
Texas?
Honestly.
Really?
My favorite art teacher who inspired me to do what I intend to do with my life, she lives in Texas.
Fair enough, Texas is renowned for its art.
It is, Austin.
Mike loves Texas.
Really?
He likes Dallas.
Oh, that's good.
And Houston.
Yeah.
And San Antonio.
I've actually never been there, but I hear it's warm and I hear it's fun.
sounds like a good time warm and fun that's Mike also warm and fun is he
he's cold he's not I think really not fun I don't believe it maybe you'll see
him in Texas perhaps just look for the shirtless guy with the 10 gallon hat
with the zoom tattoo on his chest none of that now do you have anybody for the
list. I do. Who do you have? Who is it? Have you ever seen the movie The Party?
The Party? You mean the Peter Sellers movie? I'd have to say that Peter Sellers
belongs on that list. Really? Why is that because they're the insensitive portrait?
His character. It just hurts. It just from that movie. His character from that
movie. It pains me to watch a movie like that. You mean of a guy doing kind of
like a like a super broad version of somebody from a certain ethnicity that
yes absolutely but also just just failing at everything you know what I
mean just just constantly <E.D.> up everything he could it's embarrassing so
you hate movies what you mean when the character is failing you just hate
movies where characters smashing stuff yeah you just like I never liked
Will Ferrell either he did that whole that whole you know yeah like stranger
than fiction yeah sure I don't you mean it hurts you don't like watching stuff
get broken I don't you know you never want to see them being fixed the movie
called mouse hunt I don't think I saw you should never watch that movie I
I probably won't.
Because these two guys chasing after a mouse for an entire movie and they smash the house.
Ah!
I thought I didn't mean to scream on the phone, but I thought it's awful.
What's a good movie that you like?
You know what movie I like?
What's that?
Witness?
You like any...
You like any David Lynch movies?
Oh, that's a huge difference.
You're right.
You're right.
Let's get rid of Mouse Hunt, but let's go watch Lost Highway.
Let's watch a racerhead.
Oh, well, there you go.
let's watch things that are positive and that bill
like a racerhead
even i don't know
that my point is
i have a point
i like the movie that really make you think it's not that
uh... comedy
you know ha ha he fell down or he fell in the pool or he knocked something over
and broke it
one of those movies that you turn it off and you're still like what
is going on so you
yet that that's the only thing you think about
Erase or head doesn't make you think. Erase or head just makes you confused.
For hats.
You're doing a lot of drugs though, aren't you?
All of that.
Right?
I am that.
My father is listening to this show live right now downstairs.
Okay.
Then you know what you do, tap once for yes, twice for no.
I can't do that.
Okay, let's just try.
Do you watch these movies and do drugs?
Tap once for yes.
Yeah.
Did you get the test?
Yes.
Yes.
Do you do?
Oh, I watched that movie when I was 14 before I had ever tried.
What drugs are we talking about here?
Coke.
We're not talking drugs.
How are you going to try to incriminate me like that in the air?
I'm also a part-time DEA agent.
I believe it.
I have a squad car patrolling and we're going to, because legally I can bring you in.
You can not. I can't. I believe that Rosendale is not in your jurisdiction.
It's not, but it's in my radio jurisdiction. It's like I'm like a dispatcher.
Thank you for the call. Thank you for taking it.
Not putting Peter Sellers is coming right off that list.
Peter Sellers. But she watches a racer head.
Yeah, I like positive things, like a racer head.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hello, this is Max.
Max from Riverdale.
Are you asking?
Oh, no.
I'm from Riverdale.
There you go.
How old are you, Max?
21.
21.
No.
Are you asking me?
Are you, whether you're 21?
That would sound like a question, sorry.
Well, you gotta say, this is how you answered it.
I was like, uh, you're like, this is Max from Riverdale?
And then it's like, how old are you, Max?
I'm 21.
Um, my apologies.
I am 21.
There's a little confidence.
That's all you need, Max.
A little confidence.
Hold your head high.
You're a good guy.
In school.
Oh, what was that?
Are you in school?
Yes, I get to get a little something.
OK.
How's your phone?
Your phone's cutting out on us.
Room, I don't really get the reception,
so I'm like standing right near the window.
OK.
Well, it sounds good right where you are right now.
Well, who do you have for the list?
We'll get your business taken care of.
OK.
List of jerks, I had Jim Belushi.
Jim Belushi, that's a good one.
the jerk
bully
bully jerk
right yeah
unfunny bully jerk is what i'm calling
you know i wonder
okay your phone's terrible
fm you you're on the air
eight ommets chris l for maryland chris l for maryland this is a top-notch
caller
how are you
i'm good how are you
uh... i thought thinking that uh...
maybe there could be something like the bizarro world only to the jerk world
where the fab five conquered everything
and they're the most beloved people in the jerk world
where they literally are the kings of jerks
all media
in sports the most beloved athlete is carl malone
so you're actually proposed is like so you are proposing a full-on concept
like carl malone would be the of the
he's the most beloved athlete of all time
is anybody crying the carlmo never won a championship
there's a lot of areas
someone uh...
what i read the onion uh... something about it well at least he had the gold
medal
which everyone left them about
does he have a gold medal
they have a dream team
well that's right from when he was like the eleventh guy on the dream team
uh... in film the most beloved director
and actor is Eli Ross
good one
uh... in literature the greatest author of all time is michael kriton
alright also also convinced the world that global warming does not exist
yet and
in music uh...
i thought uh...
maybe not the absolute worst musician but the jerks will all love thing
that he would be the most beloved musician in the jerk world he's up there
he would be yes
he i can think of a big
bigger jerks and staying
and uh...
the king of the mall do you know who
uh... fill up the franco is
uh...
lead the guy
uh...
uh... that is the worst
so you know who he is that
putting him in caps
fell up the franco
filly d
he's this guy for anybody who doesn't know who this guy is this guy
this guy is like a uh...
he's like the he would be like the funny guy in the frat house
Who like people like, you know, it's funny, it's funny.
And then like he actually went into the real world
thinking that he's funny.
He's like pure, pure Kevin Smith, Zach Braff,
like just like, yeah, it just talks and talks and talks.
Thanks, wait a minute, wait, what am I doing here
for three hours a week?
Yeah, he was a jerk, this guy, Philip Tivranco.
well he does is talk and talk and talk
so anyway let's take the nine hundred fifty th call
on the five five jerks
so uh... but anyway
that's needed here and rather
people like me people like me like the show
i think they like that i think i'm providing
a service
i think that i was associated with the lead in the top quality program
this filled to frank that he does is video podcast
right is that what it is
but you know what the things on youtube worries like that
hey we're gonna talk all about the things going on this michael felt that
it's like everything's like
super hip he's like
this guy is like the superman if it is
he did it
you just
and you can tell he's really intent on polishing his awfulness because it's
because it's a more and more awful because there's nine thousand edits in a
three-minute clip
like he can't say four words without having to cut
to a different take
always the worst and i think you're looking it's like
these things are getting like half a million hits
people are watching this stuff
but the thing is people are watching it but no one's paying for it
the day that this guy does something recharges for it
he's not going to get a second generate nine dollars
because it's a kind of thing where it's free
people but people like what he's doing because it's free
but i think people in offices watch watch this guy
yet the dark world he's like the edward are more of the church yet yes
you know what
i can tell you right now chris out
i don't know who the other four jerks on this list they're going to be
for the full-on fab five jerks
though locked up one of the five spots
up down left-right
every which way
filled afranco filly d
on this list. Oh, I watch that guy. That's actually one of those things. I almost can't
watch like, I can watch stuff that's so bad. It's good. And I watch it and I get. And I
get straight like I get strength from it. It encourages me. It's like if people are watching
this idiot, why, why, how can anyone can succeed in this world? Yeah, but I really cannot watch
this guy it's so painful
i feel the same way i think yeah i like that and i think i can watch maybe a
minute of them at most
the worst
filly d
well
anyway
thank you
uh... i think
back
fm you you're on the air
hey son jason josey
jason from jersey city top notch caller
my initials popular i couldn't get through i've spent like an hour on the
phone trying to
just a busy signal it is this is a hot show
does not like it this is not uh... it is not your uh... your your uncle's uh...
best show
i think uh...
new regime here
we get to go with hot calls hot topics
these four phone lines are burned up all the time
mike's out there working up a sweat
screen in the back and uh... five nights a week
I would go five nights a week.
Why don't I, you know what I should do?
I should go mornings at WFMU.
Get rid of, they get rid of J.M. in the A.M.
Best show, five mornings a week.
Boom, boom.
Just imagine that.
Wouldn't that be great?
Yeah.
You imagine what that'd be like?
It'd get me out of bed.
Exactly, get people up early.
Rise and shine with the best show.
Although the show within four days
would turn into every bad radio show.
I realized that it's like, oh wait a minute,
there's a reason why morning zoos are terrible.
It's because they have to do them five days a week.
Well, then you know what you do?
What's that?
You don't play in Jewish music.
Do a little bit of both.
Yeah.
Hold the old audience, bring in the new audience.
I can't believe you didn't, he'd follow that girl.
Which one, the David Lynch girl?
Yeah, Peter Feve, I came so close.
but i was i want to hear the story i want the story
you people get heave hoed a lot of times
when i know the story
she was still a mystery
so do you have someone for the list jason
i do from jersey city
i've had a lot of jokes tonight
i think you need someone i had up this team
some of the people the other jerks in line
pendula
that is a clap do you you
telling you
i think you just named one of the other five jerks on the list
he was on glenn beck tonight
what is that they were uh... and i think he didn't blow up
well that they would
they had him on the comment on the protest of smashing windows
because they were supposedly anarchists and i guess
a libertarian was as close as they could get
the comment on it
yeah libertarian
you know what you know i did you do make a make a uh... you know put a pull
scarf out of your sleeve
well sky is going to tell me how it goes he's a you know
you know to guess which card
i can get it to you of the uh... the the the king of diamonds
that's what this guy's doing
an illusion and allude yet the elude
you think the other one's a nice guy
do i think i think tell her is a nice guy i can tell he is
you don't know that i mean i would put money on it though because the other
guy is so unhinged
so unhinged
i think that i'm gonna read through this list now
we have
this is the for putting the fat five of jerks
chris angel zak breath jean simmons
super chef david cheng bill mar kevin smith danny a lot
joe frances danny bonnaducci
glenn beck jorge f will
andy runy james steven segull
john clod van dam steven king prince
frankson atra
dustin diamond
jim belushi filled to frank who is a lock for the fab five
he is in there
and pendulat who i'm close to making a lock
for the fab five
thank you jason
thank you very much have a good night
very well
so anyway
take a couple minute break here
reading this uh... magazine filter magazine
it's fine that they call filter magazine because apparently there is no
filter
on what this magazine will write about
on the cover here's the here's the teasers that little uh... banner up at
the top for who's in the issue
connor or burst is on the cover
uh... the guy from bright eyes
but these are the teases who's in the issue
wolf parade
Kevin Nealon, James, not James, not an article on James and his two pay collection, the
ban from the 80s or 90s, James, Billy Bob Thornton versus Chris Kristofferson, Damon
Allburn.
So I'm like, wait a minute, this sounds intriguing.
What magazine would write about Wolf Parade and Kevin Nealon?
I need to buy this.
So I'm rating this interview where they have a conversation with Billy Bob Thornton and
Chris Kristofferson and this is the most sickening interview I've ever read in
terms of these two guys these two guys and seeing who can flatter the other
one more it's like a race to see who can who can come up with the most
compliments like how did you guys first come to know each other's work Billy
Bob Thornton like my mom played silver tongue devil until I knew every word of
it. My favorite song that Chris is growing up was actually the pilgrim chapter 33. Then
he says here, I was asked recently to ask my top 10 favorite songs and two of them are
yours, Chris. I kind of cheated by putting Sunday morning coming down and pilgrim. Okay,
so two of his top 10 favorite songs, Chris Christoff. He's saying that for this interview.
And then Chris Christoff is like, that was a fan of yours. There was this sling blade.
To me, you're one of the major creative artists during my life span.
What?
Billy Bomb Thornton's one of the major creative artists, Chris Kristofferson's 90.
This guy's seen everyone come and go.
He could put Benny Goodman on that list if he wanted.
During his life span, he could like put Van Gogh on the list.
The guy who did Pushing Tin and Mr. Woodcock
is one of the top creative artists during his lifespan.
It's like, oh my God.
Well, thanks.
Billy Bob Thornton says,
then he's like, they talk, he's like,
you've always been, Billy Bob Thornton's like,
you've always been one of my favorite actors too.
Really, only a few people have had a music
or song-writing crews and a movie career that's viable
and uh...
then could then the chris is a chris christoff isn't like uh...
we don't go out of our kids because billy bob thorne has some atrocious band
that i guess
he's pretending that
he's really a musician the same way chris christoff isn't pretend he's an actor
you know where they're both just dabbling in the other world
it's like uh...
we don't go out and try to make big hit pop songs or do movies like that
not that we haven't every now and then you have to pay for the house
please someone name
name one quality movie billy bomb on the spot spot the guy
sling blade even though i think it's terrible
i will spot him sling blade
if in this world of this interview that's a quality movie
I'm gonna give you a sling blade, even though it's not.
It is.
Name one more thing that he did that's quality.
What, bad news bears?
How many how, like sometimes you gotta pay for the house
every night, you guys have done anything
that hasn't paid for the house.
What, Armageddon?
What music is vital to you guys today?
Um, Chris Kristofferson, to me, it's still the same old guys.
I'm kind of locked into Bob Dylan and John Prine, John Prine and singer, songwriters, Steven
Bruton and Donnie Fritz are both real good.
Billy Bob Thornton, you just gave my answer.
So that's how like Billy Bob Thornton is saying, you're so, you're so perfect.
You just gave my answer.
That's how I made like, so they're talking, they like the same guys, blah, blah, blah,
and like Billy Bob Thorne's like, I don't say it like Chris Kristofferson, Johnny Cash,
Willie Nelson, Whelan Jennings, and John Prine.
It always goes back to that as well as Roger Miller.
Chris Kristofferson says after Billy Bob Thorne mentions Chris, Roger Miller, Chris Kristofferson
then says, I was just thinking about Roger Miller before you said it.
So these two guys are it's a it's like a foot race who can who can out compliment the other guy
Then they're talking later in this thing
Yeah, yeah
How about sling blade?
Well, I wrote sling blade in nine days. Well, that's not surprising and it shows
Are you kidding me?
I guess that just proves what you were saying when you're not thinking it works great that one's timeless
It's right up there with the best of Bergman
Bergman there better be two Bergman's then
The best of Bergman I appreciate it that means a lot to me and it over that one means a lot to me and it always will I
Get asked if I get tired of people asking me to do the sling braid blade impression
would say no I don't get tired of that part of it. So this guy goes around and
does the sling blade like if I like meet Billy Bob Thornton he'll go like he'll
do that. Now I want to meet him. Now I actually want to meet Billy Bob Thornton
and get him to do this. You know what I actually saw and God help me on this one
because I was watching the special features on school for Skoundrel's DVD.
Don't ask me why I was watching the bonus features on the DVD for that thing. And I
got to a part when John Heater who was in the movie and Billy Bob Thornton are
both doing they're both talking and they did do if John John Heater and
Napoleon Dynamite started doing Napoleon Dynamite.
Gold bull bull
Yeah, and potatoes, man. Oh stop it you idiot
Like they were doing it like they were so pleased with each other with their one character
Nobody else is gonna do it now. This is not a sling blade talking. It's Chris Kristofferson
Nobody else is gonna do it, but I started out as just a songwriter. I
I didn't think I was going to be singing my own songs.
To me, it's always a pleasure when someone does one of my songs.
Because Billy Bob Thorne was talking about how he covered one of Chris Kristofferson's
songs.
Billy Bob Thorne says, we actually cut the pilgrim and we're going to put it on a record
at some point.
I was embarrassed to send it to you, but I did anyway.
I love when you cover my songs.
You can cover any of them.
I never had a song of mine that I'd like better than anybody else's version.
And can I just back up a second here?
The only thing Chris Christofferson has done in the last 25 years of any value
has been standing in the blade movies, throwing the sunglasses to Wesley Snipes.
It's your sunglasses, blade!
Get back to it!
Because in those movies, Blade would get knocked down and would be losing his powers because
his son...
I guess his son... like, his sunglasses tied into it somehow apparently.
So it'd be like, you go do it, you gotta do Blade.
And he would like throw the sunglasses from like a balcony and Wesley Snamps would like
day walkers going nuts
all their strengths
none of their weaknesses
that's like uh...
they had the guy at the uh... or the interviewer here asked what the legacy
what these guys want their legacy to be
for the final question
i'd like people to think i was a creative artist in a good human being
i feel like i've been
So blessed to have a whole life of doing what I love to do and making a living at it that in my family of the biggest blessings I got
Billy Bob Thorne you you took my answer again
So again
Every question
No one can and not it's like
Out of here. I'm done with it
Well, thank you like they they there it goes
FM you're on the air. Hey Tom. Hey, who's this? It's Colin Los Angeles. What do you
got for me? Jimmy for the jerk and five of jerks? Yeah, I'm gonna I'm gonna kind of
go out of a way out on a limb here cuz I don't have any proof that this person is
specifically a jerk themselves. They're pretty big fan base. Yes. But they seem
like they play a lot of jerky type characters. It's Bruce Campbell. It just
comes off like a real like he was placed at
a m like a pompous
like
jerk
and his characters or he's come off really i'm putting on the list i don't
know if he's a jerk either he might be might not make the cut but he's on
list right now
it's a fictional jerk you can call an imaginary jerk thank you calling
to a one two oh nine nine three six eight we got to uh... boogie through the
stuff here
fm you you're on the air
a tom this is uh... sunny from jerry city
sunny from jersey city
how's it going to go right how are you doing tonight
i'm all right uh...
how about phil specter man
that that guy's like murdering people can away with it
with it you know it's a little bit of a shoving guns and people's faces what
you know what i'm going to say about phil specter of course he's has a
horrible horrible person
yeah he goes beyond being a jerk
yeah he did exactly he's like he should be on that road he's bigger than a
jerk for this list you know yeah i get you super jerk super uh you should be
sitting there with that guy uh you know motors on death row and saying
quaint that guy you know it's uh yeah Gary I agree with you I agree thank you
you
oh boy what I gotta do here a couple more calls and then we will make way the
Evan Funk Davies extravaganza's it's on the way he's gonna exciting show plan
for you and i'll tell you about it a little bit
fm you you're on the air
eight on the martin and that isn't martin and that isn't quality caller
i'll make a quick uh... bill o'Reilly
i'm gonna say bill o'Reilly
too big
too big okay thanks
fm you you're on the air
hey tom danden hoboken
danden hoboken oh seven oh three oh
that's it
uh... i'm gonna say mike ransessa
but i'm gonna say especially since the
chris mad dog ruso break up
mike francesa
five
jerk
and i will say mike
mike associate producer mike had him on the list right off the bat
he's like the thing is after after ruso up he kind of needs something to argue
with so
he just yells at the guys in the studio and you know it's one of the situations
where he can say whatever he wants to them but he's such like a jerk that they
say anything back to him as they're off the air hoping for it and it is
Yeah, they're gonna get reprimand they get called on the carpet. Yeah, I gotta get the last few calls
But that's perfect. You you got one of the ones in the fab five. Thanks
FM you you're on the air
Hello, hello, hi
Hey, I think that you need a woman on your list. You want to know what there are no women on the jerk list
On the five-five jerks. Do you tell me I'm not the one making the calls?
We want me to do call. What do I fill Henry? So it's a call myself
We're a woman. Why can't a woman be on the name one? Whoopi Goldberg means whoopi
good now whoopi Goldberg just stinks. She's not art Evo. FM you you're on the
air. Hi Tom. Hi who's this? David Madison. David Madison. Give it to me real fast.
Who do you got? PJ O'Rourke. PJ O'Rourke. That's a good one. Thanks. Thanks buddy.
Final two calls. FMU you're on the air. Hey Rusty how are you?
Pretty good. What do you got for me? Ryan Seacrest. Ryan Seacrest like a kind of
slick slimy jerk. It's like Kato Kale and they got a job. You want to know it?
There you go. He is. Well done. Alright guys. Final call. FMU you're on the air.
Hey I don't want to pull a Billy Bob Thornton but that guy just took the
answer out of my mouth. But I have a runner up. Let's hear it. If he's on the list, I hope
not already. But Bob Saggot. Bob Saggot makes the list. You got it. Thank you. All right.
You got it. Final call of the show. Well done. Everybody go to friends of tom.com and you
can vote for who should be the mayor of Newbridge. Sign up. You're registered for the
every day
friends tom dot com the election ends early october
believe it's october third you vote every day and i'm gonna put these jerks up
that five jerks will vote on that too why not what is that votes going all the
time
let's just have votes
votes votes votes
sounds fun right you know
what's that
inter yes interactive
also trying to get the five thousand my space friends that's going now
uh... slow as can be
go to uh... my space dot com slash sharpling s e h a r p l a n g i had everyone now
there is no quality control
to who i had so
if you if you and if you write me you're in
oh this last calls and so
tempting fm you you're on the air
uh... you know josh from connie
what can i do for you
i got a woman who's a jerk you should add to your list
hillary clinton
hillary clinton yeah it's a good white white she a jerk
uh... she did she just seems like uh... when she's not on a camera she's
probably like a real bitch
yeah that's how they all are right
heave hoe
you monster
you know putting on list what was his name
somebody give me his name he's going on the list
evan funk davies will be coming up
in a matter of moments he's uh... got a very exciting show plan for you tonight
don't look forward to it
going to have tony pig is a special guest deejay tonight
they're going to be spinning their favorites from uh...
classic rock radio over the last twenty five plus years and give a lot of
exciting stories
on the behind the scenes
doing the uh... announcing for uh...
for prime for the regis and and uh...
kelly
ripper show time i have some bad news what's that
uh... tony pig had to cancel
uh... but jimmy fink is coming jimmy fink is going to go
i like it
this gets a scramble move i don't want to mislead anybody in the thing
So people can look forward to three hours of Jimmy Fink.
Can you slide the mic more?
Is there any way?
You make that?
It just drops on its own.
OK, thank you for all that.
Actually, it's your show now.
What am I doing?
WFMU, East Orange WXHD, Mount Hope, Worldline, World Wide Web,
WFMU.org.