F-R-E-E-E-O!
Hey, who's this?
Well, I am but a trail of governor of Alabama.
Hi, it's, uh, Gerald Perlmutter.
Tom Sharpling, governor of party.
Hey, Tom, it's Purple Tour.
Hey, Tom, it's Purple Tour.
Hey, Tom, it's Mark Michaels.
This is Richard Card, Richard Card.
What's your name?
Barry.
Barry.
And, well, what's inside the two?
By your reply.
Maurice Kurtz.
Horrifying.
Hey, Tom, it's Bruce.
Jeremy.
Who's this?
Hey, Tom.
Hey, Tom.
Who's this? Genji Vitus.
Yes, they have Rick Feloni at the wall. I guess who's what.
I hate you. It's Peter.
Hey, it's Steinberg.
Mm-hmm.
You are creepy and I'm hanging upon you.
Boing.
Roger Deppin.
My name is Ollie Fairnock.
I'll say it. You'll hear it.
You'll do it. I'll get it. You'll learn it.
I'll live with it and you'll die without it.
Smasher trash.
There's a constant call.
Good day.
What's up, Thomas?
Tristan.
Hey, it's Pishow.
Yeah, Thomas.
Jim Riffle, how you doing?
When I get to do the toilet talk now.
The vaudeville of the new century.
My name is Tom Riley.
I'm calling from New Zealand.
Hey, man, it's Bryce.
Hey, no, no, that's a tent pole.
It's a tent pole show.
Hey, this is Tedlia.
Whaaat?
This is Pete from the Future.
Hi, Tom, it's DJ Terry Chase.
Hey, from Knoxville.
Supercaller.
It's off the top.
My name is Mike Sajak.
Get off my phone.
I don't care.
Hey, this is it be 10, man.
I'm going to go to bed now.
I was in a band in the early 90s, money at Jerry Page.
Tom, why do you have this Jeffrey Ludell?
It's a fat, diseased, wilder ragged neck, isn't it?
The disenfranchised have a home now.
I'm the hero of the disenfranchised.
Don't shout, it's giving birth to smiles
I'm holding some water in the passion
Don't let me back you to the passion
Don't let me back you to the passion
Why do you stand back, back, back, back?
Let's show him to the police, oh, whoa!
We are the best in the past, y'all!
Our mothers and our fathers, they had lies to live.
All I am today is proof
that mistakes were made
is not a doubt
in my heart
the dawn, the best that they knew how
and there's still time
for us to make the grave
we got to learn
From the mistakes that were made in the past
We've got to clean so that we can use our minds
Cause it's important to get it together
That could give our hands together
Everybody's going to make it this time
Everybody's going to make it this time
Our country and our cities
They have been betrayed
For money
Oh and somehow
The people
They will make a change
Yeah, they're not a doubt
In my mind
If hunger and anger
Who plays the blame?
There won't be a country left to change
We've got to sleep
What we're doing
In the name of comfort
We've got to sleep
We've got to feel the morning sight
One in one, to give it, to give it
Got to get our hands together
Everybody's going to make it this time
Everybody's going to make it this time
Ahhhhhh!
We've got to learn from the mistakes that were made in the past We've got to clean it
so that we can use our minds as well But in order to get it together
Oh, we've got to get out, yeah, just to get out of here.
Everybody's fun to make it, it's time.
Everybody's fun to make it, it's time.
But it's harder to make that mistake
It's harder to make that mistake
I know
Everybody is going to make it
It's harder to make that mistake
I know
But it's harder to make that mistake
I know
I have to try to make youters, like
Tonight, I say to the people of America, to Democrats and Republicans and independents
across this great land, enough.
We are here because we love this country too much to let the next four years look just
like the last day.
On November 4th, we must stand up and say, let me you cheer if you love the last eight
yeah
sec
back against the wall and wall
so i'll be above We look forward to tomorrow
the projects filled with the mall
The ills of a mall by the wheels of a lotta
I feel what the song is a chance
A little bit of hope, a little bit of light
On this little piece of home that I own
So I was on the brand new month
And I'm out in the week
I have to say for the outcome
The outcome of the bill
I'm opening that show
We gave them a lot they can give us for
If George did good, then it's all but in gold
Wait he didn't, so the song for Obama promotion
All the commotion been lost, it's the dawn
While we're in another yard
Our apartment is tarnishing, taking it
I don't wanna say this, but it ain't just changing
But that was all baby, so maybe we can
I rock with Obama, yes we can
I rock with Obama, but I ain't no politician
I rock with Obama, yes we can
I rock with Obama, but I ain't no politician
I rock with Obama, yes we can
I rock with Obama, but I ain't no politician
Let me hear you cheer if you loved the last eight years
Also, they got mad when you bought a harpo
No, I mean Oprah, get that hobo
Put them all in line and sign them folks up
Show him that McCain ain't the only soldier
Show him what black love bein'
Show him how you love that woman and you hugin' kids
Show him how to fight with rock
C'mon
Cuz right in that gun is a crack cocaine is all we got
Deeched about Wall Street falling stocks down
Jones how homes get crushed on blocks
They try to spy on you, go in the trash pile
Man
Call you a terrorist and lie
Nah
And talk about problems with your pastor
To hack you back down in the last stunt
We not having an imagining
Joe Biden
Barack Obama the real maverick
He had the audacity to hold, all we gotta have is the capacity to vote
Rock with Obama, yes we can
Rock with Obama, but I ain't no politician
Rock with Obama, yes we can
Rock with Obama, but I ain't no politician
Rock with Obama, yes we can
Rock with Obama, but I ain't no politician
This is the worst thing that's happened since we're getting ready
Time for what's present to us
Since pop was love, I wonder where they feel this way
Cause we all waiting for change, change, change
It ain't about his race, it ain't about the race
It made the best person win and it just so happens
That the most qualified is a man with his skin tones
Just like mine, they don't know how to react
Cause it's only in the movies that we ever seen
A president who's black, like deep and packed
All the fifth fellow men, it must be Harrison
Just got blowin' up and I rap
We got the pen ticket to the facts
And the oil prices on that stack
The house foreclosures and unemployment rate
Great debate, democratic race, I'm so tired of the same
Same lines, same games and we don't really care
I rock with Obama, you should hit the pose and vote that I ain't anti-white, but baby I'm
pro-black, I'm a bishop and move to throwback, now picture Barack running with no track,
this is for him, hip-hop is behind him from bitty to jay, but really I gotta remind you
8, because the same's having sin, I think I'm ready to have a black dress again, I rock
with Obama, you should follow your boy footsteps, it's time to clean up the Georgia push mask,
It's time for our stash to throw We didn't about had it
It's time for a more democratic approach That'll thank me
The only person in the rap game voting for John McCain
It's Daddy Angie
Green I got you baby, it's crazy You know who I rock with baby
I rock with Obama, it's
I rock with Obama, but I ain't no politician I rock with Obama
I rock with Obama, but I ain't no politician I rock with Obama
I rock with Obama, but I ain't no politician
It's all the things that we get ready to have a black present.
Do you think America's really ready for a black present?
Tonight is the particular album.
Doesn't matter if you've got this magnet
Don't wanna take it I need
I'm gonna make this guy, please
But what's wrong with that
Mom, don't be upset
Don't look back and see what you need
Just another one of the games
Maybe another one from the magnet
Don't wanna make this country magnet
Don't wanna take it I need
I'm gonna make this hiding place
We're the best band in Bloomington
And our boys are the four
And service selection
We are the best band in Bloomington
We'll kill you for twenty times
And every last night
We're the Gizmo's a gun
And I told you so
We tried all the gizmo's away to all of us
You wouldn't know why I'm nothing to say
But any more drugs in a villain I shade
We're the best band in Bloomington
And our song of it, grab a song
We are the best band in Bloomington
Then we fire our drug on our courthouse pond
Where's that fan and it blew me just in place at hardcore cash?
We're all the best fan and it blew me just in the density goods, taking <E.D.> my <E.D.>
You are exits, quite a pain, wp and all sounds are same
Those of you who don't like my life
We're so sorry for wasting your time
We're the best fan of plumbing, yes
You don't need a minute, boys, you're not in it
We are the best fan of plumbing, yes
Hey, you guys, we're doing what I think
Glad to see you're bringing something to the table
Look, son. This is the big leagues. Yeah, you're barely T-ball level. You go up to the
plate of T-ball, the ball stands and on the stand for you. You just got to swing away.
You're hitting yourself in the head with the bat. You're T-ball junior. Get off my phone,
a little troll.
Don't wait until the jim jim jim
My show, W.S.B.U.
My show, W.S.B.U.
My show, W.S.B.U
My show, W.S.B.U
My show
The
personalities
of
my
own
But
the
lives
are
not
the
career
is
a
skill
of
my
own
adaptation
and
also
a
simple
but
the
Alright everybody!
Alright everybody.
Special WFMU back for another Tuesday night installment.
Three hours of earth music in mayhem.
I am your host for tonight's installment.
My name's Tom Sharpling.
I will be with you until 11pm.
Eastern Standard Time.
The phone number, 201-209-9368.
201-209-9368.
Good heavens, I see the line flashing already.
that a good sign mike
the usual
uh... boy we just heard from the appendix
rock from indiana
song called best band
from their uh... collection i want to kill my mom on the culture label
paying tribute to indiana
for coming through during the election
they get that sent their way
before that faith
from the faith void split
it's time
sending that to uh...
virginia area
the d c
areas and that out to uh... to uh... that david
on the discord label
before that
wet and we had a whale
rhyme fest
christina keg and royce five nine
all teaming up
on uh... the uh... the remix uh... black president part two
available on the uh... yes we can mix tape
put up by uh... d. j. green lantern in russell simmons and starting us off
the funkadelic
from their album america eats its young
we heard everybody
is going to make it this time
let's go to our politics uh... political hotline
fm you you're on the air
uh... com
how are you spike
oh i am pleased
you happy
i am please whoa what happened there
i have no idea what's going on here
well what did you think happened
uh... i i think that uh... person that's on the white house is trying to
with them into our call
you don't care
he's done
i don't know what that i don't know what that is right he's done
you hear that spike he's done
Anyway, I am pleased good as am I you know a bombing one and
Boy toy one is mayor
Not you know, you know Mike should have won
That's right Mike is still mad about that
He's not happy. He law. He came in second to
to to a
Philly boy Roy who was
The new mayor of New Bridge. Pretty weird, eh? Pretty, not nothing.
Evo! I got no time for this guy. This guy's busy listening to himself. Hey, it's low
energy this is not low energy time it's new day spike new days no time for low
energy don't think don't fly anymore spike just step it up who's good here
that's the one I'm waiting for let's go to our newsmaker line here over at
201-209-9368.
Hello?
Hello?
Hi.
Nathan?
Nathan.
That is Nathan.
On the line.
How are you, Nathan?
I'm good.
Welcome to the program.
Glad to be here.
I welcome you to the Newsmakers line.
Thanks.
Now you, Nathan, you are how old?
I'm 12.
12 years old?
Yeah.
Now why don't you tell everybody, Nathan, if there's all you live in, then what state?
Ohio.
In Ohio.
Yep.
A hotly contested swing state.
That's true.
Battleground.
Yep, we're not proud of it, but there it is.
But what did you do, Nathan, why don't you tell everybody you who cannot vote?
how you participated
in the two thousand eight election
what did you do
i can't control
you can get knocking on doors
knocking on doors
how many how many days did you do that
uh...
three or four days
you knocked on doors and how how how did that go
uh... it was
on every house in the new adventure i guess i mean
there's a month of time to but overall it's fun
tell me about an unpleasant time
well uh... there was this one morning madison bill and we've really picked
madison bill to be a really probe on the neighborhood to support
well a large percentage of populations african-american
but um... there's one woman who answered the door
and um... she was just like blatantly erased it she saw my obama biden pin
she said although she was going to vote for democrats down the ticket she
couldn't bear to bring herself to vote for someone
but when they're paying looks so much like or some of them on
it
so what did you do to her he smiled and said uh... thank you very much
for your time madam
yeah on the outside
but in the inside you were seething with rage weren't you
yeah what i was making a plan
What kind of plan?
If you were conspicuously dying the next few days,
it don't play me.
A little bully.
I don't like the turn this just took.
Well, I took it personally.
There's not the kind of hooliganism we need.
No, no, it's not.
I guess I might have to take this.
I was going to give you an award.
now with this, uh, he just put a damper on the whole thing.
Oh, brother.
I feel bad now.
I was going to declare you the hero of the election.
Mean you can't still.
Now with this weird death threats.
Oh, man, you're like a hudlum.
I haven't known to wear a hooded sweatshirt occasionally.
So you are literally a hudlum.
Yep.
I don't like this.
Did you go out for Halloween this year?
Uh, no, I stayed home and gave out candy.
Hmm.
Big boy, huh?
Fully grown.
No more trick-or-treating for you.
Uh, no, not really.
Should I still give him the award, Mike?
All right, I'll still give you the award, Nathan.
Woohoo.
well that sounded sarcastic
yeah i don't know if i want to give you the award now
i had it i was ready to hand it back over
the fact that there's a young man twelve years old
who went door to door
ring and doorbells campaigning for uh... for a president can vote for you
this guy's not impacted by whose president
well i'm i might not be able to vote that doesn't mean i'm not impacted by it
trust me you're not impacted by it
you're twelve
and i think that it will make a difference me what's this guy get what
what what the president to give out uh...
free uh... grant that thought out
no but he's going to leave me left with a mess clean up when i get older
that's a good point
getting shut down by this guy
mike wants to know how i heard about you i choose not answer that on the air
well what is this carol or what is this chris matthews show
mike's put me on the hot seat
i gotta tell you about mike you know this guy mike
i've heard of mike he came in second in the may open it or election right he did
he did
mike and all of this mike
mike was bragging to me all about how we how we voted
for obama
right
right bragging all about it and then
he admits today
he made a mistake he thought
obama was allen keys
he voted for allen keys
first of all it's kind of racist
secondly it's kind of just we i don't know how how would you even vote for him
and make that mistake
i i can't quite comprehend that either i mean i've never voted but you just like
punched little hole in the ballot right not that that complicated
punch a hole in the ballot
i mean like um... whatever you do this is
you go in the thing you press a button
i didn't know that
lights up
all right i'll give you the award still
nathan
for your uh... for your efforts
In the 2008 election, campaigning door to door, I'm still going to name you the best
show hero of the election.
honors have you received already
absolutely not
like a politician
you say something and there's nothing that you just uh...
you just you just fit
of all the auditions
of my practicing my smirk
what's that
i think the competition from already practicing my smirk
you're practicing your smirk already
yet a little efficient
qualification to be a politician right
maybe come out here you run for uh...
uh... position in jersey city
councilman
i'd like to run for mayor of new bridge next election
while you're already throwing your your hat in the ring
uh...
it might be a little premature but yeah
this is why i say to you nathan thank you for calling congratulations and
good work on all on all your efforts
you do me a big favor
that depends
they get off my phone
they get off my phone
i've always wanted to turn off the best show phone
i don't say is the problem is i don't say that anymore
you don't
that's a bit of a let down
you know these days and that's saying he'll
How about that Congressman in Jersey City with Councilman at Maniac?
I don't want to talk about that.
That wacko.
First of all, a guy said a Grateful Dead cover band.
Right there, he should get kicked out of office, that should have been the thing he
was ashamed about
yet he goes did he goes to the nine thirty club to watch uh...
grateful dead tribute band
who's on to mike
fm you you're on the air
hey tom it's like a man and how you doing
doing all right mike in manhattan uh... what what uh... what what can i do for
you tonight
oh i just wanted to call and ask if you got up any uh... post-election day
celebration last week it was uh... pretty
pretty uh... emotional night
was a very emotional night
i uh... i remember uh... way back when your uh... summation of the last
super bowl where you said the uh...
you know the good guys want the bad guys i think that was pretty appropriate for
uh... last year
uh... that's right the good guys did win
we did it
we all did it
Bad guys are out the door now.
Soon enough, right?
Yeah?
Yeah, boy.
I don't like where this show's going.
This one's flatlining.
Got Spike.
Spike's got his staring out the window, half paying attention.
Got that kid calling up, taunting me, lying.
he's a makin some of the old threats
they got this guy
of brother
fm you you're on the air
a tom satin for a while
and from ohio how are you tonight adam
i'm i'm great
just great bag
bad guys with
good guys win
that's right bad guys lose good guys win we did it
we did do it
ohio did it
ohio did good that i came through
but i thought i figured we would i i felt like we would we did it
you had the feeling
Cincinnati and call it before it happened but but i had a feeling
she did call it before and i she she
uh... jewellery from Cincinnati and and and nate silver
where they were the two uh... the two earliest people to call the election
uh... well actually i actually called the talk about it was is nate the nate
over the name of the kid who just called in
okay well did the kid who just called and i just i'm from ohio myself
and uh... and it's a he said he was from ohio as well and uh... i i
he felt like he has quite a smirk on him i'm i'm already going to say i'm
voting for him for senator of ohio
you would vote for that kid already
i think he found like he's got he's got quite a smirk on him
alright well look for his name on the next ballot
i'll keep an eye out
be running on the uh...
the uh...
my dad's got a garage full of uh...
both echo records party
have familiar on the air
i promise that you from green point
Matthew from green point quality caller how are you tonight
all right thanks a lot
i'm doing well i don't know what now this is the wrong person i'm sorry this
somebody different i thought
i'm killed
i'm kidding
got you
well what can i do for you night young man
so um
you probably don't want to spend the whole show talking about the election but
um
i spoke to you last week and you asked work what do i think is going to happen to
the king and peeling and all that
and i didn't think about it all week
yeah and and i think it was might be as i thought maybe stir up healing
would be a judge
unlike so you want to be a governor
you mean like literally maybe the state of alaska is a less even technically a
state
i think they're a territory state in quotes
there i think they're a commonwealth
good thing this thing was getting to me
she's talking all about
yeah you go to this part of the virginia is not real america
guess what
alaska that's real america
what is that place
uh... nice flow
that's a stop moving
uh... weirdo bad that's as weird as it gets out there
racers like eighteen guys to every one woman
it's dark all the time everyone
that one
that in the press
shooting things
out here you got a dog and uh... dog that you got a dog is uh...
it goes and then fetches your slippers
out there you did you drive your dog to the store
uh...
that's not america
that's not even Mexico
so well what's going on uh... anything else
now um...
i just always associate uh...
election of a rock obama with listening to your show
and uh...
cherish it good
hand-in-hand champions alike
tom bomber
you heard it
it's over
what i said he've ho
cheaper scrapers
everybody blow their hearing out last Tuesday
uh... boy
if i'm you you're on the air
it's on the street from we're talking
frank from we're talking
how do you know tonight
How are you tonight?
Oh, I'm excellent.
Excellent.
Just having an extended weekend, getting back to work tomorrow.
I had a quick question for you.
Yes.
I know how you're jealous of everybody with these book deals, and Artie Lang from the
Howard Cerencher's book came out today.
I was wondering if you're a bit jealous that they had, he's just coming out.
I know you still are waiting to get your deal.
Yeah, this guy's got a book come out.
This guy's got a book out, Artie Lang 1, Tom 0.
He had to line around the block and that Barnes and Noble are here today for the signing.
What am I gonna do here?
What am I gonna do you got to get a better publicist man? You should have two books out already. I should
Sick yeah, it is repulsive. Would you buy my book Frank? I would pre-order on Amazon before it's out
I'll set it for now
Really like the word sit the word for it. I'm sorry on the you would buy a book called on the air with Tom Sharpling
And I'd have a sign that I'd mail it in to get signed, but then I don't want to
probably meet people in public that call in, so I'd probably just mail it in and
ask you to sign it. What if I wrote a book like like one of those books that
like first ladies write like from the point of view of a dog? Would there be
pictures? Yeah it'd be like a point of view it'd be like from like dog mo. The
adventures of dog mo you talking along the lines of? Yeah I mean it'd be a
kind of book i could write on my drive home
i mean if you if it's well where did i wouldn't see why not why would it be
purchasing it
and you know i'm just trying to support the cause
thanks frank i appreciate it you have a good night
two oh one two oh nine nine three six eight
shows that the dud
shows a straight-up dud
forty three minutes and i have yet to get one good call
i gave out an award uh... to for uh... for this kid for the election i feel like
taking it back
a little wise and haimer
noticed uh... felt like i was talking to uh... drug
talking about murdering an old lady
just because you don't know that she don't vote the way he wants
Now I just put a topic on the table.
And by the way, I will announce now, November 25th, tune into the best show on WFMU to hear.
That's right, live in studio.
That's right, John Hodgman, author John Hodgman.
You knew who that is, from the Mac PC commercials, and he's got a new book out called More Information.
What's called More Information Than You Need?
think that's what it's called
tell all your nerdy friends
we need all the nerds out on that one
Let's put up a topic.
More information than you require is what the name of the book is.
Sorry.
So anyway.
Here's the topic.
You ready for this one, Mike?
This one's a positive topic because I hear all this feedback on the show.
People think I'm mr. Negative
What's Tom gonna complain about next
Said really what the show is
Let me tell you something first of all as the as the the administrator of the friends of Tom board
I keep getting all of a sudden. There's an amazing spike in activity of people signing up to join the board and
The problem is they are all I'm almost positive
They are all completely fraudulent they're all gmail
And the names make no sense that people want to want as a as accounts
I was getting all these ones I got I got one that had something at Viya USA Viagra.com
it's like what? USA Viagra.com. That's what I'm dealing with here. I don't want anybody
who actually works for USA Viagra.com being a part of the message board over at friends
of tom.com don't you know so people oh he complains about this oh he complains
about that you know what put a positive topic on the table right now you're
ready for this one Mike you've got a you've got a ray gun you can shrink one
person down. Who is the person that you choose to shrink down? 201-209-9368. Who
do you use your shrink ray on? No, that is not the topic. That doesn't make
sense. That topic would be nuts. If that was an actual topic.
the topic is
tied into what went on last week
the election of uh... barack obama
If you think about all the things that you thought would happen in your lifetime, and
I got to say America electing someone of color, way down the list, I said not in my lifetime,
that actually jumped the line
jetpacks was supposed to come first
i was sworn we would have seen jetpacks first
personalized jetpacks
chips in your head
to play movies
on your eyes
would assume that would come first before uh... black president
So you know what, it happened.
Tonight's topic is, not in this lifetime, so name the things, two sides of the coin
on this one, either of the things that you never thought you would see in this lifetime
that have happened, or the things you still think you will not see in your lifetime, what
are they?
two oh one two oh nine nine three six eight
this topic in the attraction mike
possibly
boy
by doing here
and then you you're on the air
hello com how are you uh... spike
okay
thank you for the one that the law that no bomber
uh... being president company coming president rather yes
uh... one thing i never thought i would love to see
happened in my lifetime is that you can download uh... music right from the
computer
i never thought that would ever happen
no one ever dreamed that that would ever happen in somebody's lifetime
that's a good good heavens good heavens
i'm going to actually have to say
that's a great
call spike
you you did a good job with this one
you're right on the money
i didn't think i'd see that my lifetime either
the idea you go on your a computer
twenty-something years ago people on their computer
they're loading everything into a cassette tape
so they can have build a video game that moves a dot around the screen
but now
you jump twenty-something years in the future
everybody gets what they want snap your fingers and you can get it on your
computer you know you don't even leave your house
right i mean like for example like
sometimes i don't call out
i don't want to hear what you download
well you know what i don't know because i'm not going to be guilty by association
with what you download i can't know these things
well anyway the point is yes
no one ever thought that whatever happened where you can download a song or
whole album or a book and audio book
spike i gotta say
you did it thank you for that's perfect thank you for the call
fm you you're on the air
i hate comments can
can from
from since an adi from since an adi how are you can't get it
so i've never thought i'd hear my own son get the uh... best caller of uh...
w f m u award
but he didn't get best caller w fm you
would you give him some kind of work and award for helping for the two thousand
eight election
all right without a word i did something i never thought it has called
and something i never thought will happen i never think i'll get all this
but i got records out of my garage trust me
your son ain't gonna ever get best caller uh... no offense
he did a fine job for twelve-year-old
yeah he's these miles away from best caller of w f m u
i didn't know i didn't know what award you didn't want to know what the name of
the award you gave
best show hero of the two thousand eight election
alright well that will take it
and you were you were campaigning with your son
yeah uh... i did a lot of stuff we went all around since an adi for
about a week and a half before the election trying to
get people out and then uh...
and then on election day i was also working inside the polls
you're working in the polls you mean that making sure there is no cheating
going on
yeah that's what i did on election day i think you actually had a
at my all-time lifetime record for waking up early
uh... to be up at four a.m.
get in there uh... by uh... about five thirty
like to make sure they're not shenanigans even before they opened and then
i had to stay in there all day and uh...
make sure that everybody got to vote
so what are you trying to lobby to take the award from your kid
yeah i should have been me
you did it did you do so when did you think ohio was going to flip
well you know i was really nervous the whole time you know because uh...
we live in the city of symphony and it was
starting to flip and symphony for republican city and it was starting to
flip though
that looks good but uh...
you know on the other hand if you drive
twenty thirty miles outside of symphony
you'll still get the area for every voter voter for mccain so
you know that it was hard to know i mean it was really going to depend on
turnout but when i
i thought a lot of people one thing that would be good with we have early
voting here and if you go down to the board of elections uh... in in alan
county like any time in the week or two before the election people be
lining up for two three hours to vote you know weeks in advance so that made me
think we're going to get a good good turnout and it could flip
i love it when you did your part
very exciting
so you think in my lifetime i'll ever get all those uh... bodeco records out of
my garage definitely not
i don't know if i'm looking i'll never live to see in my life of junk you put
out yeah i know this guy
this guy you want to know half of what's wrong with the environment came out of
this guy's uh...
decision-making
both deco records
the one one king kong single too many
what's the worst seller you put out
babble dance band
uh... that could be the worst seller uh... or or yeah that's probably that
maybe maybe we're tall
phantom toll booth
well i can't i don't i don't have to take the blame for phantom toll booth
for their live e p
and i guess i think that came out of my watch but it wasn't my idea
so you're the year that you're not going to take credit on your watch
you've got to take credit for it
it was already at the pressing plant before i was in charge
then you should have worked at harder made people want it
yeah i guess i will
you think that would work
i loved
phantom toll booth
but
live e p i don't know if the world was uh...
clamoring
for that live phantom tobe with e p but you think maybe the weird poll record
that was a definitely on your watch
yet that would be a bad that's all that may be uh...
could be that could be that one day and then you should have brought that
guy uh... to the to the polls to drive fit you should have got that guy to drive
people to the polls just out of their houses
you're actually here to the daddy on election day
because they were expecting long lines and they're afraid people would say on
the polls on the line
like jz and beyond say and
mary j blige and
all these people came to town
just to like entertain people online while they were waiting to vote so they
wouldn't leave the line
so you were going to try to get weird paul to do this and i think it would
call in on that too
that'd be you know what i wouldn't want to live in a world
where where that flew
but uh... but we uh... but he was needed in pennsylvania in his home in
his home state of pennsylvania swing state
that's right
it was only a swing state of mccain mccain's mind yes he was like
he was trying to say it was getting competitive it was as and that is so
not competitive
was ridiculous he needed it to be competitive
i think he uh... right i think it it ended up being about the same as
new jersey which nobody ever said was competitive but uh... yes mccain would
admitted that he'd already lost pennsylvania then people would have
settled in then you've already lost the whole
they could never admit it this guy admitted he lost the election when he
showed up on s and l that uh...
two days before the election
selling pork knives that do in comedy routines
yet to wage it was he going to go do sus guahana had company
next
guys out there supposed to be after trying to tell voters he's going to fix the
country
he's on the doing that skits
i was afraid for the boy roy was going to vote for uh... frank rizzo or
something and you know
too many too many frank rizzo votes could have uh...
don't that don't have a lot
i think he'd just probably voted for mccain
yet
you think they'll avoid that
um... i'm sure he did
yeah
all right ken
thank you for the call
your demand to make sure it's not done
i'm going to introduce you formally for people who want to know who you are
is that a right yet that's fine
ken katkin the brain trust
behind the uh... the uh... trash flow record label
and the uh... the inheritor
slash uh... a mastermind of homestead
two-point oh
that's uh... that that that's true guilty of charge
you have a great night
fm you you're on the air
uh... this map from north hampton
uh... this is matt from north hampton match from north hampton how are you
tonight matt
I'm good.
I actually wanted to jump back to the question
that you had presented previously of who you'd
like to hit with a shrink ray.
OK.
And I was thinking that it might be interesting to actually
hit you with a shrink ray.
And hear me out on this one.
I think you have an excellent radio voice.
But I think there's an under-representation
of those uh... in sort of like the high-pitched range on the radio
and uh... by hitting you with a shrink rate
i think that um... you know obviously your your your voice would probably get
into the the helium register
uh...
and and that might be sort of really is really what we're going to talk about
with this really
yeah yeah i i mean the the other things you know
nice
but he've ho
that's doing his own little comedy routine
uh... boy i gotta get out of here
i do not know why bother coming in tonight
fm you're on the air
he's on
uh... who's this
uh... this is for us and manhattan
quality caller forest how are you tonight
i'm great are you doing
uh... i'm doing okay
uh...
I'm afraid to even attempt to follow that last call, but I will try, I've got one for
the topic.
God help me.
The best call of the night has been Spike.
And God help me.
The second best call of the night was probably Spike.
Wow.
Imagine that in the Olympic circle.
Well, you still got a good bit of time to go tonight.
You still got two hours.
So maybe we can turn it around here.
I hope we can.
Let's hear it.
Let's hear it for us.
In as far as things that I never thought I would see in my lifetime, I would have to
say the first thing that comes to my mind is the release of Chinese democracy.
Oh, that's very true.
The Guns N' Roses album Chinese Democracy, which comes out in like two weeks.
Something like that.
this month. I'm not really looking forward to it, but I must admit that I am morbidly
curious about it.
Now does everybody get a free can of Dr. Pepper?
Yeah, I don't know what ever happened with that.
I wonder if somebody at the Dr. Pepper office is just terrified now. Because they were like,
hey, you know what would be funny? Let's just say we'll give a free can of Dr. Pepper to
everybody in america
when chinese democracy comes out if it comes out this year
hahaha
and also it's like
it's coming out
oh no
how do we how do we distribute these cans
how do we make sure everybody gets it it's like
what are they going to do
give out a hundred million cans of dr pepper
i don't know i don't know if it's legally binding if they are i'm
definitely going to get my can
says here i just checked doctor pepper to make good
on its chinese democracy promise
wow many plans to issue free soda coupons
but will not give details until the record uh... until the record comes out
good for them they're a corporation of their word i guess
they'll probably make it a thing where it's like uh... yeah you get your free
can of doctor pepper
on uh... december twenty-fifth
at uh... six p m to seven p m
and it's like a six ounce can
yeah just go to get your special three ounce can of doctor pepper
what's that mike
doctor pepper <E.D.>
i don't know i gotta
i gotta get someone new in there
i'm telling you
mike has the same
i think losing this election
fried his brain
He has not made sense once tonight.
Either he's putting me on the hot seat,
asking me questions, he's yelling weird.
I relayed that.
I'm telling you, that was one of the choice things.
That's the best thing he said all night.
For me to relay, you should hear the things
that I do not convey over the air.
It's like I'm stuck with an alternate universe,
Jackie the joke man.
yelling things out they said but he's yelling for a different show
in somewhat world
mike is supposed to be
the guy in the studio
yelling things out it's making perfect sense for another radio show
not this one
thank you for
thanks on you have a good night
fm you you're on the air
uh... bill from brooklyn
bill from brooklyn what part of brooklyn
uh... red hook
red hook
nice area that's god's country out there
yeah absolutely
little nautical
little nautical
untainted by mass transportation
he actually had a hook
we dare you we dare you to put in a something
is that the motto of red hook we dare you to put in a subway line
that's on the t-shirt
what can i do for you tonight but i've got two actually i realized that
I never thought I'd see the data
because the topic is
not in this lifetime
I got to the
I never thought I'd see our greatest city in New Orleans reduced to a third world country
you never thought you'd see the mighty city of New Orleans
crushed
doused
and I never thought that I would see the George Lucas franchise turning to total <E.D.>
that's true
it breaks my heart both of those
did the star wars one really breaks your heart how old are you
over you over eleven thirty seven
time to move on
uh... seriously
uh... i'm i'm a man to wake up a moment
i have a well what do you know what do you lament
i have a nine-year-old friend
who uh...
thinks that what is that return of the city is the best our wars movie ever and
that
that hurts
good for him
he might be right
all those movies stink
I'm serious all six of those movies stink to just varying degrees and you
went into all the young <E.D.> what were you involved I know I loved I loved Star
Wars more than anybody but I'll tell you they stink go watch him again they're
terrible bad acting dumb plots my my life is good I'm alive is there you're
telling me I'm saying you're you're maybe putting a little too much on on
something that stinks
speaking of which i don't know if you're curious about john hodgman
i don't get that cat at all i have his book and uh...
i think that's why i would shrink the rega
yeah well maybe you'd get it if he wore a uh... stormtrooper helmet
maybe understand it then
right i'll have to put it on it's for grown-ups with john hodgman does is
for grown-ups
seriously
i'm so i'm not kidding
how much time or a month you spend
thinking about star wars
uh... well
you know i would say
the past
five minutes it actually
called me
but i spent even less time on job management
you can you explain it to me i don't get it
i don't get it if you
if you suppose to be uber ironic if you just how much time did you spend how
much time have you spent on trying to figure
him out
john hodgman what uh...
cluelessly staring at his commercials reading maybe the first fifteen to twenty
pages of his newest book
which someone got me and i just i just put down because i wasn't laughing which i
thought that was the goal
no i don't like you
i don't like you at all
fm you you're on the air
this is p from uh... bloomfield
from bloomfield what's going on tonight
uh... nothing i was just thinking about your topic and uh...
things that we will never see
in this lifetime yes
flying skateboards
like back to the future too
yeah they were promised
they were promised to us actually no one promised them to us
well they had him in that movie yeah they they had him in the movie
that didn't mean there was a commitment
made by anybody
but you can
you can do all sorts of your internet
things
is it god's ill supposed to show up
but not flying skateboards come on
what's next is that anybody promised a giant lizard would attack uh...
because they made a godzilla movie
another thing
foreign dinosaurs
i got no time for this
is a disaster
Is this what the Obama administration is going to be like?
FMU, you're on the air.
I'm good at foosball.
I like a single goalie game, though, not the three goalie.
That's me.
You all right?
Doing a little soundboard thing of me?
You have a great evening.
Well, that's a very successful soundboard.
Said something about foosball out of context.
then another thing and then said goodbye
here on w f m u east orange wx h d mount hope for one world wide web w f m u dot
o r g this is based on w f m u
two hours to go that's right
hours to go
two oh one two oh nine
nine three six eight is the number of the topic is
not in this lifetime
fm you you're on the air
a tom how's it going
that's going great
uh... alvaro and glenn mill
who
alvaro and glenn mill
how are you tonight alvaro
doing great
uh... i just want to say i've been listening to the last couple of so the
podcast i thought they've been
the best episodes probably that i've heard
all your sweet to say that i appreciate that people
people can subscribe to the podcast to go over to uh... you get it on itunes
where you go to w f m u dot o r g pick it up
so tom yes john hodgman guy not john hodgman
but the guy yelling about john hodgman
first off i mean he's a guest on your show so clearly you like him
seems like something that the guy should have
thought about before
picking up the phone
but his book is
hope ridiculously funny
the cover itself is ridiculously funny
that's funny
there's what he's doing exactly
and and he but the guy specifically mentioned his commercials
break
i thought commercials didn't think they're fine
the government that the job
like that's not
i got to write those commercials first of all those commercials are funny
they're there
but that's not but i mean it
like i read fifteen pages of his book it's a long book
you've been put on a little more than that
sky's too busy uh... this guy's too busy uh... wishing he was uh...
uh... on on on off
running around in a uh... at at what at warrior machine whatever was all doing
killing some kind of banter
star wearing wearing it as a suit seriously
i want to say this now
the new era right now we got a new president
all you guys out there
and yes i can say guys on this one
put the star wars stuff away
it's time
time to grow up
we've got a grown-up president right now let's all grow up together
and put that stuff on on the curb
throw it out now you know what that's the stuff that your parents would have
thrown out on you
you're not the age of your parents and you're the one collecting it
yeah it's a long time ago
this movie came out a long time ago
even the new one
people got a stop yet the new ones
the new one came out quite a while ago well i mean that the animated and they're all
bad they're all bad
sure they're fun you may have fun watching them but they're garbage
it's fun garbage
you see some kids very excited about star wars got these guys talking about it
like it's art
somehow
keep in track of the at the at the at the uh...
the rules of the galaxy
you get your head examined
because god forbid you change something
god forbid you do something in your own life
thanks for the call buddy
araban
sick of it
say i'm trying to talk about positive stuff
and now i'm doing is talking about star wars
FMU, you're on the air.
Hey, Tom, it's Charlie in Seattle.
Charlie in Seattle, how are you tonight?
I'm doing pretty well.
I got a couple things for the topic.
I got one that I don't think I'll ever see and one that I never thought I would see.
What is it?
Well, I don't think I'll ever see the rest of the Sin City movies that Robert Rodriguez
said he was going to make after the first one.
You mean he'll never get around to making them?
I don't think he'll get the green light for all of them.
I remember when he did that he was like I'm just gonna make them all into movies
all the books that that Frank Miller made there's gonna be about 7th and
City movies yeah and you and you you want to see them no I don't I just don't I
don't I think it was a bold claim on his part which will never see the light
of day telling you I saw the trailer for that thing the spirit what a heap of
garbage that looks like I didn't see it that's gonna flame out hard yeah and
his time it seems like it should have come
i never thought i'd be rather a rega to have a career that went this long
in my life
as a guy's a guy's uh... garbage mister
he shovels garbage
and people pay for it
the garbage mister
and you know what i never thought i'd be in my life what's that
uh... sham while
chamois chamois on tv
that's i've seen that
that is pretty impressive
i'm going to return
that was a break that thing is a breakthrough
scientifically that thing can do just about anything
it's more useful than chinese democracy the album
and they give you so much when you buy one
it's like nineteen ninety nine you get so much stuff
washer car with it everything
You wanna know what?
You are a good caller.
Thank you, Tyler, I appreciate it.
Thank you.
I'll do it later.
You have a good night.
All right.
I'm telling you, I saw this trailer
for this thing, The Spirit, directed by Frank Miller.
First of all, what's this guy scared
of shooting a thing in color?
These guys, everything's in black and white,
but then they color in one thing.
Yeah, it looks just like the comic book.
You know what?
I'm watching a movie.
How would you make it look like a great movie?
Not like a comic book.
And again, I've said this so many times.
I'll say it again now.
I don't care how cheap these guys make these things for.
Still cost me 11 bucks to get in
Just cuz Robert Rodriguez shoots something on an Austin soundstage, he's not passing that savings along to me
Yeah, I'd like to I'd like to go see
To go see a Nick and Nora's infinite playlist. Well, that'd be eleven fifty. I'd like to go see the new Robert Rodriguez movie
That'll be 325. He brought that one in under budget and he passed the savings on to you. No, I
Don't get it. I don't get a piece of the pie
So stop a
scrimping and saving
Put the money on the screen cheapo FM you you're on the air. It's on Frank when we hawking again
What's up, Frank? I wanted to add to the topic about two things. Maybe I was writing down
I've been working on a list and they've been going through people been saying the other things I've been writing down
So I got like two here. I was gonna just chime in with the first one
I never thought to the end of like the music industry like what's been coming out lately
It's just garbage and no one's buying it because and everyone blames music downloads
But it's really that it's just it's bad music and no one seems to accept that fact anymore. It seems to be
the end of an era
hmm interesting point and then the second one I was having on here let me
just find it click over to it is a how you know it's a topic of that's very
sore with you I know it's sore with me as well is that people getting paid
professionally to play video games when I when I started playing you know I
got to hang up I'm getting called sorry Tom have a good night oh boy what is
going on here. We got to get our heads in the game people. This post election hangover.
Guys taking other calls. First of all, he called back again. He called back. He had
nothing to say and then he's going to rush me off the phone. Oh man. The topic is not
in this lifetime. What are the things you thought you would never see in this lifetime
but you have or the things you still think you will never see
two oh one two oh nine
nine three six eight fm you you're on the air
hi tom
hi who's this
this is erica from balsamorca
power caller
how are you erica i'm good i'm excellent
actually good
the election with a happy happy time yes it was
uh... but my my top my thing for the topic isn't so positive
but i actually said argue with people that you know we just
It wouldn't happen and that's anything even remotely close to the great depression and
Nothing is happening, but there are even just the fact that they're even talking about it on TV. Yes
About bad times ahead. You think the times could get worse
Then you ever thought you'd see well
Just the banks failing like this the idea of banks failing on that massive a scale and that much of a drop in the stock market like a crash
I just
You know, it seemed so far off like they would talk about it in history, but not not now. That's a good point Erica
I was wrong
Mom, let's hope you're let's hope you are uh, let's hope you were proven right. Yes, so be good
Anything else? No, that's it
See, this is what a quality caller does calls up makes the point is nice concise brings it
it says I'm done moves on. Thank you Erica. You're welcome.
You're a great night. All right.
FM you you're on the air. Hey Tom it's Mike Manhattan again. Mike in Manhattan again.
Yep I got something for the topic. What is it? It's a recent addition to my list because
I just found out about it like a month ago but I don't think I'll live to see the release
of Brian Wilson's Pleasure Island. Oh that's the that's that crazy album I talked about
a few weeks ago yeah oh my god i read the article and it was like
uh... i don't think we'll uh... you know i think it's best i don't
i don't see it in this lifetime
i hope so much that we see that album
the one where it's the about a or like guys going on like a mountain climbing
thing and ending up on an island
inhabited by women was that what it was it was something i was in sync right
yeah i i i'm i'm just hoping like
if it does come out at least in twenty years we'll leave get like a good
Broadway musical out of it
like something really weird
i pray that that one comes out
i pray
all right all that's all i had
thank you
if i'm you you're on the air
eight on it's mike from home with Illinois
from where
home with Illinois little town outside of chicago how are you tonight young man
just peachy
uh... something that's it's way too late to stop this and i'd you know i don't
think we're ever going to see an end to it i mean i hope we do but
i think uh... cartoon names you know the people that are given their names
card
the their kids they're disrespecting their kids with cartoon names like
toyota and my lanta and gondola
stuff like that you know it's i think it's just gonna reach new levels of
that sort of the
you know we're going to be seen names that are like
like twenty five names long i think
toyota where who who do you know named toyota
you look in the census records i'd dare you
and you will i mean i'm i'm scared to look myself
but you know you know you've literally seen toyota doesn't say that it's a
short step for mercedes you've never seen toyota as a name
All right, maybe, but it's going to happen.
Eve Ho.
Guy making his weird paranoid fantasies.
Oh, boy.
Zosting.
Am I doing something wrong?
I don't think I am.
If I'm you, you're on the air.
Hi, Tom.
Hi, who's this?
It's Emma from Toronto.
Quality caller is going to turn it around.
Uh-oh.
don't say that how are you mama
okay how are you i'm doing okay
that's good
uh...
that last guy found in a little bit um...
he found it kind of like the shopping for a coffin guy
i was a little i was concerned
that's a good point there was a little bit of that of that in his voice
uh... and the other thing that i i looked up while i was on hold
um... before i'm sorry before i get to the topic
um... i found i found that quote
uh... about pleasure island
what it would you care to read it to us
i'm working on a new album now it's called pleasure island a rock fantasy
it's about some guys who took a hike and they found pleasure island and they
met all kinds of chicks and they went on rides and it's just a concept
well i think i think if we all put our heads together
and wish
hard enough
maybe that album will uh... will uh... will uh... come together
I am exactly right on the same page as you, with that word.
I'm so excited about that.
Please, Brian Wilson, record Pleasure Island.
Yes.
So anyway, I had something for the topic.
Let's hear it.
I was walking down the street the other day,
and I saw a young street.
Pardon?
Young street?
It was not young street, as a matter of fact.
It was some other street entirely
that i don't remember
can sington
that's that's a market not a st
you know
i'm sorry
and i mean to get that no no no no you go ahead
uh...
i thought uh... like a bus shelter and i was kind of glancing at it
all of a sudden completely out of nowhere it like
the ad i don't even know how to describe it it kind of rolled up
backwards and another ad took its place
like in the bus shelter it's like it's like some kind of weird electronic
bus shelter ad device like it was spooling through a different ad
yeah and i had i had never seen that before and i literally
i'd never thought i would be that i
it seems kind of like
most likely ever
but that was my first maybe it's kind of lame but that was my first thought when i
thought that was that i'd never thought that i would see that
in my lifetime
yes
great call
thank you very much thank you very much
well
my goodness i'm going to make you to
if i'm you're on the air
and i'm it's crystal from maryland
quality caller
how are you doing okay
i apologize for so let me apologize
on behalf of the jersey city councilman
who uh... who uh... who uh... tainted
your fine rock establishment
if it was any other event taking place there
i might have had to
bear lifetime grudge against your city
thank you thank you for for digging deep in and then not blaming all of us
i can't really blame anyone for doing what he did a grateful dead tribute show
that's a good point
but uh... well that is one thing come to think of it i never thought i'd
about happening, although it hasn't happened to me personally at the 930 Club, but those
balconies, I guess, would invite something like that more often than you might think.
But the one thing I called about that I never thought I'd see happen is people in show
business and elsewhere finding so many different ways to extend their terrible careers.
like it seems like the concept of a career care of a career killer doesn't
exist anymore
like i thought give me an example
well like uh...
have you seen the trailer for this new john claud
bandam movie
jay c b d yes
it's like uh...
i thought the trailer for that
and right after it the trailer for uh...
this new bruce campbell movie where both of them are playing themselves
in different movies
yeah it's a it's a sign
when you got to play yourself in a thing
might be time to leave the stage
might be time
but that seems like there's they don't have to leave the stage anymore
because they are
they can either do this they can go on a reality show nine people are going to
see that movie
that jay jay cv d
this is this this poor this poor dummy uh... john clod van dam
is going to think he's a real actor now for and then he's gonna
he's gonna end up just
he's gonna end up getting humiliated
when he tries to go do a real movie and then can't get cast in anything
he's gonna think he's like mike will work making come back yeah
don't you understand it's time for my comeback
not everybody gets to come back
it's my turn
how it's not your to you don't get it turned
It's got already had it turned when he made those 15 bad movies.
It just seems like nobody goes away, though, anymore.
People trying to recontextual it.
Jean-Claude Van Damme is ironic now.
Yeah, and they'll try to find something else
next time, like a wester or something.
Now these people are going to go see this Jean-Claude Van Dammeau.
People would never see a movie as in their lifetime
are going to go see a movie of his
just because it
always messing with the whole image
don't you get it
he's cracking it open
john called vandex playing himself in the movie
it's nuts man
yeah and i don't really know why it's like adaptation for dummies
adaptation with more kicking
it is it's like this stuffs like it's like being john malkovich for dummies
being john malkovich
that's one of those things
the thing that i like
has spawned stuff
so many bad things almost wish the original thing would go away
almost wish there was no being uh... john malkovich now for all of the
ironic things where somebody plays themselves in it
almost which there is no john malkevitch
well sent out that that little psycho path from uh...
ohio after them
was just tell him that tell john malkevitch order for mccain he'll straighten
them out
i was being confused i like john malkevitch as do i chris so as do i
you have a good night
fm you you're on the air
Hi Tom, this is Samir from Blue State, Florida.
Direct quality caller, how are you tonight?
I'm very well, thanks, how are you doing?
I'm doing okay.
It's good to hear, I've got a couple of things
for your topic tonight.
Well, let's hear them.
All right, firstly, I never thought I'd lived
to see the day when the release, well,
when James Bond is considered cool again,
and the release of an upcoming film,
like there's a lot of excitement about it,
because I remember growing up in the 90s,
whenever they'd be a new
bond film it was just
kind of big collective
who cares that they're still doing it
it's it was more camp and not really interested
but now with the new one coming out everyone's crazy about it and all these
movies that you know people are legitimately saying he's a great
films can't wait to see it
and i'm just very surprised how that shifted
it did shift
one person who is not happy about it though
larger more
yeah uh... he doesn't like the new direction he thinks it's too bad as
there's an article movie audiences nowadays expect scenes of graphic
violence in james bond movies
unlike when roger more played the part
yeah exactly it
or you hope they
i'm happy to have done it
but said it has turned so violent
you know what
this is this is a dope
was one of the way this might it
this guy's a book out now it's called uh... my work first of all roger more
one tom zero
yeah i thought that he's got a book i called my word is my bond
hey you know he should have named that book
thank god for george lazzambi
that's what he should have named that book is he'd be a he'd be the worst
james bond
and he thought actually those those the ones from the eighties like it was at
him and then
uh... dulton between him and
uh... pierce president but all of those were just
uh... with anyone bothered during that
this guy's gonna talk all about this uh...
this james bond uh... that that they're violent
go watch us on the shawn connery ones
sky is this is this guy was uh... smashing women in the face
left and right
this roger moor's complaining about uh... that their to their to violent
his predecessor will it was like uh... like a shave date
you're attacking women like he just got out of his cage
that's much worse
are you excited about
in the new one
i am i am excited
roger more roger i i got i got a move a sorry samir
roger more things got me know if i i don't mean to have uh... i moved on from
the smear your quality caller
please call back again with this roger more thing that was got it's got my
blood boiling
you watch uh... one of the shawn connery ones
he's punching this one
at shooting that one
he's knocking women around
trying to make his point
then they bring a george lazzam being who who
who tanks as hard as you can tank
with uh... on her majesty secret service
then they bring shawn connery back for one more
diamonds are forever i believe
then roger more takes over the franchise
so it goes from james from uh... james one being tough in fighting everyone in
his path
to this guy running around in a dinner jacket uh...
he like fights three people in the whole movie
judo chop
every movie
was his guy
thrown one judo chop
a half hour
He'd shoot one person, judo chop one, one other person, and then he'd get away from
something.
You know, they did this guy, every one of the movies he's in has skiing in it, usually.
Like they just like, stunts that he wasn't even there for when they filmed them.
Like he's at the premiere seeing what James Bond did in the movie.
Well, that's very exciting, a very thrilling chase on the slopes of the Alps that I participated
in, Judo Chop.
This guy was the worst, Roger Moore.
Go watch Live and Let Die, if you want to remind her.
First of all, live and let die, put it up there with the birth of a nation and a song
of the south in terms of the most racist things ever committed to film.
Right off the bat.
They made up stuff, they just made up voodoo stuff.
He's British guys just making up what they think voodoo's like.
So he got this guy running around in his dinner jacket.
He shoots like two people in the movie
and Judo chops one guy.
This guy's lucky, they're still,
the James Bond franchise survived him.
If you wanna see something amazing that he did,
he did a t.v. show called the persuaders
it was roger more and tony kurtis
it is
the dumbest thing i've ever seen in my life
it's a british
lord
a playboy
who gets in trouble with the law in like monaco
he gets into a fight with a uh... self-made
american uh... maverick guy who's played by tony kurtis
and this judge
sentences both of them just to solve crimes
yet that that is the plot of it
and it's these two guys who clearly
have zero chemistry between them roger moron tony kurtis
out of my way a good man i'm going to try to charm the woman
all good the information
and i think i do my thing
it's forty minutes of that
of them trying to see who could flirt with the woman better
because they're they're trying to bust up a guy diamond ring
roger more
asked about his own legacy as an actor
more said
i would love to be remembered as one of the great leers or hamlets
but is that's not going to happen i'm quite happy i did bond
brother
his memoirs full of anecdotes about hollywood in the stars he worked with
such as Vivian Lee, Mae West, and Lana Turner.
Ooh, what a page-turner.
I can't wait.
What page is the Mae West thing on?
What page?
Flipping through the book,
trying to find a thing on Mae West.
Roger Moore, how old is Roger Moore?
81.
In his book Moore writes of his distaste for guns, ever since he was shot in the leg by
a friend with a BB gun as a teenager.
It's really, this is the good stuff, this is the, usually these articles are the things
where they kind of put the juicy details out there to get you to buy the book.
So I'm going to buy this thing and read an article about him, read a chapter about him
money was a 15 getting shot in the leg with a BB gun back in 1922 worse James Bond
I'm gonna say he's worse than George Lassen actually he's not George Lassen
was really bad. FMU, you're on the air. Is this me? It is you. Hi. Hi, who's this? This
is Zoe from Los Angeles. Who? Zoe. Zoe. Yeah. How are you tonight, Zoe? I'm good. How
are you, Tom? I'm doing okay. Well, too. What do I do with the pleasure of this call? I've
got something for the topic. Let's hear it. But it's not as good as your whole Roger Moore
thing then again what could be right what could be it's pretty funny thank you
um okay I'm sure sure be I'm sorry and I was just uh said judo chop like
roger oh yeah that was a good thing thank you so what do you have Zoe to
the topic I'm surprised to see in my lifetime um kids selling virtual
weapons to each other like from their gaming I guess just in general the
whole gaming thing and people getting addicted to it and you know selling real
estate like virtual real estate on eBay you mean selling things in like second
life yeah yeah like that whole phenomenon I think is like so insane
crazy the idea of somebody building up a character yeah I mean I don't dislike it
I think it's actually kind of interesting I was talking to my friend who has
teenage kids and he he was saying that his kids seemed to have to enjoy the
virtual life better than the real life which I can't well that's the saddest
thing I've ever heard yeah Danny we want to go home and go to virtual life I
know but is it interesting at all I mean I haven't experienced it so I feel
like I can't really say but have you experienced this life maybe not to the
But guess, guess what, guess what, this is life, this is it, there's only one virtual
life.
You think it's really, I don't know, but I mean maybe people create these fascinating
existences, is that a word?
And you know, maybe they're more interesting than their humdrum life.
And you know what that means, that people got to step it up in their regular life.
Yeah, people were creating these weird side these cyber lives where they're they're living these complete
Existances come on
And I mean don't you do that in your dreams
Look this is what I say
It's very all you do is you just
Like from the movie a cannonball run
Yeah
The advice in that movie rings true for any situation
You go for it
Each and every day no matter what you just go for it
Right
That's what you got to do get these people living through it through these
characters
You know, you know, you're running up against when you go on these things spike
That spike with all his weird characters is
is things on the sims or whatever he's doing.
Yeah, did you hear about the guy, the kid,
Brandon, Chris, in Canada?
I did not.
I guess his parents took away his X box
or whatever they're called,
and he ran away from home,
and then they were searching for him.
He was missing for like a couple weeks,
and then they found his body in the woods.
Ooh.
It's not sad?
That's very sad.
It's like these kids get all wrapped up in those worlds and then they go into the real
world where they actually have to confront things for real and I guess they just freak
out.
I don't know.
It's really bizarre though, right?
The real world.
The real world.
You know what?
It's no picnic, but you can get by.
You can get by in the real world.
Yeah.
Go over there and tell your friends, aren't you?
This is what you should do.
Me?
Yes, you.
Yes, you, Zoe.
I don't know anyone personally who does this.
Well, you have your friends' kids.
Yeah, that's true.
This is what I want you to do.
Okay.
Go over their house, right?
Wait till they're all there.
Go in front of their computers and you pour a pitcher of water on all the computers.
You say, I just freed you.
You're welcome.
kids would then like come talk me and you just say you know what don't like it
today you'll love it tomorrow I just saved you okay I'll think about that
do it okay maybe I'll do it just go over there if I'm necessarily against it I
feel like I can't be against it unless I did it myself I don't know you don't
you don't have to do with yourself while you get
you know i'm uh... you don't have to go drunk driving to be against drunk
driving
no but that's not a good parallel
it's like being against
i don't know smoking pot
someone just said i'm sorry i got a little distracted
someone that roger moron his aversion to guns
that he talks about in his book someone just sent me uh... the the cover uh...
kick the bobo just sent me
the cover of his book it's him holding a gun
as sick roger more
okay
thank you for the calls that we quality call
thanks for talking to me
uh... you're welcome
if i'm you're on the air
it's on
back
zach and boston what's going on
i think i just have something for the topic tonight the uh...
never in my life topic on the on the side of the
i don't think i will ever see this in my life
what do you got
uh... actually originally from from new york and from statin island and uh...
up here in boston i mean a lot of
with students a lot of college kids and
i don't think in my life
why are you why are you talking like a pilot
you're talking like a pilot uh...
I came from Staten Island, and I'm up here in Boston, and so go ahead young man, sorry
I'm in a bad mood because of all this stuff going on.
No, it's okay, I know, everybody gets that way sometimes.
So let's hear, so you never thought in your whole life you would see.
college students uh... taking advantage of the uh...
the very cheap
very spacious uh... real estate on the north shore spattin out as opposed to
living in claudet
in in brookland queen
the college students are taking over statin island
no no they're not they're not
which is the problem
there um...
there's a lot of
they they they go to new york
that kind of like the carpet bagging
You got NYU and Columbia and all the other schools there and they don't, they may complain
about the high rent and that small living spaces and I, I'm from, I was born and raised
in Staten Island and I always say, hey, you know, go over there, you can get a great apartment,
20 minutes away.
If I'm you, you're on the air.
I just lost that guy.
I'm sorry.
That was an accident.
If I'm you, you're on the air, I apologize, Captain.
Hi, how you doing doing? Okay. How are you? I good
Who's this? Oh, I'm sorry Dave from Manhattan Dave from Manhattan. What part of Manhattan Dave? I live on the Lower East side
What's going on? I got something for the topic. Let's hear it. I never thought I would live to see the day
When a razor would have five blades
six if you count the
the
the detailer
that they come with now
when i last hate this was something that was the first time i ever thought it
was a joke in mad magazine when i was a kid
and now sitting on my shelf
i thought it wouldn't be
i just thought it was something hilarious back then
and now here it is
well well which one do you use which razor
uh... i just got the fusion
fusion
The Gillette Fusion, I know, it's ridiculous, right?
Mike uses the Gillette Fusion too.
Oh, yeah?
Someone is saying that the detailer is the fifth blade.
It's the sixth blade, blade number six.
They're saying it's the fifth blade.
Yeah?
Yes.
I don't know.
Maybe I, no, no, no, no, no.
It's five blades.
Let me count them.
Do, do, do, do.
That was interesting.
Anything else going on?
What kind of shaving cream are you all right?
What kind of shaving cream you use what do you use huh? I use this Italian stuff called pro rozzo
Okay, how's that work?
Well, I worked up very well. It has eucalyptus oil in it. Wonderful. How much is that cost?
Cost like ten bucks a tube comes in a tube like a tube of toothpaste. How long is the tube blast?
forever
It lasts a very long time
Get a nice clean shave
uh absolutely yeah you shave every day not every day
no not every day every other day sometimes i'll wait a couple days my beard doesn't really grow
in that tick this is incredibly dull isn't it no this is interesting yeah what else uh we'll
we talk about the owner at next
is to talk with speed stick next
and you're on the air
i thought how are you doing i'm doing all right uh... how are you
i'm doing great this is that i was calling from the king in kennedy
thomas from new kennen
that's rich territory
there's a money caller
i'm not one of those people i promise
not that it matters doesn't mean it doesn't matter but what what can i do
for you thomas
because you know i cannot mark it
you're not market version of me i'm tom
i'm a slob
you're thomas
so what can i do for you
time i got one for the topic let's hear it
never in my lifetime
after i thought the latest installment in the indiana jones franchise
did i think i would see a worse movie
and then uh... last week
a friend talk to me into seeing w
yes
uh...
i gotta say that there are some definite highs this year i like the
dark night a lot like wallie but i've got there both have been some abysmal
loads and i think w is
is right there at the bottom that had to be
the most boring to plus hours i've uh...
i've ever experienced
says that this was my opinion of w
i'm watching this thing first of all i never could have seen that thing uh...
i never could have seen that thing if uh...
if uh... john mccain one
right i had to i had to wait for obama to win
before i could see that
because i would have uh...
i couldn't sat in that theater for for thirty seconds watching that thing
if i knew we were in for four more years
i i completely understand
so i'm watching this thing right
and uh...
basically
it's basically what you're watching people do impressions of uh... of
watching them just do their impersonations of them
watching uh...
uh... richard drifus do dick chaney at the jaw thing going to the side
the uh... the tandy newman and newton
doing uh... kondalisa rice
kind of making that of pulling that face
right
everybody says doing an impression
you got a scott glenn doing uh... rumsfeld
and look josh brolin that was a that was a pretty impressive uh... george w
bush
i actually thought that he was very solid yet he got to give that to him
that was solid he did he delivered on that
but i'm watching this thing and i found it weirdly captivating
then i realized
it's just a it's just a junkie it's like i might have it could have been uh...
uh... on e
it was just like a junkie uh... bio pic
yeah
yeah definitely that just happened
he directed by all of our stone
yeah dot did you hear Richard Reifus uh...
through all of our stone under the bus this past week
he said it was like that he said it was a bad movie
and he called all of her stoneth fascist
now it is a bad movie
he's right
it's not bad when when one of the you know
one of the main actors is
talking trash about the movie when it's going theaters even you know but he's
stunk in it what's he complained he was one of the reasons it stinks
that is true where's he get
where's he get off that this movie stinks he was walking around doing this impression
of uh...
of dik cheney with it was well uh... the trial for uh...
you know i thought frank kelly endo
uh...
yet you definitely hand it up a little bit too much
i was also a little bit disturbed
uh... though the girl who played lower bush
she didn't seem to age at all throughout the movie now that's a big health
kind of like the full makeup treatment that was with banks
they go put that some uh... some uh... knockout
in the part of the uh... lower bush
or bush it should be uh... to go see that movie ten times
so uh... yeah that was but it would be a guy i watched it
i found it captivating but it was just kind of it was kind of junky
that's all i got from you have a good night all thank you young man
fm you you're on the air
hey thomas uh... mike in brokland mike in brokland how are you tonight
i'm good at doing
doing all right
the rugged years
uh... yet i've got one for the topic
let's hear it
uh... i never i never thought
i'd see uh... steve harvey line of menswear
uh... that
uh...
that's uh... that
that's very true where i thought
i don't know where that's actually like recognized as like hey you can look
like this too
yeah
he's clocked yet i don't just think he's closer steve
these are not just steve harvey's clothes
you can get that you can get in on this also
he's insane and i think that it is a suit the color of a lot of pumpkin
uh...
uh... for like a a net goose uh...
uh... like a for a red fur coat
yet and correct sakers the only one lined up buying that stuff
uh... the first customer when steve harvey announced his line of clothes
and jack
it was a lot of two
uh... and i i found out about talking about mom uh... a little while ago and
we're we're talking about i don't know how we got on the subject of uh...
steve harvey
And then she sort of blurted out, oh, yeah,
you've got a line of suits.
And I paused everything.
And I said, how do you know this?
And I found a video online called the Steve Harvey
collection.
And it's got like 10 minutes.
And it's like him on Jimmy Kimmel and him on Ellen.
And then like, BBB does a performance in the suits.
They get back together to do a performance in a Steve Harvey suit.
Yeah, they get back to do exactly, to be like spokespeople at PD Pablo.
This rapper called PD Pablo did a performance too.
And all the suits look like, I thought it was like the beginning of Malcolm X.
Like all the suits look like the suits suits.
All right, now you're getting racist.
You creep.
You vote.
Judo chop.
Now I'm just kidding, he's not racist.
I'm tired.
So tired.
Zoot suits.
I didn't know what I'm talking about anymore.
Where am I?
What's going on?
I didn't know why I hung up on that guy.
I got delivered.
That was making me laugh, and I hung up on him.
i apologize
you did you did a great call that was on me i should hang up on myself right now
fm you you're on the air
dot
hope sorry
uh... fredricks
new porridgei
well this guy
of course you know joe biden was down here where
in new porridgey
where is beach
of course
Of course I need to pretend that I know where that is.
You do! We've been through this already.
No, you've been through it already.
And the call ended with me having no idea what you were talking about.
You said I was making fun of old people.
No poor Ritchie!
Flooring at a time!
Anyways, Joe Biden came down.
That's exciting.
Get a little speech in front of a couple thousand people.
Yeah.
You know what the first thing he said was?
hello
party
so he got it wrong
to start off the whole speech i didn't listen to the rest of it
anyways you know what you walked out
did you tell the story about that and so
stand in a man's town and get it wrong
southern strategies not going so well he's only better guys guys going to eighteen
pounds a day
on this campaign he gets one name wrong in your thing in your your
uh... your blood boiling
get over yourself
this guy didn't know no part richie
well i don't know if i'm going to get them because his
his uh... you know running me
did win the election i don't know if i'm going to be both of these guys
who knows if he knows anything about the economy if you don't know no part
richie
you know that no one has any idea
you're killing me what you're talking about you talk about this place no one
has any idea
now they do
then i would tell you what do you want the chamber of commerce
i was
did you go by and tell that story about uh... in that moment now we're not going
into that at all
you know what i didn't think i'd ever see
or what's that in my lifetime time why
republicans nationalizing banks
mmm heavy stuff
to them anymore
no more invisible hands gonna fix everything
the world where you know chump ski
I went even later, I went to know if Joe Biden told that story that it's so bad, it was dad giving the advice.
Anytime you get knocked down, you'll get up champ.
I'm gonna try, I heard that story nine times.
And I was ignoring Joe Biden.
I was kind of doing my best attempt to stay away from anything he said.
I felt like if I avoided him, then maybe everybody would and he wouldn't say anything stupid.
If somehow I didn't hear it.
FMU, you're on the air. Hey, Tom. Hey, who's this? Hey, this is John from Austin, Texas.
John from Austin, Texas. How are you tonight? I'm good, man. It's my first time calling.
or welcome to the program
we have a custom i have a uh...
never thought i would uh... ever call into a radio show or
i guess what's the ratio every week
why i i i you so you listen to the show every week
yes and for about uh...
about a month and a half ago i got i got hooked with the big uh...
big com crowd in austin actually
you'd be surprised
briefly i have a history
anyone from austin we have a uh... the protocol
is for me to ask you
have you seen harry knoll's on the street
i have not
but i've heard tales
you've heard tales of him in austin
yeah i've got for people make mention of
uh... fighting but i i guess i'm not
not in on the whatever the story is behind that
i don't know my
you go to draft house
i do get a draft what's playing there now
uh... w
uh... actually just thought they're
last week and
actors doing impersonations more than actually playing real characters
uh...
which was kind of
uh... didn't really uh... make it a very good movie
didn't do it for you
no not at all
i was kind of all of a stone big all of a student and kind of
you want open for another walker
you're a big all of a stone fan
well i'll get not a big fan but i do like
like what what do you like of his
i'd like to have care
uh... it's like the only good thing only watchable thing i think kevin
costner do
uh... mister brooks
hello
have you ever seen mister brooks
i have not seen mister brook
well this leads to an exciting time for me to make an exciting announcement
because
brock obama won the election
i have decided
that every best show
for the rest of two thousand eight
i'm going all out
i'm holding nothing back
i'm putting it all on the table
all right and so did you over here here mention of the legendary roadhouse
one-man performance
tour de force that i that i did a few years ago
in austin
I'm not in Austin.
Oh, sorry.
Eve Ho.
Yeah, I went down to Austin and did a one-man show.
He's too new.
I think that they're making excuses for the guy.
So anyway, what do you think I was going to the theater down
in Austin doing a one-man show, version of Roadhouse?
Now I did it on the radio.
We synced it up so that you at home watch the movie at home and you turn the volume
down on your television and I provide all the sound playing every part.
I am ready to announce a follow up.
That's right, I will be performing.
In the calendar year of 2008, Mr. Brooks, go get your Mr. Brooks DVDs.
I am going to play every part in Mr. Brooks this year.
You will sit at home with your Mr. Brooks DVD, put the mute on, turn the radio up,
be taken away, watching me portray Kevin Costner, William Hurt, Demi Moore, Dane Cook
and all the rest.
Best show will be back for its final hour, but let's listen to another DC Band on rest
here on WFMU East Orange WXHD Man Hope, worldwide on the worldwide web at WFMU.org.
So
So
yeah unrest champion nines from their classic imperial ff or our album on the
teen bead label fm you you're on the air hi tom hi who's this Laura from
Houston. Laura from Houston. How are you tonight? Good. How are you? I'm doing all right. I'm excited
about the Mr. Brooks. I got to get ready. It's going to be exciting. I'm going to be playing
every part in Mr. Brooks. So I have something for the topic. Let's hear it. Um, well, I don't
think in my lifetime, I will ever see another Kevin Smith movie. Don't tip it yet. I'm going to
talk about that next
okay well did you see
did you see zach and mary make a porno
i did not uh... i thought that trailer
on that was enough for me
i thought
i'm going to give my review
i'm anxiously waiting
all get ready you will not need to see this one
thanks laura
fm you you're on the air
what the topic
uh... we are talking about
the things that you never thought you would see in your lifetime
you know uh... basically talking about uh... barack obama
being elected president which uh...
a lot of people thought they would never see myself included never thought you'd
see in your lifetime
well okay uh... who's this
you know this is
what's that
i don't know who this is
your new mayor
This is not, this is not the new man, the new mayor is Roy Ziegler, Philly boy Roy.
Wait, what?
Well, who is, who is, who is, who is this?
Joe.
Joe.
Joe, the plumber trademark.
Joe, the plumber.
Trademark.
Trademark, that's a trademark.
You got that trademarked?
I did, yeah.
Joe the plumber, TM.
Really?
Yeah.
I didn't win?
You did not win.
How the F didn't I win?
Well, because can I be blunt?
Absolutely, yes.
Because no one voted for you.
You were uniquely unpopular.
No.
Yes.
It's because I joined too late, right?
I would say, I'm sure that had something to do with it, but that's not the deciding factor
by any stretch.
It was really, you were pulling such low numbers.
That's impossible.
It's not impossible.
Are you?
Wow.
I was looking at it.
Because stuff's still exploding.
Stuff is still exploding?
My stuff, yeah.
you mean? Getting huger. You're getting huger. Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I don't
know how to put this, Joe, but it seems like maybe, you know, these things have
a tendency to kind of play themselves through. Well, you know, somebody is a
part of something and then they kind of, it passes and they, they, their moment passes.
Oh, mine is just beginning. It feels like that anyway.
It feels like your moment is just beginning.
Absolutely. It's like that. That whole election thing was just the beginning of it. You know,
with McLean, McCain, sorry.
Yeah, McCain.
Yeah.
Because, because, wait, this is, this is,
you think that that was not your moment of triumph.
That was not the high watermark for you.
Oh, oh my God, no, that was like the launch pad.
Really?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
You think that there's gonna be more down the road?
Absolutely, this is just beginning.
let me ask you, let me ask you, Joe.
Yeah.
If this was, you know, the saying everybody is famous for 15 minutes.
Andy Warhol, yeah.
Yeah, Andy Warhol.
It's Warhol, isn't it?
No, it's Warhol, but let's just move on.
Okay, okay.
Where do you think you are in that 15-minute spectrum?
In that 15 minutes of fame, uh, I probably right now am at the four second mark
Really? Oh, yeah, so you feel you have you feel you have 14 minutes and 56 seconds to go
Absolutely, and they're all going to be huger and huger and huger
Oh, joe, I I well i'm glad you you
You know, I guess you have to
Well, I how please just tell them like like in what way oh
All kinds of ways, you know Rupert's really helping me out with this stuff and it's really rocking right now
Who who is Rupert Rupert my manager?
He's okay. Yeah. Oh like and what is he helping you manage?
movies
well what movies you'll see when I collect my Oscars next year so you're
gonna win an Oscar oh absolutely yeah why wouldn't I have you ever that's gonna
be the middle of Plummer mania have you over acted in a movie I told you about
the one that didn't want to talk about yeah yeah there's that one but you you
you're gonna do legitimate movies absolutely well I mean you heard me
read those sides last time yes yeah I was good did you get that part no okay
well yeah well I didn't even actually get get to it's a law either you never
made it to LA no so you think you're gonna win an Oscar in the next few years
oh I know I will yeah yeah Trent thinks that this is gonna be huge and who is
Oh, Trent L Strauss. Oh, yeah, you've heard of it. Yes. I know Trent L Strauss. Yeah, we're doing a it's this new genre that he's that he's come up with. It's called a comedy slash slasher film comedy slash slasher film. Yeah. Well, that that is a new genre.
Well, this thing is called plumbing the death
Uh-huh. It's like a take up on that phrase plumbing the depths. Yes. Yeah, the depths. Yeah
So you and what is this movie about?
Well, I play a plumber
You know, which is not a stretch, but I bring this whole new life to it
Uh-huh. I I play this plumber who fixes the plumbing of these big wigs psychiatrists
uh-huh yeah and it turns out I'm the one that they turn to for help you know
like with their with their you know psycho problems okay and basically I get
to the depths of of their problems all right I slash their faces so you're
like a killer in it oh yeah yeah but I help them before they die uh-huh I could
got to be the title maybe what what's that help them before they die you want
that to be the title well that's it that's a weird title well no it's a it's a
little weird you don't see that it's a little a little odd I don't know everybody's
odd in the runway I guess you know what fair enough I keep you don't know what
I'm doing right now.
I really don't know.
Okay.
I told call screener Felipe about it.
Uh-huh.
Well, that's between you and him.
I have no interest in knowing what you're doing right now.
Rupert also got me a record deal.
Really?
Yeah.
I'm going to do a cover of that song.
What song?
That song.
Who let the dogs in?
Woof!
Woof!
Who let the dogs in?
You're going to do a cover of who let the dogs out, but...
It in?
Yes.
Is that in?
No, it is who let the dogs out.
Oh, great. Thanks, Rupert.
Well, what happened?
We already recorded it.
And you recorded it as who let the dogs in?
Yeah, and the budget was massive, too.
How much?
$60,000 to record that song it sounds really crisp like it's popping like where did you record it?
The power station
Wow. Yeah, that's a real that's a real studio. We started the day after I I talked to you
I mean went until like yesterday. Uh-huh. Yeah, so you've been working on that one song. Yeah, you talked to me a few weeks ago
Yeah
Wow that money adds up you know I I'm not the best vocalist uh-huh we had to
like punch one syllable at a time yeah yeah like it so it's just it's you it's
so they really had to just create this thing from from whole cloth absolutely
yeah dr. Dre was doing who dr. Dre that's who produced it oh yeah yeah dr.
Dr. Dre?
No, it's Dr. Dre.
I thought it was Dr. Dre, but it's actually this guy that Rupert knows called Dr. Dre.
And what is his deal?
It's spelled the same way.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So he kind of knows he's ripping people off a little bit.
Well, now I know that.
Yeah.
So he was all excited because he's going to be able to get his pool now.
Who will?
Dr. Dre?
Dr. Dre.
Yeah.
Mm-hmm. So so that stinks, but I did get on this cool TV show. Uh-huh. I got like a leading role in this thing
And what what is the show? It's called dink hunt
I'm sorry
Dink hunt
D-i-n-k. Yeah one word hunt the second word dink hunt. Yeah, and what is dink
hunt well, basically it's it's me and a bunch of other super, you know
huge guys it's liberty guys uh-huh and basically we get chased through the
woods
uh-huh like what what other guys wearing loin cloth and who are the other guys
you're with? well there's Daniel Bonaduce okay Chris Cornell okay from
Soundgarden. Yeah. Yeah. Carlos Mencia. Okay. Carlos Mencia. Yeah. William
Corgan. From the Smashing Pumpkins. Yeah. Bill Corgan. So my look. Yeah, you do
it. You do share a look. Absolutely. Yeah. Nick Hogan. The son of Hulk Hogan. Yeah.
okay hot water lately yeah yeah for permanently injuring his friend
well you can't prove that he went to jail who did Nick Hogan I think we went
for something else no it was for that it was horrible okay professor grit from
public enemy yeah from that music where they talk yeah though the hip-hop group
the one where he was saying he's the one who said all the anti-Semitic stuff
twenty years ago
he said he got a bomb deal on that uh...
uh... and of course uh... james belushi
jim belushi
uh...
okay
show some respect jim belushi
jim okay i don't want
okay
and uh... michael savage
the talk show host
really
you're not part of the nation
uh... what is his show or something
savage nation
i'm not up now i'm not a part of that
don't have some respect you've got that much
show show mike you want me to show michael savage respect absolutely yeah
uh... definitely not
i want you to show him a little more respect than i've been getting on some
of these recent jobs
uh...
well this is that with the show called dink hunt
Yeah, yeah.
I mean, this sounds really humiliating.
That you're going to be...
It will be.
What's that?
It will be.
You're going to get...
So you have no problem getting humiliated.
I'm not going to get humiliated.
Well, again, who's in the...
You're in, what, a loincloth?
Yeah.
Running around getting...
You said getting hunted or something?
Yeah.
And how are they hunting you?
They have like these, they're technically their bullets, but they're called like
softies, but they're pretty hard apparently still.
Okay.
Yeah, but I'm pretty quick.
And this is not, I'm still amissing how this is not humiliating.
Oh, what is humiliating for the hunters?
They're the dinks.
No, they're not the dinks.
That's the biggest group of jerks I've ever heard.
you know the hunters
no the hunted
billy corgon michael savage
jim balloushi
and carlos mincea
we all rule
now you're you guys are the
you guys are the but of this joke
or not
you are trust me on this one
ask uh...
what's his name call screener uh...
uh... it's mike
is it is it rodney
no it's not running its mike
ask him
yeah as well as who he thinks the dinks are in this day a mike who do you think
the dinks
are in this
the guys in the wine cloths he said
wait a while
yeah joe i gotta tell you you're you're on the wrong end of this thing
i got out of contract
you
uh... when when are you supposed to film it
I think it starts like next week and I signed on for seven seasons.
Seven seasons?
Yeah.
Really?
Oh, as hit.
Of getting did.
Yeah.
Wow.
I'm quick.
I told you.
No, it's still, it makes no sense.
You're in trouble.
Oh, none.
OK, well, that's maybe that's like a lateral move.
What is?
You know, it's maybe not going forward, but it's not going not going behind because I'll still get face time. Uh-huh. Yeah
So it's just all about face time then absolutely. Yeah, yeah
But I thought you were trying to build some you're talking like you're gonna build some respectable career here. Oh, it will be
Like a launch pad. It's all launching. It's all it's all steps. Look at Sarah Palin
Yeah, they're talking about her getting her own show and maybe maybe being president again. Uh-huh. Yeah
Well, but that's that's years off. I don't know I
Got it. I got to say it you're those interviews. She did have people talking
Yeah in a very bad way Joe. No, I think this this this guy the guy elected might get impeached
impeached. Impleached. Yeah. Impeached. Let me throw you out of it. No, I know what
it is. Yeah. What do you call it? The presidency. White House. Yeah, the White House. That's
what they call it. I was working at a White House today. You were you were working at
the White House today? No, it's not the White House. The house that was white. Really? Yeah.
doing what plumbing uh-huh so you're back that you're back just kind of doing plumbing now
no it's almost like it's not even really plumbing so much it's like a personal appearance
kind of thing yeah yeah really oh yeah so that's what it's like when you do these things now people
know who you are absolutely yeah yeah you're famous oh totally yeah and i like how did the
thing go today? Not great. Oh, like how so? Well, it's a big joke to some people.
Uh huh. Yeah. What do you mean that it's you out there doing it? I guess so. I mean, yeah,
paint balls. You got hit with paint balls? A lot of them, yeah.
Really? Yeah. Because you're like, like, I'll get there. Uh huh.
You know, I'll start bringing in my tools and stuff, uh-huh, you know, and then
Homeowners super nice in all pretty much. Uh-huh, and then I go back to the truck and I get this this like
Splash of paint hitting me in the back of the head and I look up and it's like his teenage kids
Hitting you with a paintball gun. Yeah, and they go dad. We got him
And dad will go up there and dad's laughing and then I got to finish the job though because
you know I need that money until the royalties come in to let the dogs in.
Yeah.
And so I got to go back in there to do this job and then he yells at me for having dripping
paint all over the place.
For messing up his house.
Yeah exactly.
They want me to mess it up. They can yell at me.
Yeah, yeah. I'm sorry for laughing. I'm trying not to laugh.
It's not funny. You're right. It's not funny.
And then a couple days ago, there's another place.
And, you know, a huge clog in the toilet. I'm like,
oh, jeez. What's this going to be?
Yeah. So I snake it.
Yeah.
And what's in there? I pull this thing out and I'm like
Sir, what are you doing here? You know, there's there's a there's a huge like
Sheet in in this thing. Uh-huh happen and then like a giant cloth. Yeah, the guy's like holding back this like
Snicker or something. Uh-huh like what what's going on? I and I unsterled this this sheet. Yeah
And it's it has something written on it
what's it say? Joe the plumber sucks. I'm sorry that's not funny. It's not but
that's what that's what you saw when you pulled the you snake the toilet and
got the cloth out of there. Yeah kind of like the the time I you know like it was
couple days before that even I snaked another one uh-huh same thing the same
same thing same thing only Joe the plumber sucks was embroidered onto it so
this is like a pattern that's happening it must be and and this thing was like
professionally done too they've taken some time or hired some old woman to do
it really yeah so so you're just getting these things that people and and they're
just cracking up when you get this thing clogged yeah like it's a joke and then
it's even worse because on that job I had the local news crew following me
uh-huh yeah like what like a day in the life thing exactly yeah yeah Rupert
thought that would be a great idea yeah that kind of backfired sort of
Wow that's uh that that's oh look I'm sorry I guess but you know what you
kind of are not you you're you're trying to accept some platform that I
don't know what you think you're you're you're expecting
okay these are minor bumps in the road but what why do you feel you have
something to offer everyone because I do because I was on TV yeah like being a
being like trying to like score points trying to be a big shot against the
guy running for office well he didn't know what he was talking about and I
think I proved that no I said well I kind of think he did know what he was
talking about
and you've proven that you don't know what you're talking about
i mean are you still gonna try to buy that business
which one the uh...
the one you asked uh... obama about
all
undoing something else is way cooler
well what's that
well i'm uh... moving to new bridge
well so you're just going to move here
absolutely yeah
I'm gonna, I'm gonna have like this thing where I, you know, I, I, I can test the, uh, the ballot result.
So you're gonna just tie up the election now?
Oh yeah, yeah, for at least a year probably.
Really, even though, even though I'm telling you, I was tracking the numbers on that you were doing horribly.
There's no way.
I'm a charismatic dude.
No one likes you.
I'm, uh, let's take a call.
Well, when's the last time you spoke to McCain?
Oh, geez. Uh, well, if there is that day that I kind of blew him off.
Oh, the one where you didn't even show up to the thing. Yeah. Yeah. Well, how about now afterwards?
Oh, uh, I really, I really haven't had time to.
Are you trying to get hold of him maybe?
Yeah. And he's not picking up.
not really no well we will not really but not at all the fine to find not
picking up you can't get him on the phone absolutely how many times have
you tried probably like a hundred times a day before the auto-read dial thing
yeah and he won't take your call no it's it's weird because you know like
sometimes you'll call someone and you know it'll go to like a voicemail or
something more like a little ring like a dial tone yeah
what i call that it rings twice and then it had it makes it weird like high
pitch
shrill shrieking fans almost like
and like an
all
all kind of
dagger
even that's how shrill it is
exactly it's like it's almost meant to hurt me
of anybody who has a question for joe the plumber two oh one
two oh nine nine three six eight
is the number
so i'm moving to at the new bridge
did you do you pick a neighborhood out
uh... i i would love to go into uh... that that
that real life data there was that called new bridge
uh... states or something yes
as i don't have a little cash flow problem right now but but i i won't be
one of my business start
with which business
uh... it's a strip plumbing service
Oh, Joe, you got a...
What?
Wow, I gotta say, you're selling something that nobody's buying.
Absolutely!
People now love this!
Who wouldn't want to see me strip almost naked?
And fix their pipes.
No one.
And maybe do something else.
Oh, no one wants it.
No one wants any of this.
Sure they do.
was this a call mike
get a call for joe the plumber here if i mean you're on the air
yeah that guy that was just a call up their city would call a phone and it
would bring a few times to get that high-pitched shrill uh... that's usually
what happened when you call it fact machine
this was different
this was like more than i know
it was almost like
they designed it
well he hung up see even he doesn't want to talk to you joe
Joe who are intimidated by me
I don't know if they're intimidated, but you are too. No, I'm not at all. You're unlikable
I can hear that quiver in your voice
You're unlikable Joe. I can't imagine what it would sound like if you weren't using that modulator
Do you I don't use a voice modulate you think I can hear you clicking it
See
If I'm you you're on the air
Yeah, I did want to find out if there is a line of Joe the plumber merchandise at Joe
the plumber related things that were coming out soon that you're planning.
Oh, absolutely.
All the stuff I talked about last time, most of that stuff is coming out.
Some of it's not.
The Halloween costume didn't happen.
Uh-huh.
There's a, uh, a bobble head doll.
That's pretty much it.
So just a bobble head doll.
were talking about all this stuff last time
well that it's it's it's a pretty huge uh...
huge drop-off from the stuff you were talking about a quality bobble it's
almost like it's made by uh...
company that did that did those uh... those missed its dolls
really
uh-huh well so so people can
when what is this available now
When can people get the the bobblehead as soon as I can get Rupert to lend me money to pay for them? Uh-huh
We've only afford to get a hundred of them made
A hundred of these Joe the plumber bobbleheads, and I'm told that only a quarter of the actual bobble mechanisms work
Uh-huh. Yeah, so they don't even so they just kind of are broken
I'm not doing anything to you.
You are.
Caller.
Yes.
Do you have anything else for Joe?
No, that's okay.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Another call for Joe the plumber.
FMU, you're on the air with Joe the plumber.
Hi.
Just want to let Joe know that, um, that ring that he's talking about, that's definitely
And it's designed to annoy all of us not just him
That's it different it's really different
Nope Joe I think so John McCain gave you a fax number
We let me just have my moment, please
Why are you doing this to me? Why are you doing this? You were because I deserve it
You deserve what I deserve to be famous
Based on, give me one thing that, that, that, that, that validates why you should be famous.
I was on television.
Yeah, so what?
What do you mean so what? That means I'm kind of a god. Have you ever been on television? I doubt it.
No, no, not really, but...
I knew it. I'm above you.
You're not above me.
I am.
It doesn't matter so you're on television big deal a million people are on television. I asked a question that was
That was that everyone wanted asked. Yeah, I was the only one that the guts to do it
No, no one you didn't care about the answer to that question. You're only just being a jerk. You're only trying to show him up
So and then he did do what's that I did well. He won you didn't show him up that much
Well, he didn't win by much
He won pretty convincingly.
Eh, that's debatable.
It's really not.
I heard there's like all these hanging chads that we don't know about.
There's not.
There are.
Yeah.
Hanging chads.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
What are those anyway?
And another call for Joe.
FMU, you're on the air with Joe.
Well, to solve the mystery of the phone call, shrillness or whatever, why don't we just call the number on the air and see what happens?
i'm not going to give a number out from uh... john mcconnes
if they don't have to give it out you can just call it
you know
well he's got to give it to me is not going to give it to me over the air
i don't know
now i don't want it i'm not gonna call a fact machine to see if that makes the
same noise he's talking about not going to give out his office number
we can call a fact machine to you if that makes the same noise
it's area code
now and then i know i don't know for no stop
No, no, I don't want this number. Don't stop it Joe. Stop. Oh, yeah. Oh, no, no, no, no. Hey, wait, wait, wait, wait, what? What?
I hung up for like something that number I gave you. Yeah, it's missing a digit.
So you well, that might have something to do with it.
Now it feels like he gave me like this fake number. Did he give you that number? Yes. And what did he say when he gave it to you?
all me any time uh-huh so it's missing it bitches yeah
FM you you're on the air with Joe the plumber hey guys how you doing tonight
I'm not so good Joe I guess it's probably not gonna get released now but
I was wondering how many orders you got for those uh those fudge toilets that's
a whole other thing we had like like a hundred orders and then it turned out
of the fudge was faulty. Yeah. Oh, that's just disgusting. All right. You guys have a good night.
It was poisoned. What's that? Fudge was poisoned. It was poisoned fudge. Yeah. Yeah. That these
party, what were they, they were toilets made for parties or something out of chocolate or fudge?
Fudge. Yeah. I was told it was high quality fudge. Rupert lined it up. Uh-huh. Turns out that it was,
It was these kind of this fudge-looking, um, basically rat poison.
Oh my god.
It's not funny.
No, it's not. I'm laughing because it's shocking.
FMU, you're on the air.
Hi. I have a question for Joe the Fummer.
Hi.
Yeah, Joe, I was watching the news and I saw there were some McCain rallies where John McCain
called your name out and you were nowhere to be found. I was just wondering, where were
you? Um, you know, I wasn't feeling it that day. Yeah. And that's kind of when I got my
record deal, you know, that, that day. Oh, it happened that quick. Where he called out
and I was just, I was just sort of on cloud nine. I was actually at a bar. Oh, okay. Okay.
celebrating. Great. Okay, cool. Thanks. Thanks. Well, Joe. Yeah. Yeah, you, uh, I don't
have to tell you, buddy. I mean, you've kind of, you know, people do their thing and they,
they leave the stage at a point. Not me. I'm never leaving. Well, sometimes you don't
have control over that you mark my words
in ten years
i'm still going to be massively popular
really
oh yeah
you're going to be massively popular or so i will get
can i put you down for uh... one uh... strip plumbing
no no it's definitely not
i know why you don't hire me
you're afraid that your wife's gonna be pulling herself
Stop, okay, don't be ashamed
disgusting
Joe Joe you've got problems
You've got to just own the reality of the situation and
Kind of just this it's over
My big problem is these toilets, uh-huh
the of the fudge the poisoned fudge toilets they're big yeah so what do I
do with them I guess you have to throw them out no I'm not gonna eat it on
those I got to figure out a way to make someone else eat them mm-hmm
well Joe I wish you the best of luck they're probably pretty tasty we got
Another call here's this for Joe I
Be in a second FME around the air. Hey Joe. Hi. Hi. Hi. I heard you were also doing a country album or is that?
With the who let the dogs in?
It actually morph into who let the dogs in. Oh cool. It was like a country version
No, I was going to country and then I was told that by Rupert and dr. D that
What did you call it, the hip hop?
It's called the hip hop.
Hip hop.
But hip hop was more popular, so I wasn't that bad.
I think they're giving you bad advice.
Yeah.
I gotta say, you're off for a, you got your hands full.
Would you guys manage me?
No.
Come on.
Joe, I wish you best of luck with all this stuff.
Thanks.
And stay in touch.
Can I call you tonight somewhere else?
No.
No.
Please.
I can't give you my home number.
Please.
No.
Best of luck for you, Joe.
Let the dogs in.
Let the dogs in.
No, that was sad.
It was kind of sad.
Did you feel bad for a Mike?
Wow, Mike does not feel bad for him at all.
He came in 15th.
Out of everybody running for mayor.
Oh, man. I'm tired. Maybe I'll just go to sleep. Mmm, go to the next 19 minutes. Mmm.
They all just sleep on the air, hmm, hmm, what's that, oh, FMU you're on the air?
Hey Tom I was going to tremble an eagle. Who?
Trembling Eagle. Trembling Eagle. Yeah, you're doing it. Mr. Hip Hop
The King of Hip Hop. I'm kind of in the rock now a little bit. You are like what kind of stuff?
Yeah, I totally drew a blank the last time but
Hey, you know what the soundtrack to that other all of their snow movie there natural born killers. Yeah
You like that?
uh...
what's on it
uh...
uh... what's in it well there's uh...
and i don't know
i can't remember no i don't
there's a guy who thinks like all-timey
prah i don't know that is i'm sure i don't like that either
i i'm trying to black i'm sorry but it is
i like that album i think it's pretty good
the doors
I don't like them either.
Let me check.
I've got to look at this natural born killer soundtrack.
I want to go through it with you.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Let's say natural born killer soundtrack.
Hey, you know that stone song?
That's like a.
Yeah, yeah, I know that one.
Now, what's it all?
It's like we got some Puerto Rican girls that want to meet you.
Yes.
What is that?
Satisfaction.
Uh...
No I don't think... I don't think it is.
Does it go
That one...?
Look, I know rock!
Yeah, yeah, I'll give you that, you know, but I mean that bass line, that's killer bass line, man.
Bum-dum-dum-dum-dum-dum-dum-dum-dum-dum-dum-dum-dum-dum-dum-dum-dum-dum-dum-dum.
Let's look at this list now. I'm looking at the soundtrack. Leonard Cohen.
Yeah, yeah, that guy.
Dunita Sparks. Dan Zanes. Patty Smith.
Yeah, yeah, she's good. I like that one.
Lou Reed, Dwayne Eddy, Trent Reznor.
What? This thing is, this is, oh, I pray I never hear this.
What? You've never heard it?
There's a reason why I didn't hear it, because I know enough about this music to know that this is the worst thing in existence.
Hold on, you don't like Patty Smith?
No, I like Patty Smith.
She's good, that's good, that's something.
Yeah, but I don't like Trent Reznor.
Well, for Jell-O-B-Offra, and that movie, I want nothing to do with anything associated
with that movie.
It's, uh, impressionistic.
It's, uh...
No, it's garbage.
American impression.
Impressionism.
No.
Stop it.
That movie's as bad as it gets, and you...
Please know better.
I'm going to tell you right now.
Just know better, okay?
That's what I want to talk to you about, Tom.
uh... what do you want to let's hear it
uh...
have you ever experienced like
i have a thing like with some movies they're actually better
than they're supposed to be
like like what movies
well
uh... like predator
like the movie predator
i mean by all accounts on paper it's supposed to be absolutely trash it's
supposed to be garbage there's no reason those actors that plot everything
it's not supposed to be good
it's an action movie
but if you can't transcend it somehow
like all the parts are trash you know short things terrible and
action jackson that i call whether it's like
cheesy lines everything but still ends up being a well-made action movie
uh... the other one is uh...
robocop
another well-made uh... science fiction action movie
but it's got like a undercurrent
i mean like it's like oh you know i mean it's kind of subversive
all right
uh... and uh...
oh uh... the one where they're fighting the giant bugs
i've no idea what you're talking about
uh...
they're fighting jack out there's a planet of giant bugs there's some
starship troopers yeah yeah yeah there you go hey hey yeah trembling eagle
yeah you sound like the nicest guy
you and i
our tastes
could not be more uh... divergent
really yes
so you don't think those movies are good at all
but there's nothing to do it for me
because there's like a message to start with you
and look i don't want to insult you so i'm not going to talk about
the metal but look
you're not you're not exactly uh... unearthing anything by figuring out
the committee beat you over the head with that message
in that movie
i want to talk to the person who didn't know there was a message in that movie
and some people don't they just look at it as a straight-on action no one does
everyone knows they're trying to get you over the head with the message
now trembling eagle
you and i
were two very different people
yeah that was said with the other week and you come up with you
yeah that was sad
me having a great time at that thing that was awesome
i mean
obviously you're super talented obviously a smart guy but yeah like
that kind of stuff it's like yeah you're right i guess i i should uh... sit
home and watch a starship troopers
and figure out that there's a message there man
they're talking about fash is a man
a seven-year-old knows there's a message in that
well we can tell me a concert i should go to get a tell me who i should see
a concert
sold millions
like all barman
who call barman
and people but yeah you know what it's it's not nineteen ninety eight
uh...
he vote
clown gonna judge me
look this guy can relate
guys like me and jz were up there
We do it at the highest level.
I can't help it.
I can't help it that he don't get it.
Oh, brother.
Zach and Mary.
Make a porno.
I go to see this heap of trash.
And look, I'll give Kevin Smith the chance.
I give him a chance every time.
He got my money.
Now you know if you see a Kevin Smith movie.
You know what it's gonna be.
Visually it's gonna look terrible.
The acting's going to be generally atrocious.
It's going to be one person giving a speech followed by a person giving a speech in response.
Followed with it.
They should have, you know, it should be at this thing, as a moderator, should have
Wolf Blitzers sitting at this thing, throwing it back and forth between the two speeches
because they might as well be debating all the trappings they're all there for
you filthy subject matter and look Seth Rogen in this thing I came out of this
movie with so much respect for Seth Rogen. What this guy was doing, I kid you not. This
was Jordan Esk. The other way Michael Jordan, the team would be down. He'd say, just get
me the ball every time. Every time down the floor, you guys just get me the ball. I'm
going to score
that's what he did
every time
he said he said it would be like he's playing basketball he realizes the
basketballs made of uh...
compressed garbage
and also in all seriousness the sethrogon
he showed he's a he showed his talent with the capital t
This guy was working hard, trying to fix that thing.
So what is the movie about?
Well basically, these two slobs are Zack and Mary.
First of all, I want to thank Kevin Smith for moving the production out of New Jersey
and taking it to pittsburgh
and secondly i'd like to apologize to the people of pittsburgh
for the for kevin smith polluting their town
with one of his uh... atrocious movies although you'd never know
this could have taken place anywhere
because it was uh... shot on a side street
The only thing you saw on Pittsburgh was a snowy side street.
So these two slobs, they went to high school together, Zach and Mary, and they're broke.
So naturally, to get out of their financial conundrum,
they decide to make a porno movie.
That's logical.
Logical 1985.
This thing didn't track.
This was definitely an idea from the closet
that this guy was finally uh... putting to work now
rattling around in that empty head of his
like a tuna can
twenty years
unbelievable so then they go and naturally
what do they do
they make it they start to make a they're gonna make a a a porn movie based on star wars
because everybody's fascinated with star wars can we please seriously
i said it before i'm gonna say it again i'm begging you now
we are adults
it's time
is Obama time now so bomb a time grow up stop with the Star Wars yeah you were
Grow up! Sick of it. Star Wars, it's over. It happened. We got a grown up
President now, let's all grow up. Let's all grow up
So then this thing goes they may go make their dirty movie
They ended up making it based on a Starbucks thing because someone smashes the garage that
has all their Star Wars props in it.
And it does not stop toilet mouth.
But now he's justified.
Oh, he's justified now because he's doing a filth movie he could say whatever he wants
Oh, but now it's a it's a long with the story
And look that's fine. That's on me. That's on me. I bought the ticket. That's on me
I'm at this thing. I know what's going down. Of course. He's gonna do this stuff. Well, what did I think he was gonna do?
But the worst part, the worst part of stuff where he thinks, this is the gold, man.
You don't realize, I'm dealing with a dirty subject, but then I'm going to put real heart
in this thing.
There's going to be real heart.
heart. More speeches. Speech is toilet mouth speeches now. They had the speech in a convenience
store. This is his history of movies. Clerks. People making speeches in a convenience store.
More rats. People making speeches in a mall. Chasing Amy. People making speeches walking
around Red Bank. Dogma. People making speeches in Red Bank. Jay and Silent Bob
strike back. People making speeches on movie sets about movies.
Clerks too. People back in the convenience store making more speeches.
oh boy speeches speech speech speech we rated all the Judd Apatow people got
a Seth Rogen you got a little bit banks you got the they were the guy was in Craig
Robinson I think his name is he's there
wrong could get by couldn't get Martin Starr in the thing or you're at it no
room for him oh no but he gets all his other ones back he gets a guy from he
got one of the two guys from clerks back you know the other guys furious what's
the guy's name Jeff Anderson he got Jeff Anderson back from the fold but he
He didn't get Brian O'Holler-huhn.
He gets a guy who talks like this, Mac.
Well, you know, I'm here, I can, uh, I'll shoot your porno movie, and you want me to film
your movie, I'll film your movie, then it's, uh, Jay in it.
Look, that guy, I would ride that thing, this Kevin Smith train all day long if I was that guy.
I would take every dime I could get from it.
Worry, he wants me to be in the movie, he does the movie.
That guy tried, Jay, you're in bad shape when you're getting out acted by the adult stars in the movie.
these these these uh... these uh... porn actresses are running circles around
these guys in terms of just straight acting
but he did it again he took my money again
i sat there for two hours
he did it again
this guy presses my buttons
I gotta be cool now. I gotta be like Obama now. I can't take the bait.
Obama took that didn't take the bait during the election.
I take this Kevin Smith bait every time.
He sets a trap. I walk right into it. FMU you're on the air.
Hey, it's Jason. I'm Jersey City.
How are you doing, Jason? I'm going to survive. I've got to find for the topic.
Let's hear it. The shrink ray topic.
on you on me you know why why I could keep you in my pocket and every time I
felt sad I could take you out and you'd play something funny I'm reassuring
believe tonight yes good night to you too
Oh boy, oh, Kevin Smith, you got me again, you got me again, Kevin Smith.
You belong to Pittsburgh now, keep him Pittsburgh, treasure him, go put Manny Steiner and Ben
and wroffle spurger in your next movie
and michael k
well what's it here we are having
Everybody should be ready for an exciting program.
You should hear what Evan Funk Davies has planned for you tonight.
It's his election celebration show.
He's going to have interviews with two of the guys from All American Rejects
and one guy from Jim Class Heroes.
It's his new rock tribute show.
It's also going to babe you cannon on in a segment called What Happened?
It's on the Evan Funk Davies.
This guy is with the GOP should be looking at.
a guy like that
i say uh... two thousand twelve is going to be
is going to be a uh... uh... bobbie gendall
evan funk davis ticket
this was a bad show
is a turkey
straight-up dud
lot of it's uh... lot of it's your fault callers
But you know what, I'll take the heat on this one.
I'll take the heat, I flopped.
I don't run from the blame.
WFMU, East Orange, WXHD, Mountain Hope, World Wide
on the World Wide Web at WFMU.org.
We will be back next week.
This was an L, right, Mike?
Mike said yes, was an L.
That's why I trust Mike, give me the honest answers.
Stay tuned for Evan Funk Davies.