Oh, hey, everybody. It's Tom Sharpling, the host of the best show on WFMU. You may be
wondering where your fun weekly podcast is gone. It is on hiatus. Why? Because we are
in week two of our WFMU fundraising marathon, in which we turn to you, the listener, to raise
our budget for 2008 so the WFMU can stay solvent for another year and stay on the air for another
year. And again, we are a listener sponsored station. We do not take sleazy corporate underwriting
or scummy government grants. That's what lets us do the thing we do unencumbered by the influence
of the bad guy. That way, things are run by the good guy. That's right. And the good
guys you the listener that's what helps keep us free form so this is what I'm
asking of you my second marathon show is this Tuesday March 4th from eight until
11 p.m. Eastern Standard Time I am asking you to tune in and to call eight
hundred nine eight nine nine three six eight and pledge your support to the
Best Show on WFMU and to WFMU. Show your support for free form radio. I want you to show your support for this show.
Let everybody know that you like what the best show does and stands for.
It's a little different than other stuff on the station, but you're into it and you want to be counted.
And you know what? For your troubles. You pledge, you're gonna get stuff back. You give to get, and
anyone who pledges $75 or more
automatically gets a
Best show we did it again fun pack which has expanded since the last time we may have spoken on this
Podcast that's right. It now consists of get ready for this a t-shirt
Yeah, more than that though. I know t-shirt would be enough a
sticker
There's more an
Amazing poster wait till you see this thing full-color
dollar jaw dropping. So beautiful. You are not going to believe it. You can check it out
over at FriendsOfTom.com. You can take a look at it to see what it looks like. Or you can
check it out over on my MySpace page, MySpace.com slash sharpling. It's my picture up there.
And if that's not enough, Pat Naswalt has recorded a CD and a CD EP expressly for the
the best show it will only be available during the best show
after that it is a gone forever it will never be available in stores
it is uh... lost to the sands of time
and that's what you get for seventy five dollar pledge automatically
there's other prize increments other prize levels you can check out go to
go to uh... w f m u dot org
for more information on that
now if you think this is the kind of show i'm going to do or i'm just going
to beg you for money like i did last week
and now i got a good show for you this week
we are going to have so much fun
in studio
it is like uh... uh... a guest line up like you have never seen
in studio
the second
annual appearance
of the one and only ted leo
he's gonna be on hand playing songs for pledges
we raise a certain amount of money he plays a song he did it last year it was
one of the highlights
of uh... of my uh... show and of my life i will admit that yes one of the
highlights of my life
shames say that
but he's not alone this year
that's right
in studio with them
pat nozwalk
the guy who provided city he's going to come down and maybe we can convince him
to do
some stuff for pledges like maybe uh...
tell a joke with your name in it if you pledge enough money who knows
will figure that out
that's enough right now it's not enough
coming down last but certainly not least
the one and only bend gibber from uh... death cap for cutie in the postal service
he's coming down he's gonna play songs for pledges
unbelievable
ted leo pat nozwold
bend gibber
tom sharpling unbelievable
seventy five dollar pledge
on tuesday night from eight to eleven
p m eastern standard time get you
The we did it again fun pack which is a poster, a t-shirt, a sticker, and the Patton Oswalt
CD EP.
Goodness gracious.
Again, I'm serious, this is the last chance for you to get this stuff if you do not pledge.
On Tuesday night, March 4th, between 8 and 11 p.m. Eastern Standard Time, you cannot
get that fun pack ever again. 800-989-9368 or pledge online at wfmu.org. I'm telling
you, we need to do it people. We had a good week last week, we got to push this thing
over the top. We're going for immortality this time. Everyone's got a pledge, even if
you're throwing a little bit out or you're throwing a lot out. I don't care. I want everyone
on the board. Everyone, if you listen, this is a time. You got to give back now. I give
all every week and I don't complain. I like it. I love, I love doing the show. It's one
of the favorite things ever to have happened to me in my life. But WFMU is not free. This
is a real radio station. We're not doing a podcast out of someone's kitchen. There's
real bills to be paid around here to keep this thing as operable and as flexible as it
is with the podcast and the archives and the streaming audio and the radio station and
the WXHD up in Hudson Valley. A lot of costs there. But I know you people are going to
come through for me again. Tuesday night, March 4th between 8 and 11 p.m. Eastern Standard
time the second and final and final the second and final best show on WFMU 2008 marathon show
is it people let's do it 75 dollars get you that fun pack you know you want it let's make it happen
thank you and thanks everybody who pledged already if you got a little bit left you get
a close out your mouse pledge whatever you do it during my show 800 989 9368 or pledge online
at WFMU.org. I will see you on Tuesday night. Thank you.